Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India, Pakistan get ready to join SCO — and future joint military exercises As protests spread to other MP areas, Shivraj Singh Chouhan offers farm sops Standoff over rates: RBI panel said no to meeting with Finance before review Presidential poll to be held on July 17, if needed, says CEC Nasim Zaidi On the line from Kathmandu, Charles Sobhraj: Have to undergo heart surgery, don’t know if I will survive Home Technology Tech News Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11’s ARKit for augmented reality, and what it offers Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11’s ARKit for augmented reality, and what it offers Apple announced a new development platform , dubbed ARKit, that will let developers create AR experiences on the iPhone and iPad. ARKit will be incorporated deep into iOS 11 that will give help Apple to create the "largest AR platform in the world" Written by Anuj Bhatia | New Delhi | Updated: June 6, 2017 12:14 pm Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 will come with ARKit, which will let developers create AR experiences on the iPhone and iPad. Related News Flipkart Father’s Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Apple iOS 11 hidden features: WiFi sharing, FLAC audio support and more Xiaomi, Apple keep top spots in global wearable segment in Q1 2017: IDC Apple WWDC 2017 saw the announcement of iOS 11, which includes a new ARKit for augmented reality. Now we know Apple CEO Tim Cook has in the past said that AR is the future, and it looks like the company is going full throttle to ensure developers can create a viable AR experience on the iPhone, iPad. As Apple explained during the WWDC keynote, ARKit will be incorporated deep into iOS 11, and will make it the “largest AR platform in the world”. ARKit takes advantage of the iPhone’s camera, motion sensors and graphics processors to allow developers create apps and games that combines the real world with the virtual world. During the live streaming, an updated version of Pokemon Go was also shown. In addition, a representative from director Peter Kackson’s Wingnut AR studios showcased an AR gaming demo, which will be arriving later this. So what exactly will ARKit offer to developers? Apple’s ARKit developer page sheds more light on this platform. First there’s Visual Inertial Odometry, which will let ARKit track the world, and for this it will fuse camera sensor data with CoreMotion data. According to Apple, “these two inputs allow the device to sense how it moves within a room with a high degree of accuracy, and without any additional calibration.” The second aspect of ARKit is the “Scene Understanding and Lighting Estimation”, which Apple says will let the ARKit analyse the scene based on the camera view, and then find “horizontal planes like tables and floors, and can track and place objects on smaller feature points as well.” This could help furniture companies like Ikea, etc create AR-powered apps, where you can super impose some of the products from the app onto to your real surrounds via the camera, and see how all of it looks. the ARKit also relies on the camera sensor to figure out the amount of light in a room, and will then apply the correct light to the virtual objects. Read more: Apple WWDC 2017 highlights: Siri, HomePod, iOS 11, and more | Read here. Finally, ARKit will work on Apple A9 and A10 processors, and will allow for fast and accurate real-time rendering of virtual objects on top of the actual surroundings. Apple says developers can use the optimizations for ARKit in Metal, SceneKit, and third-party tools like Unity and Unreal Engine as well. Silicon Valley behemoths Facebook and Google have been betting high on augmented reality (AI). Apple’s entrance into the augmented reality space marks the beginning of the mainstream consumer platform. Apple said that hundreds of millions of iPhones and iPads will be able to run apps created with ARKit platform. Read more: Apple iOS 11: Here are the five things that you should be excited about CEO Tim Cook had hinted several times in the past that augmented reality (AI) will be as big as the iPhone. In an interview to The Independent earlier this year, Cook said that “the smartphone is for everyone, we don’t have to think the iPhone is about a certain demographic, or country or vertical market: it’s for everyone. I think AR is that big, it’s huge. I get excited because of the things that could be done that could improve a lot of lives”. With the release of ARKit to developers, Apple is bringing augmented reality to the masses on iPhones, iPads. In comparison, Microsoft’s HoloLens is still a far more expensive, and niche devices, after all it starts $3000. Rival Google’s Project Tango, a specialized AR platform, is available on a handful of devices.  Tango needs a dedicated hardware, while Microsoft is asking you to invest in a headset that’s largely inaccessible to users. Apple isn’t even asking to invest in a special hardware to experience augmented reality apps, instead it is pushing developers to create the apps. More Related News Apple iCloud storage price for 2TB slashed to half, now starts at Rs 650 Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier : Here’s what you need to know For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 No Comments. Most Read RBSE 10th result 2017 released at rajresults.nic.in, pass percentage is 78.96% 10th RBSE result 2017 announced: Where and how to check SSC result RBSE 8th result 2017 declared at rajeduboard.rajasthan.gov.in, here's how to download Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L): As it happened NEET 2017 results date to be announced, five things you need to know Best of Express Rahul Gandhi at Madhya Pradesh border: Farmers not given same respect as jawans James Comey testimony live updates: Former FBI director's hearing begins SportsIND vs SL Live Score: Sri Lanka lose opener Dickwella early in 322 chase OpinionIndia should utilise Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, but it must sidestep ambushes by China and Pakistan OpinionRobust intellectual property rights regime holds the key to incentivising research on medicines Buzzing Now EntertainmentFatima Sana Shaikh slut-shamed for wearing a swimsuit during Ramadan: 'You aren't a Muslim EntertainmentSamantha Ruth Prabhu and Naga Chaitanya's wedding date set. Here are all the deets EntertainmentSridevi breaks silence on rejecting Sivagami role in Baahubali: 'What's the point in talking about it' TrendingThis Indian couple married for just 20 days gets their divorce finalised after 20 years TrendingBrother ki dulhan? Younger brother pushes elder brother aside to marry the bride Top News VIDEO: Rahul Gandhi pushes Madhya Pradesh policeman, says 'how can you stop me?' Centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers: Rajnath Singh on Mandsaur violence What is Swaminathan Commission Report and how is its implementation relevant? SportsRohit Sharma-Shikhar Dhawan become most successful pair in Champions Trophy SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, Champions Trophy SportsFrench Open Live score, women's semifinals LifestyleBJP MLC from Jammu says 'momo is a killer'; but is it really? LifestyleRani Mukerji is back and her style game is right on point TechnologyMotorola Moto Z2 Play first impressions: Worth its Rs 27,999 price tag? TechnologyFlipkart Father's Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Jun 08: Latest News ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Joe Root’s consistency is absolutely astounding, says Ian Bell Pakistan to propose three judges to ICJ for Kulbhushan Jadhav case MS Dhoni: Top sixes in his cricket career, watch video Priyanka Chopra or Freida Pinto: Who wore the jumpsuit better? Textbook tells students to write emails as short as skirts, sparks row in Delhi University Anuj Bhatia... read more Dolby’s big focus: Take over the big screen, and the one on your mobile Motorola Moto Z2 Play vs Moto Z Play: What’s the difference, and should you upgrade? Apple’s HomePod Siri-speaker: How it fares against Amazon Echo Show, Google Home                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport share: Share on Facebook Facebook Messenger Share on Twitter Twitter Email a friend Mail Search gadgets mobile phones iPhones to get ‘Do Not Disturb While Driving’ safety option ROAD safety experts have praised a potentially lifesaving feature coming to iPhones later this year that will lock drivers out while they are behind the wheel. Rod ChesterNews Corp Australia Network June 6, 20177:26pm Apple's Senior Vice President of Software Engineering Craig Federighi speaks on stage about CarPlay during Apple's World Wide Developers Conference in San Jose, California. AFP / Josh Edelson ROAD safety experts have praised a potentially lifesaving feature coming to iPhones later this year that will lock drivers out of their phone while they are behind the wheel. The Do Not Disturb While Driving feature Apple announced today at the WWDC conference in San Jose will be part of the new iOS 11 operating system available that will be available, probably in September, to anyone with an iPhone 5S or later. The system will automatically detect when someone is in a car and will block notifications and texts and stop drivers from opening apps on their phone. Apple CEO Tim Cook on stage during Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California, today. Picture: AFP / Josh EdelsonSource:AFP The system can send an automatic text response saying the person is driving and it will still allow drivers to take hand-free calls. The new iPhone software will prompt people to turn on the do not disturb mode but the driver can ignore the advice and risk the distraction of looking at a smartphone. The system detects when the phone is in a car when it is paired to a car’s Bluetooth system or when it detects that it is travelling quickly past many wi-fi networks. Once the system is turned on, it will kick into action on every drive. Passengers will be able to override the mode. SAFETY ‘MISSING LINK’ NRMA Road Safety Expert Dimitra Vlahomitros called technology the “missing link” in addressing the dangers of driver distraction. “NRMA welcomes all technology that tackles distractions inside the car,” she said. “This will go a long way in ensuring that bad driver behaviour is stopped.” Ms Vlahomitros said the risks of using a phone while driving were clear. “Being distracted from driving for two seconds or more doubles your risk of crashing,” she said. Craig Federighi speaks of the new road safety feature included in the upcoming Apple IOS update - Do Not Disturb While Driving. Picture: Justin Sullivan / Getty / AFPSource:AFP “As more and more people depend on their mobile phones every day, driver distraction will continue to grow.” RACQ spokesman Lauren Ritchie called the software feature “a great initiative”. “The issue now is getting drivers to enable the function every time they are behind the wheel,” she said. Ms Ritchie said distracted driving, which as largely mobile phone use, was estimated to cause one in four crashes. EYES ON THE ROAD A person using a handheld or hands-free mobile is four times more likely to have a serious crash resulting in hospital care. Texting while driving has been compared to driving the length of a football field blindfolded but on the road. News Corp Australia recently revealed the results of a nationwide survey of 2000 drivers with an overwhelming majority declaring “being distracted by mobile phones” is the reason behind an increase in road deaths. A total of 79 per cent of drivers surveyed as part of the Australian Automobile Association’s research said mobile phones were the major cause of road fatalities, followed by speeding (68%), driving while on drugs and drink driving, both 67 per cent, and road rage (56%). Share on Facebook Tweet this story Send in email Leave a comment Add your comment to this story Show Comments Jump back to top trending in technology 104 Einstein’s general theory of relativity: ‘Gravitational lens... 61 Dogs travel in bags following New York subway ban 46 Apple to deploy Horizon Machines to fix iPhone screens 44 Sophia the robot says artificial intelligence is good for us 15 Homo sapiens 100,000 years older than thought: Fossil discov... 5 Winter weather: Record breaking warm days in WA, freezing co... 5 Mars has faces that look like Earth: Images 3 Hillary and Bill Clinton ‘slave’ labour claims shock Twitter 2 3D map of the universe helping us understand dark energy MORE IN Mobile Phones Apple changes tune on iPhone repair Some bad news if you’re on iPhone 5 Why we still have payphones in 2017 Apple, Samsung rivals plot revenge FOLLOW US ADVERTISE ABOUT US CONNECT Be rewarded for your opinions JOIN Please enter a valid email address Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEST (GMT +10). Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bottom JS
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Podcasts Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News developing Police awarded fingerprint ID system grant By Austin Ramsey Messenger-Inquirer 9 hrs ago 0 Officers talk woman down from jumping off Second Street building GRDHD preps for emergency training, calls for volunteers Exploring the Excitement of discovery Kentucky attorney general vows to sue Bevin over education order Chase leads deputies to drugs Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Podcasts Local Sports Warren in contention at AJGA By JOSEPH RUSSELL Messenger-Inquirer 9 hrs ago 0 Muhlenberg County appears ready for first state tourney trip Durant's dagger 3 lifts Warriors over Cavs in Game 3 Sooner surprise: Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops retires at 56 Tournament Information --- MISSING HEADLINE --- Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Health Recognizing PTSD By Susan Matthews Mind & Body 9 hrs ago 0 Fitbit loses ground to Apple and Xiaomi in wearable-device race Food Service Inspections Squash, a test of body and mind, courts a broader crowd Backyard chickens blamed for salmonella outbreaks. Do not snuggle with them, CDC says. Does grilled meat cause cancer? Maybe, maybe not. Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports News Trail Town Task Force meets 9 hrs ago 0 Addie Duncan Frailing Poplar Grove Garry L. McElwain Chamber News Museum AP Apple unveils first new product in years By MICHAEL LIEDTKE and BARBARA ORTUTAY AP Technology Writers Jun 6, 2017 0 SAN JOSE, California -- Apple nodded to several up-and-coming technology trends, unveiling a new "smart" home speaker and device features touching on virtual reality, online privacy and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The speaker unveiled Monday is similar to devices from rivals, some of which have been on the market for years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, Apple's HomePod speaker will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. It is Apple's first new device since the company launched its smartwatch in April 2015. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google's Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. KEEPING IT REAL WITH VR New iMacs unveiled Monday at Apple's annual conference for software programmers are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for development virtual-reality "experiences." But Apple is late to the game on VR. Samsung and Google already have VR systems centered on their smartphones. Facebook, HTC and Sony have high-end VR systems, too. Virtual reality has been described as the next big thing for decades. But so far, interest has been strongest among gamers, developers and hardware makers rather than everyday users. Apple's entry into the market could change this. Its entry into digital-music sales with iTunes, and into the smartphone market with the iPhone, upended those industries and gave them mass appeal. NEW IPHONE FEATURES New features coming to iPhones and iPads include messages that sync to Apple servers in the cloud. These devices will only keep the most recent messages in local storage. For photos, Apple is turning to a "high efficiency" format to replace the widely used JPEG standard. Although the format is not exclusive to Apple, it's not yet clear how well the photos will work with non-Apple software and devices, which mostly use JPEG. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. MAC GETS AN UPGRADE Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the latest operating system for Mac computers. Called High Sierra, it recognizes more faces automatically, which should make it easier to organize photos, and will offer more photo editing tools. Safari, Apple's web browser, seeks to make users' online experience smoother and less annoying. It will allow users to automatically block auto-play videos by detecting videos that shouldn't be playing when you open a webpage to read an article, for example. The browser's new "intelligent tracking prevention," meanwhile, will use machine learning to identify and block digital-ad trackers in order to keep advertisers from following and profiling users. It will not block the ads themselves, though. WATCH THE WATCH Apple is also updating the operating software for its Apple Watch, including new watch faces, more personalized alerts that use machine learning to tailor information to you based on your routines and tastes. It also enhanced its workout app to, for instance, support high intensity interval training. It will also be possible to exchange data between gym equipment and the watch. In a nod to Amazon streaming fans, Apple is also bringing Amazon Prime to its Apple TV app. ---- Ortutay reported from New York × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 62° Clear Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News Beech Grove Addie Duncan Frailing Poplar Grove Garry L. McElwain Police awarded fingerprint ID system grant Chamber News Officers talk woman down from jumping off Second Street building Warren in contention at AJGA Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Lake Forest Town Center is Hayden's latest creation Police Reports: Sunday, June 4, 2017 Buried booze: 1920-era Glenmore liquor may still be stashed at storied Hancock County cabin Divorces Officers talk woman down from jumping off Second Street building Police Reports: Saturday, June 3, 2017 Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Senator: Sales tax exemptions could be targeted in special session (2) Cain to receive Buford Pusser award (1) A couple of tidbits about a sign and a stagecoach ride (1) From This Place to That (1) Sports Calendar: June 3, 2017 (1) Motion in Gabe's fight will be heard Tuesday (1) Mayor turns attention to economic development; city manager focused on operations, upcoming events (1) Kentucky needs to expand workforce, report says (1) Cars '03 Jeep Liberty $1500 obo 270-570-3425 $1,500 Updated 11 hrs ago 2007 Lexus RX350, light blue, 87000 miles, excellent condition, $13,500 $13,500 Mileage: 87,000 Updated 11 hrs ago 2012 Club Car, 1 yr old battery w/ 5x10 trailer $3,295 Updated 10 hrs ago Stocks Homes West - ONEY'S APARTMENTS 1 & 2 BDRM. Contact 270-683-9731 Jun 6, 2014 BY OWNER 1590 Riverview Dr, Lewisport Custom, over-built, 3+BR, 2-1/2 $265 Bathrooms: 2 Updated 11 hrs ago 3200 Alvey Park Dr E Prime Commercial Lot Zoned B-3. $329,900 Updated 11 hrs ago Special Sections 6-3-17 At Home Jun 3, 2017 0 2Q/2017 Mar 24, 2017 0 Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation 202 Things To Do May 9, 2017 0 2017-18 Visitor's Guide 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine 2017 Estate Planning May 12, 2017 0 2017 Wedding Planner Jan 22, 2017 0 All About Pets 2017 Feb 26, 2017 0 2016 Reader's Choice Awards Jun 24, 2016 0 The 2016 Reader's Choice Awards and quarterly Owensboro Magazine. Sections Home News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Abhishek Budholiya Apple Accessories Market will hit at 4.8% CAGR through 2020 The global Apple accessories market is expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR over the forecast period, 2016-2020. Demand is expected to remain strong in China, where rapid adoption of smartphones, combined with an increasing preference towards the ‘Apple’ brand is pushing sales. The market in China is expected to grow at 8.5% CAGR through the forecast period. Globally, the demand for Apple accessories is expected to be positively influenced by the growing BYOD trend. Weak distribution channels in emerging markets have remained a longstanding challenge for manufacturers. However, popularity of e-commerce and focus on creating alternative distribution channels have positively impacted Apple accessories sales in emerging markets. The steady growth in these markets is expected to offset weak demand in developed markets of the U.S. and Europe. Request For Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3374 Apple accessories sales in Asia will be driven by rising popularity of e-commerce websites and apps. As is the case in Asia, steady e-commerce sales are driving Apple accessories sales in Brazil and Russia. These factors will contribute to the overall growth of the global market. Future Market Insights identifies that undefined standards in terms of components and technology have led to price and product differentiation. Moreover, widespread availability of counterfeit and pirated products offered at a fraction of the original price in various developing countries can significantly inhibit demand for Apple accessories. The Future Market Insights report reveals that iPhone screen guards will continue to be the most-sought after accessory among consumers. iPad cases and iPad screen guards are expected to remain the other lucrative product types. Collectively, these three product segments accounted for over 50% revenue share of the global market in 2016, and the status quo will remain unchanged throughout the forecast period. Among these product types, iPad cases segment will only witness an increase in its revenue share by 2020. Send An Enquiry@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-3374 North America will continue to be the most lucrative market, with the US leading total sales. The North America Apple accessories market was valued at US$ 1.93 Bn in 2016, with the US accounting for US$ 1.38 Bn in revenues. Future Market Insights projects the North America market revenues to increase at a CAGR of 4% CAGR through 2020. The report further reveals that the Apple accessories market in Europe is predicted to register a CAGR of 4.0% in the span of next four years. However, the Apple accessories market in South East Asia is expected to witness relatively sluggish growth by the end of 2020. 3M, Bose Corporation, Western Digital Corporation (SanDisk), Logitech, Otter Products, LLC., Decoded, Adobe, Bang & Olufsen, Incase and ACCO (Kensington Computer Products Group) are the key manufacturers operating in the Apple accessories market globally. CategoriesGoogle News TagsApple Accessories Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Students in Indonesia Know That For Better Basic Services, Their Country Needs More Revenue Next PostNext Eco die casting Co.,Ltd Now Offers Fast Troubleshooting for Common Defects of Die Casting Search Recent Posts Asia-Pacific Pressure Sensitive Paper Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Good Growth Opportunities in Global Malt Market Till 2026 Corporate News Blog – Elbit Systems of America Wins Contract to Deliver Panoramic Cockpit Display Units for F-35 Aircrafts Mobile Advertising (mAdvertising) market expected to grow at a CAGR of nearly 20% Including Key Players Amtel, Anam Technologies Blue Coat Asia-Pacific Pressure Sensitive Adhesive Tapes Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Koogeek New Smart Blood Pressure Monitor, Family Healthy Keeper United States – 6th June, 2017 – Koogeek, manufacturer of innovative health devices and Apple Homekit enabled smart home products, introduces this unparalleled smart blood pressure monitor designed primarily for family.  It has awesome features that consist of Texas Instruments CC2541 Bluetooth chip which guarantees very accurate monitoring of blood pressure along with heart rate. The monitor allows dual connectivity through Bluetooth and Wi-Fi with support data storage for a maximum of 16 users.  All measured datas are kept in the Koogeek cloud so you can check it anytime and this can be sent to the doctor for diagnosis. This has CE (European Conformity) certification; FCC (Federal Communications Commission) Declaration of Conformity; and approval by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA).  Said apparatus is user-friendly as anyone can measure with a single click making it simple and convenient. The wide LCD screen display ensures hassle-free reading. It is compatible with Android and Internet Operating Systems as well as Apple’s health apps.  The effortless one-press function allows all users to get correct Diastolic and Systolic readings for BP and heart rate promptly. This is part of the smart blood pressure monitor Intelligent Compression Technology. The monitor has the capacity to preserve 20 sets of data and Koogeek cloud can preserve all the datas. The modern technology enables automatic inflation and deflation at the right level. Therefore, it delivers precise measurements. Even irregular heart beat is detected without difficulty.  To get the smart blood pressure monitor at a reduced price for certain duration, the company is giving a $32 discount off for those who visit the website Tomtop and Amazon. Readers simply have to click the link: http://www.tomtop.com/pther-lifestyle-gadgets-1026/p-ksbp2.html and include the coupon code TTKSBP in putting 32 USD off after the code or click the link http://amzn.to/2sl0R1N and include the coupon code 6LKLXWKS in putting 20 USD off after the code. This is considered a big incentive for customers.  Koogeek, one of the most reputable companies, is also a distributor of smart home products compatible with Apple Home Kit and unveiled recently at the CES 2017, international consumer electronics technology trade fair held every January of the year at Las Vegas Convention Center in Nevada, USA.  The upside of the technology is all products are controlled easily through SIRI computer program, iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, and Apple (Watch).  In its effort to disseminate information about this smart blood pressure monitor in the market, the company has designed an interactive website and sent out business invitations for Business to Business or e-Biz to facilitate e-commerce exchange. About the Company Koogeek, a proponent of high-quality and healthy life, advocates the Smart Cloud Approach. This includes intelligent management; analysis of big data; heart monitor; personalized service; social media sharing; and, one-click shopping.  Through intelligent management, all users are able to connect with each other and manage the smart blood pressure monitor along with other gadgets making use of this cloud system. Big data analysis is based on different factors like users’ behavior and health information. The company’s customized service includes doctors and life assistants.  Consumers with additional inquiries can browse through the company website at http://www.koogeek.com/ for general concerns.  Media Contact Company Name: TOMTOP GROUP LIMITED Contact Person: Robert Email: sales@koogeek.com Phone: 6265335288 Address:14273 don Julian road City: City of Industry State: CA, 91746 Country: United States Website: www.koogeek.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsManufacturing & Industry, Marketing & Sales, Shopping & Deal, Website & Blog, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ZTE unterzeichnet strategisches Partnerschaftsabkommen mit Telenet zu 5G und IoT Next PostNext NotarizeThis.info celebrates 2nd with new features – One Click Quick to Find over 50,000 Notaries Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Koogeek New Smart Blood Pressure Monitor, Family Healthy Keeper United States – 6th June, 2017 – Koogeek, manufacturer of innovative health devices and Apple Homekit enabled smart home products, introduces this unparalleled smart blood pressure monitor designed primarily for family.  It has awesome features that consist of Texas Instruments CC2541 Bluetooth chip which guarantees very accurate monitoring of blood pressure along with heart rate. The monitor allows dual connectivity through Bluetooth and Wi-Fi with support data storage for a maximum of 16 users.  All measured datas are kept in the Koogeek cloud so you can check it anytime and this can be sent to the doctor for diagnosis. This has CE (European Conformity) certification; FCC (Federal Communications Commission) Declaration of Conformity; and approval by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA).  Said apparatus is user-friendly as anyone can measure with a single click making it simple and convenient. The wide LCD screen display ensures hassle-free reading. It is compatible with Android and Internet Operating Systems as well as Apple’s health apps.  The effortless one-press function allows all users to get correct Diastolic and Systolic readings for BP and heart rate promptly. This is part of the smart blood pressure monitor Intelligent Compression Technology. The monitor has the capacity to preserve 20 sets of data and Koogeek cloud can preserve all the datas. The modern technology enables automatic inflation and deflation at the right level. Therefore, it delivers precise measurements. Even irregular heart beat is detected without difficulty.  To get the smart blood pressure monitor at a reduced price for certain duration, the company is giving a $32 discount off for those who visit the website Tomtop and Amazon. Readers simply have to click the link: http://www.tomtop.com/pther-lifestyle-gadgets-1026/p-ksbp2.html and include the coupon code TTKSBP in putting 32 USD off after the code or click the link http://amzn.to/2sl0R1N and include the coupon code 6LKLXWKS in putting 20 USD off after the code. This is considered a big incentive for customers.  Koogeek, one of the most reputable companies, is also a distributor of smart home products compatible with Apple Home Kit and unveiled recently at the CES 2017, international consumer electronics technology trade fair held every January of the year at Las Vegas Convention Center in Nevada, USA.  The upside of the technology is all products are controlled easily through SIRI computer program, iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, and Apple (Watch).  In its effort to disseminate information about this smart blood pressure monitor in the market, the company has designed an interactive website and sent out business invitations for Business to Business or e-Biz to facilitate e-commerce exchange. About the Company Koogeek, a proponent of high-quality and healthy life, advocates the Smart Cloud Approach. This includes intelligent management; analysis of big data; heart monitor; personalized service; social media sharing; and, one-click shopping.  Through intelligent management, all users are able to connect with each other and manage the smart blood pressure monitor along with other gadgets making use of this cloud system. Big data analysis is based on different factors like users’ behavior and health information. The company’s customized service includes doctors and life assistants.  Consumers with additional inquiries can browse through the company website at http://www.koogeek.com/ for general concerns.  Media Contact Company Name: TOMTOP GROUP LIMITED Contact Person: Robert Email: sales@koogeek.com Phone: 6265335288 Address:14273 don Julian road City: City of Industry State: CA, 91746 Country: United States Website: www.koogeek.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsManufacturing & Industry, Marketing & Sales, Shopping & Deal, Website & Blog, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ZTE unterzeichnet strategisches Partnerschaftsabkommen mit Telenet zu 5G und IoT Next PostNext NotarizeThis.info celebrates 2nd with new features – One Click Quick to Find over 50,000 Notaries Search Recent Posts Asia-Pacific Pressure Sensitive Paper Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Good Growth Opportunities in Global Malt Market Till 2026 Corporate News Blog – Elbit Systems of America Wins Contract to Deliver Panoramic Cockpit Display Units for F-35 Aircrafts Mobile Advertising (mAdvertising) market expected to grow at a CAGR of nearly 20% Including Key Players Amtel, Anam Technologies Blue Coat Asia-Pacific Pressure Sensitive Adhesive Tapes Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
CLOSE Home National Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga Free State North West Northern Cape Eastern Cape Western Cape WORLD AFRICA Sports TechknowAge Careers FINANCIAL LIBERATION Contact Us More Tenders/Bids Business Comments And Analysis #TNABizBrief Competitions Entertainment Science Subscription Lifestyle Videos Knysna fire raging, four dead Woman raped at Lenasia South Clinic toilet Artist Zwelethu Mthethwa sentenced to 18 years for murder ‘Free State ANCYL dares the SACP to go it alone at the polls’ Western Cape disaster management #KnysnaFire update Thursday, June 8, 2017 Careers Tenders/ Bids /Notice Home National Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga Free State North West Northern Cape Eastern Cape Western Cape WORLD AFRICA Sports TechknowAge Careers FINANCIAL LIBERATION Contact Us More Tenders/Bids Business Comments And Analysis #TNABizBrief Competitions Entertainment Science Subscription Lifestyle Videos iPhone 8 expected June 6, 2017 0 109 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Purported iPhone 8 shots continue to emerge as rumours suggest that the smartphone could be launched,Picture: Getty Images Purported iPhone 8 shots continue to emerge as rumours suggest that the smartphone could be launched at Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC 2017) which started yesterday. The device is said to be Apple’s most anticipated phone since the original iPhone in 2007. Rumours suggest a full-on dark mode for the display, a big focus on Apple’s digital software assistant Siri, updates to the messaging services iMessage and FaceTime and updates to the digital payment system Apple Pay. This comes as Apple starts the big week of the iPhone’s 10th anniversary. The company’s Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC 2017) kicked off yesterday with new MacBooks and iPads expected as well as the first glimpse of iOS 11. There’s been a lot of speculation doing the rounds in connection with Apple’s next iPhone. While rumours such as a full-face screen and the removal of the home button seem almost certain to be accurate at this point, there is still some confusion over the Touch ID sensor. According to a recent article from Forbes, the device will maintain the same aluminium unibody, ruling out any major redesign and wireless charging. According to Forbes, three Foxconn employees have confirmed the following features: It looks most like the middle version in both these leaked images. There is a new dual rear camera with vertical alignment. The front bezel will be thinner on the Y-axis. Test units have Touch ID under the glass “but performance and yield rates were not good”. No version is planned with a rear fingerprint scanner. AuthenTech’s long-standing Touch ID capacitive touch module has been replaced. There will be facial detection and a retina scanner. And plural “front facing camera modules”. RAM remains at 3GB like the iPhone 7 Plus. The aluminium unibody is replaced by “composite glass”. There’s wireless charging via a rear panel. It will again be “water-resistant” (no word if the rating has increased). There is no USB-C, Apple is sticking with Lightning. Production is indeed delayed. -INDIE BOYCE|indiphileb@thenewage.co.za basil RELATED ARTICLES National Zuma pledges solidarity with Western Cape residents World Zimbabwe bus crash kills 43: police Eastern Cape Knysna fire raging, four dead Football Tinkler joins SuperSport Football Real Madrid call presidential election NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. The New Age covers news from all nine provinces, along with national events, Op-Ed columns, politics, Africa and International news, sports, business, entertainment, lifestyle, science and technology. Popular Item On #ZumaMustFall, ZCC says don’t include us Full statement issued... Multiple cars stolen at Mall of Africa Multiple vehicles have... Right of Reply: Oakbay CEO responds to Floyd Shivambu South Africa has... Recent News Zuma pledges solidarity with Western Cape residents Zimbabwe bus crash kills 43: police A bus accident... Phahlane wont fight against suspension Former acting national... About Us Oakbay Investments Vision & Mission Terms & Conditions Designed by FutureTeQ © Copyright 2016 - The New Age
Sections You are not signed in.Sign inRegister HomeDevelopmentPublishingPolitics & LawMedia & MarketingMobileVR & ARFinancialeSportsEventsGames Industry Jobs Apple gets on the VR/AR bandwagon, improves App Store for games The company announced its support for Steam VR and showcased its new ARKit on iPhone James Brightman Editor, North America Monday 5th June 2017 Share this article Recommend Tweet Share Companies in this article Apple At its Worldwide Developers Conference 2017 today, Apple announced that macOS will finally support virtual reality via Steam VR. HTC Vive was used to demo an ILM experience running on Unreal Engine. This was made possible through a newly announced external GPU, which is being positioned as a developer kit housing an AMD Radeon RX 580 and a USB-C hub. This is big news for the HTC Vive team as it also just partnered recently with Google on the search giant's standalone VR initiative. "Vive is driving the VR industry forward, and in just the last month alone, we have partnered with the world's most prominent and innovative tech giants including Google, Intel and Apple, who are aligning their VR efforts around Vive," said HTC Vive on its official blog. There was no mention of Oculus at WWDC, but it's worth noting that Steam VR apps are playable on Rift. Aside from virtual reality, Apple also announced its intent to take augmented reality seriously with its new ARKit tool on iOS, which Apple boasted is now the "largest AR platform in the world." Hundreds of millions of iPhones will support ARKit, which Apple said offers "fast and stable motion tracking" that enhances AR capabilities by making objects appear as if they're really there as opposed to floating in space. During WWDC, the company showed how ARKit can map a flat surface of a table and place a teacup on it in the virtual world. Peter Jackson's studio Wingnut AR then showed off a more complicated demo of a landscape built on Unreal Engine (ARKit also supports Unity and SceneKit). The Wingnut AR demo will be made available later this year, as will iOS 11 with a slew of improvements. Of course, it's worth noting that Google already offers AR with its Tango technology, but that's only available on a small number of Android devices. Apple's conference was more than two hours long and covered new hardware configurations for Mac, Macbook and iPad, as well as a brand-new line in the vein of Amazon Echo, called HomePod, but the more significant announcement on the games development front is that the company also now supports in-app purchases right from the App Store description page. Apple announced that the redesigned App Store in iOS 11 would give games a larger video focus, enabling users to watch Let's Play videos in-app, as well as videos from developers and editors. Along with the ability to make in-app purchases without having to go into a game's menu, developers should benefit from these changes to improve discovery and more effectively communicate with the vast installed base iOS provides. Sign up for The Mobile newsletter and get the best of GamesIndustry.biz in your inbox. Related stories Old Man's Journey, Severed among Apple Design Award 2017 winners Splitter Critters, Mushroom 11 and Blackbox also among the five games honoured at WWDC By James Batchelor 5 hours ago App Store revenue breaks $70bn Downloads have grown by 70% in the last 12 months alone By Christopher Dring 7 days ago Latest comments There are no comments on this article yet. Why not be the first to post one? Sign in to contribute Email addressPasswordSign in Need an account? Register now. Now hiring
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 58°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Wednesday, June 7, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds NewsFeed with Zuri Berry, Joe Dwinell Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Apple unveils $349 HomePod to compete with Amazon Echo, Google Home Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY Monday, June 05, 2017 Credit: Apple handout Apple HomePod speaker, announced at Apple's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference on June 5, 2017. comments SAN JOSE — Apple will compete with Google Home and Amazon Echo later this year with a new speaker called HomePod.   Apple says its looking to “reinvent” the way we listen to music in the home. Apple said the same chip used in the iPhone will power the speaker. “It’s the biggest brains ever in a speaker,” said Apple senior vice president Phil Schiller.   The HomePod speaker will sell for $349, twice as much as the Amazon Echo. HomePod will start shipping  in December As part of the announcement at the Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple touted upgrades for the Siri personal assistant in the fall update to the IOS mobile operating system.  Siri will add inflection to her voice, to say phrases three different ways. Additionally, Siri will be able to chime in by answering follow-up questions, and offer multiple results to queries.    Related Articles Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals CNN host Rezla Aslan gets flak for potty-mouthed anti-Trump tweet Rex Ryan, Rob Ryan involved in bar fight in Nashville More On: USA Today Apple Inc. Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories real estate A real pearl of a home in Newton adam smith technology Nintendo Switch shortages may be Apple’s fault business & markets Cuba falling short of foreign investment goals associated press real estate Ranch’s appeal starts in kitchen adam smith Trending Now House Democrats’ bills threaten DOC/ICE pact Quincy dispensary preps pizza with pot Errors leave Boston veterans shortchanged Strike looms as Tufts nurses to reject contract Naut Guilty captain found not guilty in boat mishap that led to amputation First time King George VI and Queen Elizabeth of England visit U.S. in history #HeraldArchive 1939 #HeraldArchives… Neglected animals rescued in N.H. Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 52°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Thursday, June 8, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Boston Herald Drive with John Sapochetti, Rick Shaffer Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Apple (finally) slices into home speaker market Herald Wire Services Tuesday, June 06, 2017 Credit: AP INTRODUCING HOMEPOD: Apple executive Phil Schiller, above, spoke yesterday at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif. comments SAN JOSE, Calif. — Apple is nodding to several up-and-coming technology trends, unveiling a new “smart” home speaker and device features touching on virtual reality, online privacy and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The “HomePod” speaker unveiled yesterday is similar to devices from rivals, some of which have been on the market for years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people manage their lives and homes. Siri will be voice-activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. It is the first new device Apple has announced since the Apple Watch in September 2014. Apple “can’t afford to yield valuable real estate in the heart of people’s homes to Amazon, Google and others,” said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That’s especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more “pervasive” way that’s less dependent on smartphones, he said. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google’s Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. Research firm eMarketer said more than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. New features coming to iPhones and iPads include messages that sync to Apple servers in the cloud, storing only the most recent messages in the device. For photos, Apple is turning to a “high-efficiency” format to replace JPEGs. Related Articles Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals The Latest: Analyst says late doesn't mean out for Apple China stocks fall after rating cut, other Asian markets gain More On: Apple Inc The Echo Nest Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories real estate E. Boston shopping district proposed for Maverick Sq. donna goodison business & markets Strike looms as Tufts nurses to reject contract lindsay kalter business & markets MIT praises anonymous $140M gift jordan graham real estate Real Estate Trending Now House Democrats’ bills threaten DOC/ICE pact Errors leave Boston veterans shortchanged Quincy dispensary preps pizza with pot Strike looms as Tufts nurses to reject contract DeLeo tables controversial immigration bill First time King George VI and Queen Elizabeth of England visit U.S. in history #HeraldArchive 1939 #HeraldArchives… Neglected animals rescued in N.H. Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Thursday 8 June 2017 , Thursday 8 June 2017 , Today's Paper Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Science & Tech Travel & Tourism Metro Opinion Environment Health & Life Style Health Cuisine Beauty Fashion Latest News Abdul Halim sets another Guinness World Record Moudud evicted from Gulshan house as per court order: Quader Arafat Sunny admits to second wife Zimbabwe bus crash 'kills 43' Banani rape: Police press charges against 5 accused Science & Tech 6 June, 2017 11:21:14 AM iMac Pro: Apple launches powerful new desktop Apple hopes its pro-level all-in-one computer helps maintain its hold on the creative industry and also updates MacBook, MacBook Pro and iMac lines Independent Online/The Guardian Apple has announced a brand new computer in the form of a $4,999 iMac Pro at its developer conference in San Jose, making the company’s all-in-one computer the most powerful Mac available. The new beefed-up iMac is intended to address the concerns of professional creatives, who until now have been limited to either the consumer 27in 5K iMac or the older Mac Pro, which hasn’t been updated since 2013. The new iMac Pro starts with an 8-core Intel Xeon processor, but can be configured with an 18-core processor variant, as well as up to 128GB of EEC RAM, 4TB of SSD storage and Radeon Vega discrete graphics cards with up to 16GB of memory.The 27in machine has the 5K display from the existing 5K iMac, but has four Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports and is capable of pushing up to 44m pixels across three screens. Apple will hope that the iMac Pro will address the concerns of video editors looking to work with 4K or 8K video that need workstation-level power – a market that the company has failed to serve for the last couple of years forcing once Apple-only outfits to switch to alternative operating systems and machines. The iMac Pro will start at $4,999 in the US and will be available in December. Apple also updated the standard iMac line with new 7th generation Intel Core i5 and i7 processors, Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports, up to 64GB of RAM and Apple’s Fusion drives as standard. The 21.5in iMac will come in a standard and 4K screen variant, with Iris Plus 620 graphics and a choice of Radeon Pro 555 and 560 discrete GPUs. The 27in 5K variant will come with Radeon Pro 570, 575 or 580 graphics cards, and were demoed producing live VR content - a new area of exploration for Apple, which has joined with Valve to bring its Steam VR platform for the Mac as well as Unity and Unreal engines.The 21.5in and the 5k iMac hadn’t been updated since late 2015 with the Skylake, 6th generation Intel processors – the same as those used in the MacBook Pro when it launched in 2016. Advertisement Finally, Apple also updated its MacBook and MacBook Pro line with 7th generation Intel processors, and gave the MacBook Air a specification bump in response to its sustained popularity. When the redesigned MacBook Pro with Touch Bar was launched in October 2016, one of the criticisms of the design was that it used older 6th generation Intel Core i5 and i7 processors rather than the latest 7th generation versions, which were more powerful and more thermally efficient. By updating to the 7th generation “Kaby Lake” Core i5 and i7 processors, Apple has brought the MacBook Pro line up to pair with rivals from Dell, Razer and HP. But Apple will also hope that the more efficient, newer processors will help it live up to its promises of a 10-hour battery life, of which the 13in MacBook Pro fell well short. iMac Pro: Apple launches powerful new desktop Apple hopes its pro-level all-in-one computer helps maintain its hold on the creative industry and also updates MacBook, MacBook Pro and iMac lines Independent Online/The Guardian Apple has announced a brand new computer in the form of a $4,999 iMac Pro at its developer conference in San Jose, making the companys all-in-one computer the most powerful Mac available. The new beefed-up iMac is intended to address the concerns of professional creatives, who until now have been limited to either the consumer 27in 5K iMac or the older Mac Pro, which hasnt been updated since 2013. The new iMac Pro starts with an 8-core Intel Xeon processor, but can be configured with an 18-core processor variant, as well as up to 128GB of EEC RAM, 4TB of SSD storage and Radeon Vega discrete graphics cards with up to 16GB of memory.The 27in machine has the 5K display from the existing 5K iMac, but has four Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports and is capable of pushing up to 44m pixels across three screens. Apple will hope that the iMac Pro will address the concerns of video editors looking to work with 4K or 8K video that need workstation-level power a market that the company has failed to serve for the last couple of years forcing once Apple-only outfits to switch to alternative operating systems and machines. The iMac Pro will start at $4,999 in the US and will be available in December. Apple also updated the standard iMac line with new 7th generation Intel Core i5 and i7 processors, Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports, up to 64GB of RAM and Apples Fusion drives as standard. The 21.5in iMac will come in a standard and 4K screen variant, with Iris Plus 620 graphics and a choice of Radeon Pro 555 and 560 discrete GPUs. The 27in 5K variant will come with Radeon Pro 570, 575 or 580 graphics cards, and were demoed producing live VR content - a new area of exploration for Apple, which has joined with Valve to bring its Steam VR platform for the Mac as well as Unity and Unreal engines.The 21.5in and the 5k iMac hadnt been updated since late 2015 with the Skylake, 6th generation Intel processors the same as those used in the MacBook Pro when it launched in 2016. Advertisement Finally, Apple also updated its MacBook and MacBook Pro line with 7th generation Intel processors, and gave the MacBook Air a specification bump in response to its sustained popularity. When the redesigned MacBook Pro with Touch Bar was launched in October 2016, one of the criticisms of the design was that it used older 6th generation Intel Core i5 and i7 processors rather than the latest 7th generation versions, which were more powerful and more thermally efficient. By updating to the 7th generation Kaby Lake Core i5 and i7 processors, Apple has brought the MacBook Pro line up to pair with rivals from Dell, Razer and HP. But Apple will also hope that the more efficient, newer processors will help it live up to its promises of a 10-hour battery life, of which the 13in MacBook Pro fell well short. Comments Most popular   On Science & Tech ICT Division wins Global mobileGov Award India launches South Asia Satellite Humans must flee Earth within century: Stephen Hawking Millions of Android phones could be tracked with ultrasonic spying tool Uber celebrates 6 months in Dhaka Poll Today's Question » Do you think that the EU cargo restrictions imposed on Bangladesh will have serious adverse impact on the country’s exports?  Yes  No  No Comment All Result Yes 81.0% No 14.3% No Comment 4.8% Most Viewed Poor monitoring plagues edn ministry projects HC rule for compensation of Malibagh flyover collapse victims 280 institutions find no takers Qatar flight ban begins, first efforts seen to resolve crisis Rajuk starts eviction drive at Moudud’s Gulshan residence Video Session fee at English medium schools (03-06-2017) Iftar for poor people (03-06-2017) Cyclone Mora hits coastal areas (30-05-2017) Muhith on budget (30-05-2017) Earning from outsourcing (27-05-2017) More Science & Tech Stories Giving children a smartphone like giving them a gram of cocaine Giving your child a smartphone is like “giving them a gram of cocaine”, a top addiction therapist has warned. Time spent messaging friends on Snapchat and Instagram can be just as dangerously addictive for teenagers as… Einstein's theory confirmed in measure of distant star's mass 1,200 unions enjoy BTCL optical fibre network: Tarana Homo sapiens 100,000 years older than thought: studies Nuclear-wary Japan restarts another atomic reactor Scientists have found a sixth taste sensation India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Science & Tech Travel & Tourism Metro Opinion Environment Health & Life Style Health Cuisine Beauty Fashion Copyright © All right reserved. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Disclaimer & Privacy Policy .................................................... About Us .................................................... Contact Us .................................................... Advertisement .................................................... Subscription Powered by : Frog Hosting The Independent, Bangladesh
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > iOS 11 at WWDC 2017: 11 features that make it Apple's biggest iOS update to date Saurabh Singh   |   @singh_saurabh10 Last Updated: JUN 06, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Contrary to popular opinion, Apple did not render 32-bit apps obsolete, with its all-new iOS 11 update for the iPhone and iPad. At least, not yet. The iOS 11 update which is now available as a Developer Beta Preview will be available for all this fall probably around the same time that Apple announces its next iPhone. Update: iOS 11 beta is out and developers trying it out have now reported that Apple might just have pulled the plug on 32-bit app support in its newest software iteration. Although Apple is yet to make an official announcement, developers on iOS 11 beta, are now reporting about an error message while trying to launch a 32-bit app. The pop-up box clearly mentions that the 32-bit app needs to be updated to work with iOS 11. Moreover, 32-bit apps are also not available when searching in the revamped App Store in iOS 11 beta, according to reports. The iOS 11 update is a giant step for the iPhone and a monumental leap for the iPad, according to Apple. It brings along a slurry of new features -- largely to the iPad -- that build upon the incumbent release creating a user experience that is supposedly a lot better for the end-user than last year's iOS 10. At the same time, iOS 11 lays ground work for the future, in that it "opens up to amazing possibilities for augmented reality in games and apps." Here are 11 major takeaways from Apple's WWDC 2017 keynote that make iOS 11 its biggest iOS update to date. iMessage: At WWDC last year, Apple previewed the new messaging features -- stickers and apps -- for iMessage. This year, it has worked to somewhat redesign the interface, so everything is available in one place without adding to clutter. The new iMessage comes with a redesigned app drawer for apps and stickers, as also the ability to sync better with the iCloud so you can access it across the full range of Apple devices. Apple Pay: Apple Pay -- Apple's mobile payments app -- will support person-to-person payments/transactions in iOS 11. Apple Pay will be integrated in the iMessage app itself, and, would be a one stop shop for sending and receiving money by a mere authentication of the users' fingerprint. Also, iMessage would intelligently notify users to make a transaction within the app itself. Siri: Siri -- Apple's virtual assistant -- will be more useful in iOS 11, according to Apple, thanks to machine learning and artificial intelligence. It will be able to translate languages -- English to Chinese, French, German, Italian and Spanish to begin with -- and will be able to suggest topics based on user behavior. It will be able to learn words from articles you read online or offline, and suggest them when you type or make a calendar appointment based on what you searched on the web. Siri, in Apple Music, will also be able to "answer music trivia questions like "Who's the drummer in this song?" according to Apple. Control Centre: The Control Centre in iOS 11 will see a complete overhaul in that it will be a single page affair as opposed to spanning multiple home screens in the incumbent iteration. The redesigned Control Centre will put all the controls you need in one place, and not three, as also provide more granular controls to them with Apple's 3D Touch functionality. Also, the lock screen and notification center will become a single entity in iOS 11. "To get to all your notifications, just pull it down like a cover sheet from the top of the screen. At a glance, you can see both your recent and missed notifications in one place," according to Apple. Maps: Maps in iOS 11 will offer detail floor maps of malls and airports, as well as offer lane guidance -- and speed limits -- while the user is driving. Speaking of driving, the iOS 11 will also bring in a handy do not disturb while driving feature to the iPhone and iPad. Camera: iOS 11 will introduce new codecs for video and still/live images so they will be met with up to two times better compression while saving storage on the iPhone and iPad, according to Apple. Live photos will be able to trimmed, as also support new loop, bounce and long exposure effects. Also Apple is offering its depth API for Portrait Mode -- for the iPhone 7 Plus -- so developers can make apps around the functionality. Files and Dock for iPad: Yes, iOS 11 will bring a file manager to the iPad, but not the iPhone. The file manager app, called simply the Files, will be able to better organise how things are inside your iPad. "Not just the ones on your iPad, but also those in apps, on your other iOS devices, in iCloud Drive and across other services like Box and Dropbox," according to Apple. The new Dock -- available from any screen -- will meanwhile allow users to open and switch apps instantly. It will be customisable as well. iOS 11 will also introduce a split view drag and drop functionality to allow users to drag and drop files between two open apps in split view on the iPad. Apple Pencil: iOS 11 in the iPad Pro will support Instant Markup. "Now you can mark up a PDF or screenshot faster and more easily. Step one, pick up your Apple Pencil. Step two, touch it to the screen. Step three, start writing," according to Apple. Also, it will bring in the ability to take notes directly from the lock screen by simply tapping on it with the Apple Pencil. Notes: "The new Document Scanner in Notes automatically senses and scans a document, crops the edges and removes any tilt or glare," according to Apple. App Store: Apple has redesigned the App Store from ground up -- for the iOS 11 update -- so that apps are easily discoverable. The redesigned App Store will come with separate tabs for apps, games and today's featured apps. Also, there will be a separate slot for in-app purchases. ARKit: "ARKit is a new framework that brings augmented reality to hundreds of millions of iOS devices by allowing developers to easily build unparalleled AR experiences," according to Apple. Pretty soon, users will be able to engage in AR-experiences on their iOS 11 running devices because Apple has just rolled out a developers kit for ARKit for them to design apps around the new platform. Eligible devices and availability: The iOS 11 update will be rolled out this fall -- which means sometime around September -- for the iPhone -- starting from the iPhone 5S -- the iPad -- starting from the iPad Mini 2 -- and the iPod -- starting from the sixth generation -- probably around the same time that Apple announces its next iPhone. Also Read: WWDC 2017: Apple's iOS may finally get a file manager tonight, Apple store now down Also Read: WWDC 2017: Apple announces iMac Pro, confirms it's working on redesigned Mac Pro For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech Samsung Galaxy Note 8 rumour roundup: Dual camera, curved 4K display and no physical home button Recommended Reviews Yu Yureka Black review: Sleek, fast, and super shiny Sennheiser HD 2.30 review: Compact design, laidback sound but wow factor missing Nokia 3310 (2017) review: A phone for old times' sake Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Oppo F3 review: Buy it for its superb selfie camera VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaDo not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results . Apple event highlights the rise of the smart speaker Chris Keall Tuesday June 6, 2017 3 Share Photographers get a first look at Apple's HomePod smart speaker at the company's WWDC in San Francisco this morning (Apple) Play NBR radio on Apple’s WorldWide Developer’s Conference this morning had got a lot stronger buzz on social media than some of its recent events. I could see the attraction. A lot of that hardware and software looked great … but some of it was also overdue, perhaps reminding investors Apple is behind rivals in a couple of key areas. The event took place while the Nasdaq was still open; Apple shares closed down 0.99% (the broader index was down 0.16%). Apple’s biggest announcement was the HomePod, a speaker with a built-in virtual assistant (Siri) that will sell for $US349 from December. The Wall Street Journal says Amazon has already sold $1 billion worth of product in its Echo smart speaker range, which utilises the company’s virtual assistant Alexa. Google Home is nipping at its heels. About 36 million Americans will use a voice-enabled speaker at least once a month this year – more than twice as many as a year ago – according to eMarketer, a market-research firm (and it will be mostly Americans. Amazon and Google’s smart speakers are only sold inside the US, though quite a few Kiwis have DIY-imported one or the other. Both get good marks for coping with the Kiwi accent). I’m watching a bit of US television at the moment (via Hulu on Apple TV), and Amazon Echo and Google Home ads are on very high-rotate. Sales seem to be taking off, and you can see why Apple is keen to get into this area as smartphone sales plateau. While Amazon and Google promote their speakers as butlers – you can ask them a question or order a service – basically, anything you can do via voice commands on your smartphone, Apple seems to be pitching HomePod as the smart speaker that sounds good, too. Respected US reviewer Harry McCracken says it does sound pretty good for a speaker of its size too – at least in Apple’s demo. Apple-Amazon truce Although the two companies will soon be at war in the speaker market, they seem to have reached a detente on other fronts. Apple said today that there will soon be an Apple TV app for Amazon’s Prime Video service (the new home of the show formerly known as Top Gear). And although there has been no official announcement, US media says Apple products will return to Amazon’s home page, after a two-year absence, as a quid pro quo. Apple Music a big business WWDC also saw the announcement that the Apple Music service now has 27 million paying subscribers — up from 20 million in December and 13 million a little more than one year ago. $US9.99 (cheapest monthly plan) x 27 million subs = $US270m per month or around $US3.2 billion per year. And that's on top of however many songs Apple sells through iTunes. The music business is alive an well — just in differences that it used to be. Read more from Chris Keall Email Chris: ckeall@nbr.co.nz Follow @@ChrisKeall 3 · Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Apple Technology Google Amazon Related Articles:  Paid content Android creator launches his own phone Wed 31 May 17 3 Another headache for Sky as Amazon launches Prime in New Zealand Thu 15 Dec 16 16 Apple regains top spot in New Zealand smartphone shipments Fri 10 Mar 17 Post Comment 3 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified #1 by J R  2 days ago Great to see they've released Airplay 2 with multi room. If ever there was a product category where Apple should stick to their ethos of being premium, it is speakers. Life is too short for crappy sounding music. Reply Share Share   0 0 #2 by The Horse 2 days ago This will go nicely with Theresa May's demands for built-in backdoors for security agencies and total surveillance of UK citizens. Just the thing. Reply Share Share   0 0 #3 by GrumpyKiwi 17 hours ago It's a speaker. It's not even properly stereo. Completely underwhelmed. Reply Share Share   0 0 Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7213 0.0026 0.36% AUD 0.9565 0.0033 0.35% EUR 0.6431 0.0045 0.70% GBP 0.5584 0.0038 0.69% HKD 5.6252 0.0236 0.42% JPY 79.4180 0.4290 0.54% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1293.2 -7.550 2017-06-07T00: Oil Brent 48.4 -1.890 2017-06-07T00: Oil Nymex 46.0 -2.340 2017-06-07T00: Silver Index 17.6 -0.090 2017-06-07T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7473.7 7473.7 7467.9 -0.12% NASDAQ 6311.7 6311.9 6297.4 -0.09% DAX 12688.5 12740.4 12672.5 0.23% DJI 21169.8 21204.8 21173.7 0.08% FTSE 7478.6 7489.7 7478.6 -0.24% HKSE 25974.0 26070.0 25974.2 0.34% NI225 20048.3 20061.2 19984.6 -0.38% ASX 5667.2 5679.1 5667.2 0.17% Most Popular Read Entrepreneur visa attracts 300 applicants from around the world in first year, Woodhouse says Equity crowdfunders want retail investment cap lifted Airline group unhappy at Auckland Airport's pricing reset Media and advertisers facing ongoing industry disruption, PwC says ‘Its time has come’ – Seymour on End of Life Choice bill Commented Government looks at special purpose vehicles to fund Auckland Council to support housing US Secretary of State defends US withdrawal from Paris climate agreement Govt, Akl Council investigate peak hour traffic tolls to cut congestion KiwiRail board backed diesel engines to keep freight customers, Bridges says Online advertising: Vodafone says it will blacklist sites that run hate speech or fake news Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Auckland Airport’s Adrian Littlewood justifies its pricing reset There are risks for businesses and investment in NZ from the latest global tax crackdown, says tax partner Brendan Brown ACT's Seymour speaks about his End of Life Choice Bill after it was pulled from the ballot James Comey’s statement sure to stoke curiosity at upcoming Senate testimony, on Trump’s Beltway NBR Radio: best of the week ended June 2, with Grant Walker Only available on Previous article Why go with a multinational for cloud services? Microsoft man makes his case Next article Opinion: Renewed call on encryption ban Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Apple event highlights the rise of the smart speaker
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Vianney le Masne New leak gives us a better look at the iPhone 8’s awesome redesign Yoni Heisler @edibleapple June 5th, 2017 at 5:47 PM Share Tweet Apple may have done a decent job of keeping WWDC and iOS 11 rumors to a minimum, but it’s having a much tougher time keeping iPhone 8 leaks at bay. In fact, it seems as if we can’t even go a full 2-3 days without stumbling across a brand new iPhone 8 leak. Just this past weekend, a Foxconn insider divulged a boatload of information about upcoming Apple products, including the highly anticipated iPhone 8. In case you missed it, the leak revealed that the iPhone 8 will come with wireless charging, 3GB of RAM, fast-charging functionality, and last but not least, a Touch ID sensor on the front side of the device. Not too worry, those leaked schematics which showcase an iPhone design with a Touch ID sensor on the back will not be hitting store shelves this Fall. Don't Miss: New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project The latest iPhone 8 leak centers on a new dummy model of the device that recently surfaced at Computex 2017 in Tapei. The leak seemingly corroborates a number of previous reports involving the iPhone 8, namely that the majority of the front-facing display will consist of one giant piece of glass. The only area that won’t be composed of a display will feature the earpiece and a number of front-facing cameras designed for facial recognition purposes. And while we’ve seen mockups before, the dummy images below give us an even crisper look at what the final iPhone 8 design is going to look like. According to Engadget, the dummy models pictured below are based off of information a case maker “independently obtained” about the final iPhone 8 design. It’s worth noting that the design above mirrors what the aforementioned Foxconn leaker claims the iPhone 8 will look like. Although nothing is ever guaranteed until Tim Cook trots out on stage and announces a new product, it appears that the iPhone 8 is largely shaping up to be the radical redesign of the iPhone form factor we’ve all been patiently waiting for. Aside from a brand new form factor and the features mentioned above, the iPhone 8 will reportedly also feature improved water resistance, improved battery life, and support for advanced augmented reality functionality. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Deals Amazon’s 20 top daily deals: Sonos speakers, Ring Video Doorbell, mesh Wi-Fi, Alexa plug, more 2 Politics Watch live streaming video of James Comey’s testimony before Congress right here 3 Tech One of the hottest iOS 11 features will force you to buy a new iPhone 4 Tech There’s good and bad news about one of Apple’s most exciting MacBook announcements 5 Deals This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch Picked For You The iPhone 8’s design is probably final, and Samsung couldn’t be happier By Chris Smith 1 day ago NASA’s new Mars rover is completely insane By Mike Wehner 16 hours ago The new iPhone 7s won’t have one of the iPhone 8’s best new features By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles News iOS 11 New Features: Translation for Siri, Indoor Mapping in Apple Maps, Do Not Disturb While Driving  Tasneem Akolawala, 06 June 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Siri to get new visual interface and predict follow-up questions It can now translate English to a few specific languages instantly Apple Maps also brings speed limits and lane guidance with iOS 11 iOS 11 was the biggest highlight of the announcements Apple made at WWDC 2017, and will bring several new features to iPhones and iPads when it releases this fall. Of course, there were announcements related to tvOS 11, watchOS 4, and macOS High Sierra 10.13, as well as new hardware in the form of the new iPad Pro tablets, the refreshed MacBook and iMac line, the all-new iMac Pro, and the HomePod smart speaker. But it was iOS 11 that stole the show, with announcements related to Siri, redesigned Control Centre, and several other features. iOS 11 particularly brings many changes, including Siri upgrades. Siri gets the ability to translate speech, the voice gets more neutral for both genders, the interface becomes more visual, and a whole lot more. Additionally, iOS 11 also brings a ‘Do Not Disturb While Driving’ feature, and also introduces indoor mapping and other improvements to Apple Maps as well. Here's an in-depth look at some of the features iOS 11 will bring to iPhones and iPads.   Siri improvements on iOS 11 Starting with Siri, iOS 11 brings a new voice for both genders in order to make it sound more neutral. Siri will also be doing something Apple likes to call ‘on-device learning’. This allows Siri to send you predictive notifications, and give you follow-up questions based on what you asked right now, with increased context sensitivity. Siri will learn all of this based on what you search and browse on your iPhone. The company claims that this learning is end-to-end encrypted, and remains solely to take advantage on your synced devices. The on-device learning that evolves Siri into a more personal assistant can be accessed on all Apple devices that are synced by you.   Siri on iOS 11 also gets a new visual interface that is more pleasing to the eye. One big addition is speech translation and you can now tell Siri something in English and ask it to translate it in one of the supported languages. Siri will then speak the sentence in the specified language instantly. This is a very handy feature especially when travelling to countries that don’t speak your native language. For now, translation will be available from English to Chinese, French, Italian, and Spanish, and more will added in due course of time. Apple opens up Siri even more for developers to give them more freedom and tools like doing task management and more with iOS 11. The final release will be rolled out in September when the new iPhone models are launched. Do Not Disturb While Driving Apart from Siri improvements, iOS 11 also brings a nifty feature called ‘Do Not Disturb While Driving’. What this does is that it does not give you any notifications, and keeps your screen blank till the time you’re driving. It even sends automated text replies to senders alerting them that you are driving. You can unblock few users from this feature and get notifications from them if you prefer. Apple determines you’re driving using a Bluetooth connection or Wi-Fi Doppler, and automatically activates this feature. However, you can exit this mode if you want to at any time you prefer. Apple Maps gets better Apple Maps is also getting brand new features with iOS 11. This includes adding speed limits, lane guidance, and even indoor mapping. Indoor mapping will essentially show you the internal trajectory of a public space, and Apple is first introducing it to malls and airports in specific cities. Malls will be updated in around eight cities including Chicago, Hong Kong, New York, and Tokyo. Airports will be updated at around 30 cities including Chicago, Hong Kong, New York, Tokyo, Boston, London, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, San Francisco, San Jose, and Washington DC. We discussed everything Apple announced at WWDC 2017 on Orbital, our weekly technology podcast. You can subscribe to it via Apple Podcasts or RSS or just listen to this episode by hitting the play button below. For the latest tech news and reviews, follow Gadgets 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel. Tags: Apple, iOS 11, Siri, Siri Translation, APple Maps, Apple Maps Features, iOS 11 Features Tasneem Akolawala Email Tasneem When not expelling tech wisdom, Tasneem feeds on good stories that strike on all those emotional chords. She loves road trips, a good laugh, and interesting people. ... More BlackBerry Downplays Toyota's Use of Rival Software India Wants Apple to Create Jobs in Exchange for Tax Breaks: Report iOS 11 New Features: Translation for Siri, Indoor Mapping in Apple Maps, Do Not Disturb While Driving     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Huawei Y7 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) ZTE V870 Oppo R11 Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch) 2017 Wi-Fi + Cellular Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch) 2017 Wi-Fi Apple iPad Pro (10.5-inch) Wi-Fi + Cellular Apple iPad Pro (10.5-inch) Wi-Fi LG X500 Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 8.0 ZTE Nubia Z17 Motorola Moto Z2 Play Asus Zenpad 3S 8.0 Asus Zenpad 10 Asus Zenpad 10 Yu Yureka Black Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 10 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Moto Z2 Play Xiaomi Redmi 4 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Nokia 3310 (2017) Xiaomi Mi 6 Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi 3s Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Xiaomi Redmi 4X Apple iPhone 6 OnePlus 5 Mi Max 2 Nokia 6 Tech News in Hindi Moto Z2 Play लॉन्च हुआ भारत में, जानें कीमत आ रहा है Reliance Jio 4जी फ़ीचर फोन, स्पेसिफिकेशन और कीमत लीक iPhone 6 हुआ सस्ता, फादर्स डे के मौके पर फ्लिपकार्ट ने दिया ऑफर Latest Videos 03:01 iOS 11 First Look 01:06 Corsair One Compact Desktop PC First Look 00:59 Gigabyte Aero 14, Aero 15 First Look 22:32 Protect Yourself From Ransomware 04:26 Fight WannaCry With These Tips More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Destiny 2 Not Releasing On Steam Is the Best Thing for PC Gamers Akhil Arora Twin Peaks' Return Is Even More 'Lynchian' in the Era of TV Auteurs Gopal Sathe Cord Cutting Is Finally a Realistic Option in India Advertisement Advertisement Recent Siri Far Behind Alexa and Google Assistant, Says Ex-Apple Employee iPhone 8, iPhone 7s Plus Schematics Leaks Tip Design Details Chinese Smartphone Maker iVoomi to Expand Manufacturing Capacity in India Nokia 6, Nokia 5, Nokia 3 India Launch Set for June 13 Nokia 9 Could Have a 6GB RAM Variant Too, Benchmark Listing Tips Assassin’s Creed Origins Setting and Editions Leaked Here Are the Apple Design Awards Winners for 2017 Britney Spears' Instagram Photo Hid a Russian Malware Link in Plain Sight Uber Using Loophole to Avoid UK Tax, Undercut Rivals Xbox Scorpio Release Date Possibly Revealed in E3 2017 Teaser More News TRENDING OnePlus 5 Will Sport 8GB of RAM, Amazon Source Code Reveals Flipkart Offers iPhone 16GB at Rs. 21,990 in Father's Day Promotion OnePlus 5 May Cost Much More Than Previous OnePlus Offerings Reliance Jio 4G VoLTE Feature Phones' Specifications, Price Leaked Moto Z2 Play With Moto Mods Support Launched in India Nokia 6, Nokia 5, Nokia 3 India Launch Set for June 13 Siri Far Behind Alexa and Google Assistant, Says Ex-Apple Employee iPhone 8, iPhone 7s Plus Schematics Leaks Tip Design Details Xiaomi Redmi 4A to Go on Sale in India Today iPhone 7 Now Available at a Discount on Amazon India Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved. MESSAGE Tasneem Akolawala Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000        
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 08/06/2017 20:42:12 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   world-news Last update 10:49 | 06/06/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Apple debuts HomePod speaker to bring Siri into the living room Apple Inc (AAPL.O) on Monday introduced the HomePod, a voice-controlled speaker that can make music suggestions and adjust home temperatures, taking aim at Amazon.com Inc's (AMZN.O) Alexa feature and Echo devices. Members of the media photograph a prototype Apple HomePod during the annual Apple Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California, U.S. June 5, 2017.  The move is the first into a completely new area by Apple for more than two years as the world's most valuable technology company looks to make up for a dip in iPhone sales and new ways to get customers to use more of its money-making apps and services. Apple's Siri assistant will be integrated into the $349 speaker, and can make music recommendations that pair with the company's Apple Music service, send text messages, check news and sports scores and control compatible home gadgets like lightbulbs and thermostats. HomePod users may initially be constrained by Siri's lack of capabilities as compared to Alexa, which also boasts the ability to order millions of Amazon products as well as food from restaurants like Domino's. Apple is expected to announce plans this week to make its Siri voice assistant work with a larger variety of apps, but initial changes were expected to add just a small number of capabilities. The HomePod speaker stands just under seven inches (18 cm) tall and is covered in fabric mesh that will come in white or gray. A computer processor will tune sound to the room and beam specific parts of music, like a singer's voice, toward the listener. Apple will begin shipping the HomePod to the United States, Britain and Australia in December. The speaker, while expected by some industry watchers, marked Apple's first new product announcement since the Apple Watch in September 2014. As a music-playing device, it will also be a challenger to Sonos, whose wifi-controlled speakers are used by many smartphone users for home entertainment. The Cupertino, California-based company said Siri, which also competes with Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google Assistant, will now work across devices. A new Siri interface on the Apple Watch will also blend users' calendar information with other useful details, like airline tickets they may have booked, the company said. Apple shares closed down 1 percent at $153.93, not far below the all-time high set last month. AUGMENTED REALITY Apple also used its annual developer meeting in San Jose, California - its largest ever with some 5,000 people attending - to offer hints about so-called augmented reality technology. The technology, a feature of the wildly successfully smartphone game Pokemon Go, overlays digital information on real-world images and is seen as an area in which the keenly awaited 10th-anniversary iPhone can stand out from competitors. New indoor maps of areas like malls and airports indicated that Apple might be laying groundwork to display information over images of those places in the future. The company also rolled out tools for developers to create augmented reality applications for iPhones and iPads. To show the tools off, Apple invited Wingnut AR, the company formed by "Lord of the Rings" director Peter Jackson, on stage. Source: Reuters Apple, HomePod speaker, Siri, living room   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Childhood cancer survivors have fewer long-term side effects: study Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims After London attack, Facebook says aims to be 'hostile environment' for terrorists Dollar dented by jobs miss, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued In shadow of deadly attacks, British election campaign resumes Exclusive: Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August - sources 'Wonder Woman' gets movie spotlight, with high expectations EU proposes rule to link road charges to CO2 emissions 'Felicity,' 'The Americans' actor Keri Russell gets Hollywood star     Top Stories The hidden rich - who are they? Atomic energy generating billions of USD Vietnam should not aim to become industrial power: economist Foreign investors rush to buy stake in Vietnamese businesses What’s happening in the retail banking market? Vietnam seeking solutions to industrial waste Vietnam's aging population expected to work longer in future STEM education experiencing growing pains in Vietnam Vietnam still seeks Chinese tourists despite ongoing problems Education Ministry gives recognition to more foreign degrees Latest News Winners of Taiwan Excellence awards showcase products at Vietnam ICT Comm 2017 HCM City launches digital traffic app Mobile World, Viettel ink co-operation to develop 4G State-owned banks to be allowed to keep dividends VN 2017 growth below mark: WB LienVietPostBank senior official returns after dismissal Hospital director suspended after eight dialysis deaths Vietnam placed 6th in 2017 Global Retail Development Index National Assembly tackles bad debts draft Four million blue swimmer crabs released off Phu Quoc Island     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Home Opinion India Cities Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports Cricket Football Features Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Menu Home Opinion India Cities + Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business + Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment + Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports + Cricket Football Features + Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives + India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Trending Now #IranAttack #QatarCrisis #LondonAttack #BabriMasjid #CattleBan #ChampionsTrophy #NarendraModi #SachinABillionDreams #GST #KulbhushanJadhav Home / Technology News / Apple WWDC 2017: From iOS 11 to Amazon prime, everything you need to know Apple WWDC 2017: From iOS 11 to Amazon prime, everything you need to know — By Agencies | Jun 06, 2017 09:54 am FOLLOW US: San Jose (California), Apple on Monday launched a bunch of refinements in its all four platforms — tvOS, watchOS, macOS and iOS — at this year’s annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) with iOS 11, watchOS 4 and updates to its Mac line of desktops and notebooks. The event started with Apple CEO welcoming the audience at the 15th WWDC in San Jose, the heart of Silicon Valley where Apple is building its new campus. Before making the announcements, Cook said that this year “it is going to be the best and biggest WWDC ever.” Amazon’s video app He announced that Amazon’s video app will come to Apple’s TV streaming box later this year. The app will let users stream all the Amazon original hits. Soon after the announcement Amazon tweeted, “You asked (a lot). We listened. Amazon Prime Video is coming to the TV App and all Apple TVs this year.” Watch OS4 Apple also announced that watchOS 4, the next version of its smartwatch platform, will be arriving in September. It includes new features for watchfaces, such as complications updating based on time of day or location and a new Siri-based watchface. The Siri watchface uses machine learning to determine what information is most useful to you at a given point in time. Other new watchfaces include a kaleidoscope and new characters such as Woody, Jesse, and Buzz from the Toy Story movie franchise. WatchOS 4 will also bring updates to the watch’s fitness tracking, including a new user interface for the workout app and new integrations with gym equipment manufacturers. Apple said that watch wearers will be able to link their devices with the gym equipment through NFC. MacOS Next up in tech is Apple’s new version of macOS is called High Sierra which is launched with new Safari browser. Apple said that it is the fastest browser ever with features like autoplay blocking, intelligent tracking prevention that uses machine learning to block irritating content. Apple also brought file system and virtual reality (VR) to High Sierra. The tech titan also announced updates to its entire MacBook line giving its laptops more powerful specifications in the form of the latest Intel chips. MacBook Pros will be shipped with Intel’s Kaby Lake processors and faster SSDs. The company also launched a new configuration of the 13-inch MacBook Pro without a Touch Bar that starts at a cheaper $1,299. The newly updated MacBook laptops are now available. Apple also showed a sneak peek into a new all-in-one desktop called the iMac Pro. Called as “the most powerful Mac ever, the new product will be available from December starting at $4,999. The new machine will come with an 8-core Xeon processor, with configurations that scale up to an 18-core Xeon processor and an all-new AMD Radeon Vega graphics GPU, up to 16GB of VRAM and up to 4TB for SSD storage. iOS11 Cook also launched iOS 11 with over 10 new features. He said that iOS 10 had nearly 96 per cent satisfaction with 86 per cent iPhone users installing the update as compared to only seven per cent Android users who installed Android Nougat – the latest version of Google’s operating system. The new iOS will now synchronize messages across iOS and macOS automatically. If a user erases a message on your iPhone or iPad, that will be reflected on the Mac as well. Improved Siri Apple also made improvements to Siri including making the assistant’s voice sound more natural when responding to users. Siri will now be able to perform translations in various languages including English, Chinese, French, German, Italian and Spanish. Share this Post: « Previous Article Haryana: Woman gang-raped, daughter thrown off moving auto Next Article » How to go through human love to divine love- The Mother Tagged with: Amazon prime on apple tv and ios ios 11 iPhone iphone ios mac os new ios update for iphone new update for iphone tvOS watch os JUST ARRIVED I still do stammer sometimes, says Sooraj Pancholi Krystle D’Souza single until no bling Robin’s General Antiope in Justice League Ed Sheeran’s guitar to the rescue DU ranked among top 10 universities in India EDITOR’S PICK Firing on farmers black mark for MP government The BJP has reason to be worried at the way the agitation by farmers seeking loan waiver is shaping up.… Modi meeting Trump soon ‘to get to know him’ Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s proposed quick, ‘no-frills’ visit to the US on a ‘get to know Trump’ mission from June… Can PSUs help improve government’s balance sheet? The government is caught between a rock and a hard place. It wants to create jobs through massive spending on… Ragtag coalition a match for Modi? While pollsters and political pundits have been busy evaluating three years of BJP in the Central saddle, it is equally… Another milestone in India’s satellite mission It is indeed a matter of deep satisfaction that the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle-Mark 3 D1 (GSLV-Mark III), which was… Home About Us Authors Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with us Archive RSS © Copyright Indian National Press (Bombay) Private Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Tuesday, Jun 6, 2017 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korea German Portuguese HomeOpinionsBusinessMilitaryWorldSocietyCultureTravelScienceSportsSpecial CoveragePhotoVideo English>> Apple introduces smart compact music speaker (Xinhua)    08:11, June 06, 2017 Apple's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Tim Cook attends Apple's Wolrdwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California on June 5, 2017. (Xinhua Photo) SAN FRANCISCO, June 5 (Xinhua) -- Apple Inc. introduced Monday a music speaker, its first hardware since Apple Watch was rolled out two years ago, at an annual gathering of software developers. To be "smart," the latest product in Apple's portfolio, known as HomePod, comes with a A8 microprocessor chip, the same power engine in the company's flagship iPhone smartphone and iPad tablet computer. To be available on the market in December this year, the compact wireless speaker has some identical functions offered by similar products made by other companies, such as Amazon Echo, but promises to produce sound with higher quality. HomePod is deemed a more expensive competitor of Echo, which was released two years ago. Meanwhile, at a San Jose venue in Northern California, Apple's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Tim Cook opened the Worldwide Developers Conference, or WWDC, with announcement that Prime Video, a video streaming service that is operated by Amazon.com, will be integrated into Apple TV, a digital media player and microconsole. In addition, Cook said Apple, headquartered in Cupertino, Northern California, now has 16 million registered software developers worldwide for its consumer electronics, including smartphone known as iPhone, and 3 million of them were added last year. He claimed this year's WWDC is the largest of the kind for the technology company. At the event, a parade of executives unveiled updates to Apple's hardware, software and mobile applications, or apps, including iMac desktop computer, MacBook laptop machine, iPad, Apple Watch, iOS software operating system and App Store. The company said its App Store has so far paid out 70 billion U.S. dollars to developers, of which 30 percent was made last year. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook)(Web editor: Hu Ximeng, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. We Recommend Top 10 Chinese tech and engineering marvels Chinese footwear tycoon brings jobs, economic benefits to Ethiopia China develops reusable spacecraft for manned lunar missions More ‘agile fleets needed’ to tackle sea challenges Delivery boy becomes the third richest man in China China to build 30,000 new kilometers of railway before 2020 Absence of regulations casts shadow on China’s booming UAV industry China's place on world governance index sets unique example for developing countries Expectations high for China-Vatican relations in 2017 Most Read 1 Bitcoin mining companies face shutdown in southwest China 2 Op-Ed: Trump is right, fake news is the enemy, something Ch… 3 Faster and cheaper: World’s first driverless rail transit s… 4 A Foreigner’s Chinese Dream and Love for China 5 Lionel Messi attends press conference of Messi China Tour i… Top 10 The power of 'She' in China Seven most beautiful art museums in China Top 10 European patent applicants in 2016 Chasing the world's prettiest flowers Popular on Global Times US’ Asia strategy ‘unclear’ China steps up clean energy generation efforts London attack exposes gaps in anti-terror effort Horrible effects of global warming Hot News Blind man, armless man pledge to rebuild after 10,000-tree crop is devastated by flood China's opposition to THAAD is justified, sufficient More economists upbeat about China's Q1 growth: survey Pit Bull Shot Dead After Attacking Owner The miracle called Communist Party of China Nude pics as IOU: a new, risky online loan among Chinese university students Key Words Xi JinpingSCOCPCSouth China SeaAIIBDPRKChinese New Year Links: Beijing TodayCRI EnglishSINA EnglishGlobal TimesChinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show ChinaChina Human RightsChina XinjiangTibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi JournalWomen of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions News Alert: Live video: Ex-FBI Director James Comey testifies Business Apple unveils 'HomePod' speaker, its first new product in years The iMac Pro was revealed and touted as the most powerful Mac ever. (June 5, 2017) The iMac Pro was revealed and touted as the most powerful Mac ever. (June 5, 2017) Michael Liedtke and Barbara OrtutayAssociated Press Privacy Policy Apple nodded to several up-and-coming technology trends, unveiling a new "smart" home speaker and device features touching on virtual reality, online privacy and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The "HomePod" speaker unveiled Monday is similar to devices from rivals, some of which have been on the market for years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. It is the first new device Apple has announced in almost three years. It unveiled the Apple Watch in September 2014. Apple "can't afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people's homes to Amazon, Google and others," said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That's especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more "pervasive" way that's less dependent on smarthphones, he said. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google's Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. KEEPING IT REAL WITH VR New iMacs unveiled Monday at Apple's annual conference for software programmers are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for development virtual-reality "experiences." But Apple is late to the game on VR. Samsung and Google already have VR systems centered on their smartphones. Facebook, HTC and Sony have high-end VR systems, too. Virtual reality has been described as the next big thing for decades. But so far, interest has been strongest among gamers, developers and hardware makers rather than everyday users. Apple's entry into the market could change this. Its entry into digital-music sales with iTunes, and into the smartphone market with the iPhone, upended those industries and gave them mass appeal. NEW IPHONE FEATURES New features coming to iPhones and iPads include messages that sync to Apple servers in the cloud. These devices will only keep the most recent messages in local storage. For photos, Apple is turning to a "high efficiency" format to replace the widely used JPEG standard. Although the format is not exclusive to Apple, it's not yet clear how well the photos will work with non-Apple software and devices, which mostly use JPEG. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. MAC GETS AN UPGRADE Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the latest operating system for Mac computers. Called High Sierra, it recognizes more faces automatically, which should make it easier to organize photos, and will offer more photo editing tools. Safari, Apple's web browser, seeks to make users' online experience smoother and less annoying. It will allow users to automatically block auto-play videos by detecting videos that shouldn't be playing when you open a webpage to read an article, for example. The browser's new "intelligent tracking prevention," meanwhile, will use machine learning to identify and block digital-ad trackers in order to keep advertisers from following and profiling users. It will not block the ads themselves, though. SIZING UP THE IPAD Apple is introducing an iPad Pro in a new size in an attempt to revive interest in its once hot-selling line of tablets. The new 10.5-inch model offers room for a full-size keyboard, something the 9.7 inch model couldn't. Yet it isn't as bulky as the 12.9-inch model. With consumers less interested in buying new tablets, Apple has increased its focus on designing tablets for professionals to do much of the same work that they usually perform on a laptop computer. It's also what Microsoft is targeting with the Surface Pro; a new model comes out on June 15. The new iPad Pro also comes with a better camera — the same one found in the iPhone 7 — along with more storage, a better display and faster refreshing of moving images. The new model starts at $649 and will start shipping next week. WATCH THE WATCH Apple is also updating the operating software for its Apple Watch, including new watch faces, more personalized alerts that use machine learning to tailor information to you based on your routines and tastes. It also enhanced its workout app to, for instance, support high intensity interval training. It will also be possible to exchange data between gym equipment and the watch. In a nod to Amazon streaming fans, Apple is also bringing Amazon Prime to its Apple TV app. Ortutay reported from New York Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Apple Inc. Apple Watch Apple TV Microsoft Tim Cook Apple updates from Worldwide Developers Conference News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 79°
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Friday, June 09, 2017 As of 12:00 AM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology Apple iMac 2017 Australian pricing and release details: All-new line-up is the best yet By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on June 06 2017 3:06 PM 0 0 0 0 The fresh batch of Apple iMacs sport powerful new components and features. Apple Apple has finally decided to update its desktop line-up. The company launched the iMac 2017 models together with an all-new Pro variant. The fresh batch of all-in-ones sport powerful new components and features. Apple made a surprise unveiling of its new iMac line-up at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on Tuesday. There wasn’t much buzz surrounding the desktop line in the weeks leading to the five-day event. Previous reports also indicated that only the company’s laptop roster was getting a revamp, so the all-in-ones’ refresh is certainly great news. “With major updates to iMac, and a refresh of our MacBook and MacBook Pro lines, the Mac is stronger than ever,” said Apple vice president of hardware engineering John Ternus. “Today, iMac gets a huge graphics performance increase, faster CPU performance, Thunderbolt 3 and a brighter Retina display with support for 1 billion colours.” The new iMac equips faster Kaby Lake chips up to 4.2 GHz with Turbo Boost up to 4.5 GHz. It also has support for up to double the memory that its predecessor can handle. The 27-inch variants and the top-of-the-line 21.5-inch model now also come with Fusion Drive while SSD storage options run up to 50 percent faster. The new Apple iMac Pro sports a 27-inch Retina 5K display and packs up to 18-core Xeon chipsets and up to 22 teraflops of graphics computation.  Apple The major addition to Apple’s desktop line, though, is the iMac Pro. The completely new space grey workstation-class variant made for professionals is the most powerful Mac yet. It sports a stunning 27-inch Retina 5K display and packs up to 18-core Xeon chipsets and up to 22 teraflops of graphics computation. Check out each iMac 2017 model’s specifications and Australian pricing below. All variants are now available to order. The iMac Pro is set to ship in the US in December for US$4,999, which is about AU$6,689. The actual price, however, will likely be higher than that when it arrives in Australia. 21.5-inch iMac with 2.3 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor | $1,599 1 TB Storage Turbo Boost up to 3.6 GHz 8 GB of 2,133 MHz memory, configurable to 16 GB 1 TB hard drive Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 Two Thunderbolt 3 ports 1,920 x 1,080 sRGB display 21.5-inch iMac with 3.0 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor | $1,899 1 TB Storage Turbo Boost up to 3.5 GHz 8 GB of 2,400 MHz memory, configurable to 16 GB 1 TB hard drive Radeon Pro 555 with 2 GB of video memory Two Thunderbolt 3 ports 4,096 x 2,304 P3 Retina 4K display 21.5-inch iMac with 3.4 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor | $2,199 1 TB Storage Turbo Boost up to 3.8 GHz 8 GB of 2,400 MHz memory, configurable up to 32 GB 1 TB Fusion Drive Radeon Pro 560 with 4 GB of video memory Two Thunderbolt 3 ports 4,096 x 2,304 P3 Retina 4K display 27-inch iMac with 3.4 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor | $2,699 1 TB Storage Turbo Boost up to 3.8 GHz 8 GB of 2,400 MHz memory, configurable up to 32 GB 1 TB Fusion Drive Radeon Pro 570 with 4 GB of video memory Two Thunderbolt 3 ports 5,120 x 2,880 P3 Retina 5K display 27-inch iMac with 3.5 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor | $2,999 1 TB Storage Turbo Boost up to 4.1 GHz 8 GB of 2,400 MHz memory, configurable up to 64 GB 1 TB Fusion Drive Radeon Pro 575 with 4 GB of video memory Two Thunderbolt 3 ports 5,120 x 2,880 P3 Retina 5K display 27-inch iMac with 3.8 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor | $3,449 2 TB Storage 3.8 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor Turbo Boost up to 4.2 GHz 8 GB of 2,400 MHz memory, configurable up to 64 GB 2 TB Fusion Drive Radeon Pro 580 with 8 GB of video memory Two Thunderbolt 3 ports 5,120 x 2,880 P3 Retina 5K display iMac Pro | US$4,999 (AU$6,689) 1 TB SSD, configurable to 2 TB or 4 TB SSD 8-core, 10-core or 18-core Xeon processor Turbo Boost up to 4.5 GHz, up to 42 MB cache 32 GB of 2,666 MHz DDR4 ECC memory, configurable to 64 GB or 128 GB Radeon Pro Vega 56 graphics processor with 8 GB of HBM2 memory, configurable to a Radeon Pro Vega 64 graphics processor with 16 GB of HBM2 memory Four Thunderbolt 3 ports Four USB 3 ports 27-inch 5,120 x 2,880 P3 Retina 5K display with support for billions of colours (500 nits brightness) MORE APPLE NEWS: Apple MacBook 2017 Australian pricing and release details: New batch is Kaby Lake-infused Apple Car news: iPhone maker tests self-driving tech on Lexus SUVs [VIDEO] Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple CEO tests Apple Watch with blood sugar monitor; Future model could pack several health features iPhone 8 could have Touch ID under an edge-to-edge display; Apple granted over 50 new patents Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Crowdfunding, millennial buyers and higher mortgage rule real estate in 2017 0 Shares 2 The Essential Phone vs Apple iPhone 7 0 Shares 3 Sam Heughan supports young actors in Scotland 0 Shares 4 London attack: US ambassador praises London Mayor Sadiq Khan following Trump’s diss 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ fans get a chance to play dress up 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Assistant Director wraps filming 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3 to reveal if this character cheated 0 Shares 8 ‘Poldark’ season 3 spoilers: Elizabeth will put baby at risk 0 Shares 9 ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Darth Vader suit piece 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Heahmund is on the show for a particular reason, says Jonathan Rhys Meyers 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Airline heads lay out alternatives to laptop bans First-home buyer activity in NSW to surge on July 1: CoreLogic Foreign investors to endure doubled taxes as NSW supports the 'Australian dream' Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Aldi offers cheaper grocery basket than Woolworths, Coles and IGA: Choice Coles says food and grocery prices must come down further More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Rafael Nadal on Dominic Thiem: 'He has huge potential to tap' 2017 NBA Draft: Josh Jackson has 'strong supporters' within Lakers organisation Accused of 'tanking,' Novak Djokovic considering a break after shocking French Open ouster 2017 French Open: Rafael Nadal just two wins away from 10th Roland Garros title LeBron James on 2017 Warriors: 'Most firepower I've ever seen' 2017 French Open: 'Garbage man' Andy Murray never expected to reach semis More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More MacBook Pro 2018 possibly armed with 30-percent more Intel chip power Tesla Model 3 leaked feature worry experts Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Steam sale: Pay only US$1.99 for 10 games with the Cryptic Bundle 7 Acer Predator Triton 700 gaming laptop specs, price and release details Apple rolls out second beta of near-perfect iOS 10.3.3 More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'DC's Legends of Tomorrow' cast gets a feisty nerd hacker in Tala Ashe ‘Outlander’ season 3 spoilers: Turtle soup, Print shop and coconuts ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Snoke’s artifact 'Silicon Valley' Season 4 episode 8 'The Keenan Vortex' spoilers 'Better Call Saul' Season 3 episode 9 'Fall' spoilers ‘Poldark’ season 3: Eleanor Tomlinson to answer fan questions More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 08/06/2017 17:20:09 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   world-news Last update 11:31 | 06/06/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Amazon-Apple TV deal shows tough road to cooperation for tech rivals A deal bringing Amazon Prime Video to Apple TV, announced on Monday at Apple Inc's developer conference after years of talk, shows how competitive tensions among Silicon Valley titans can stand in the way of serving customers. Tim Cook, CEO, speaks about Amazon during Apple's annual world wide developer conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California, U.S. June 5, 2017.  The logic of linking Apple TV, a device for watching television over the internet, with Amazon.com Inc's booming video-streaming service looks obvious. Apple needs great video to sell its TV player. Amazon needs places to stream its TV shows so that people sign up for its Prime club to watch them - and buy more toilet paper, too. Viewers want to watch their favorite programs on whatever device they choose. Yet Monday's announcement, rather than being routine, was the result of a negotiation stretching back at least to 2015 when Amazon stopped selling Apple TVs on its retail site. Amazon had explained that move by saying it wanted to avoid confusing customers who would expect Prime Video to be on devices sold by Amazon. Critics instead saw a negotiating tactic to get Prime Video onto the Apple device, and a prod for people to buy Amazon's competing Fire TV players. "Whenever these companies try to freeze each other out, the consumer always loses," said Paul Verna, an analyst at research firm eMarketer. Amazon and Apple declined to comment on how their differences have affected customers. The companies said Amazon shows will be available on Apple TV later this year, but did not specify a date. Streaming is not the only example where a spat between Apple and Amazon limited customer choice. Amazon's popular voice-controlled speaker, the Echo, can be told to play songs from an Amazon music account or even Spotify, but not from Apple Music. Amazon's Kindle app for Apple's iPhone lets people read but not buy books, which must be purchased directly from Amazon's website. According to former Amazon employees, the company at times brings in tangential business concerns as leverage in negotiations. "The outcomes of these deals may factor into future conversations," said Scott Jacobson, a former Amazon manager and now managing director of Madrona Venture Group. It was not clear how Amazon and Apple came to terms on the video player. Analysts estimate that the ascendance of Prime Video gave Amazon a better starting point for negotiations. Its shows and films have started winning awards, including three Oscars in 2017. The internet video player with most market share, Roku, not only offers Prime Video but has a smaller price tag than Apple TV. "It put Apple TV at a big disadvantage," said Alan Wolk, lead analyst for TV industry publication TV[R]EV. Amazon declined to comment on whether it will again sell Apple TVs. Source: Reuters Amazon-Apple TV deal, cooperation, tech rivals   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Apple debuts HomePod speaker to bring Siri into the living room Childhood cancer survivors have fewer long-term side effects: study Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims After London attack, Facebook says aims to be 'hostile environment' for terrorists Dollar dented by jobs miss, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued In shadow of deadly attacks, British election campaign resumes Exclusive: Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August - sources 'Wonder Woman' gets movie spotlight, with high expectations EU proposes rule to link road charges to CO2 emissions     Top Stories The hidden rich - who are they? Atomic energy generating billions of USD Vietnam should not aim to become industrial power: economist Foreign investors rush to buy stake in Vietnamese businesses What’s happening in the retail banking market? Vietnam seeking solutions to industrial waste Vietnam's aging population expected to work longer in future STEM education experiencing growing pains in Vietnam Vietnam still seeks Chinese tourists despite ongoing problems Education Ministry gives recognition to more foreign degrees Latest News Winners of Taiwan Excellence awards showcase products at Vietnam ICT Comm 2017 HCM City launches digital traffic app Mobile World, Viettel ink co-operation to develop 4G State-owned banks to be allowed to keep dividends VN 2017 growth below mark: WB LienVietPostBank senior official returns after dismissal Hospital director suspended after eight dialysis deaths Vietnam placed 6th in 2017 Global Retail Development Index National Assembly tackles bad debts draft Four million blue swimmer crabs released off Phu Quoc Island     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Apple unveils macOS High Sierra with faster Safari, improved Mail, Photos and more Apple officially announced latest version of its desktop operating system for its computers called as High Sierra at ongoing WWDC 2017. It offers an all-new file system, support for High-Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC) and an update to Metal, Apple’s graphics technology that powers everything from machine learning to virtual reality content creation. macOS High Sierra also includes a number of refinements to the Photos, Safari and Mail apps. The latest macOS gets Apple File System (APFS) feature that offers faster file duplication and even brings native encryption, improved security, simplified data backup on the go. It even protects data from power outages and system crashes and keeps files safe. Up next is improved Safari, which Apple claims is now the fastest browser. The new Safari will now uses machine learning to identify advertisers and others who track your online behavior. It features autoplay blocking that detects sites that play videos and will pause them. The Mail has also been improved with supports for Top Hits search, making it easier to find emails during search. It also gets Split View Mail Compose that lets you split window pane between the compose interface and other applications. Photos are also updated with an addition of a persistent sidebar, as well as a new dropdown for filtering content. They also get better organization, looped Live Photos, and new Memories categories. A number of UI tweaks, new editing tools have also been included in Photos. High Sierra gets support for HEVC (H.265) that enables video streaming and playback of 4K video files that are up to 40 percent smaller than with the current H.264 standard. macOS High Sierra adds support for VR content creation for the first time. Final Cut Pro X will add support for professional 360-degree workflows with the ability to import, edit and export 360-degree video. Finally macOS High Sierra gets Metal 2 features a refined API and improved performance that help developers accelerate their apps. It adds support for machine learning used in speech recognition, natural language processing and computer vision. An External Graphics Developer Kit gives developers all the hardware and software they need to optimize their apps. macOS High Sierra is now available to developers and will be available for public later this year. "Apple unveils macOS High Sierra with faster Safari, improved Mail, Photos and more", 5 out of 5 based on 6 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using OnePlus 3T but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on June 6, 2017Categories Apple Post navigation Previous Previous post: Apple introduces iOS 11 with new Files app, Enhanced Siri, Voice Translation, Unified Control Center and more Next Next post: Apple iMacs updated with brighter Retina displays, 7th-generation Kaby Lake processors and more Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Moto Z2 Play Photo Gallery Moto Z2 Play launched in India, WhatsApp to get message recall feature and more – FoneArena Daily OnePlus 3 and 3T OxygenOS 4.1.5 update brings new features, optimizations and bug fixes Facebook launches disaster maps to help relief organizations after natural calamities WhatsApp for iOS v2.17.30 and later to get message recall feature soon Honor 8 Lite Battery Life Test Apple Design Awards 2017 winners for best apps and games announced Apple Watch with micro LED display expected ‘as soon as 2018’ Huawei Y7 Prime with 5.5-inch display, Snapdragon 435, fingerprint sensor, 4000mAh battery announced Moto Z2 Play with 5.5-inch 1080p display, Snapdragon 626, Android 7.1 launched in India for Rs. 27999 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Thursday, 08 Jun 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Thursday, 08 Jun 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Technology   Apple debuts HomePod speaker to bring Siri into the living room Share Tweet Apple debuts HomePod speaker to bring Siri into the living room Apple will begin shippi­ng the HomePo­d to the United States, Britai­n and Austra­lia in Decemb­er By Reuters Published: June 6, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email A prototype Apple HomePod is seen during the annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California, US. PHOTO: REUTERS Apple on Monday introduced the HomePod, a voice-controlled speaker that can make music suggestions and adjust home temperatures, taking aim at Amazon.com Inc’s Alexa feature and Echo devices. The move is the first into a completely new area by Apple for more than two years as the world’s most valuable technology company looks to make up for a dip in iPhone sales and new ways to get customers to use more of its money-making apps and services. Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple’s Siri assistant will be integrated into the $349 speaker, and can make music recommendations that pair with the company’s Apple Music service, send text messages, check news and sports scores and control compatible home gadgets like lightbulbs and thermostats. HomePod users may initially be constrained by Siri’s lack of capabilities as compared to Alexa, which also boasts the ability to order millions of Amazon products as well as food from restaurants like Domino’s. Members of the media photograph a prototype Apple HomePod during the annual Apple Worldwide Developer Conference. PHOTO: REUTERS Apple is expected to announce plans this week to make its Siri voice assistant work with a larger variety of apps, but initial changes were expected to add just a small number of capabilities. The HomePod speaker stands just under seven inches (18 cm) tall and is covered in fabric mesh that will come in white or gray. A computer processor will tune sound to the room and beam specific parts of music, like a singer’s voice, toward the listener. Apple will begin shipping the HomePod to the United States, Britain and Australia in December. Apple HomePod will go on sale in December at $349. PHOTO: REUTERS The speaker, while expected by some industry watchers, marked Apple’s first new product announcement since the Apple Watch in September 2014. As a music-playing device, it will also be a challenger to Sonos, whose wifi-controlled speakers are used by many smartphone users for home entertainment. The Cupertino, California-based company said Siri, which also competes with Alphabet Inc’s Google Assistant, will now work across devices. A new Siri interface on the Apple Watch will also blend users’ calendar information with other useful details, like airline tickets they may have booked, the company said. Apple shares closed down 1 percent at $153.93, not far below the all-time high set last month. Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing announces the new Apple HomePod during the annual Worldwide Developer Conference . PHOTO: REUTERS Augmented Reality Apple also used its annual developer meeting in San Jose, California – its largest ever with some 5,000 people attending – to offer hints about so-called augmented reality technology. The technology, a feature of the wildly successfully smartphone game Pokemon Go, overlays digital information on real-world images and is seen as an area in which the keenly awaited 10th-anniversary iPhone can stand out from competitors. Apple launches new app for Instagram and Facebook New indoor maps of areas like malls and airports indicated that Apple might be laying groundwork to display information over images of those places in the future. The company also rolled out tools for developers to create augmented reality applications for iPhones and iPads. To show the tools off, Apple invited Wingnut AR, the company formed by “Lord of the Rings” director Peter Jackson, on stage. Read more: Apple , HomePod , Latest Read full story Recommended Stories Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa The company is expected to announce plans next week to make Siri voice assistant work with larger variety of apps Apple unveils updated iPad at lowest-ever price New model starts at 32 GB of storage and replaces iPad Air 2 Apple and Nokia settle patent dispute and sign new deal A previous patent license contract between the companies expired last year, and both sides took legal action Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Saudi ad censors woman, replaces her with inflatable ball 2 Deepika Padukone body shamed on social media for controversial photo shoot 3 Girl forced boyfriend to kill himself so she could become 'grieving girlfriend' 4 12 dead in attacks on Iran parliament, Khomenei's mausoleum in Tehran 5 5 adorable things Kareena Kapoor Khan has said about her son Taimur 6 Govt set to increase property valuation rates by up to 30% 7 A talk show host tried to prank Shah Rukh Khan and his response was NOT GOOD 8 Pakistani model Diya Ali inching closer to Miss World dream 9 Govt announces three-day Eid holiday 10 New car manufacturing plants face delay Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (June 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) More in TechnologyNew app helps Mali skin doctors reach out to distant patients © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 44 mins S&P 500 2,431.82 -1.32 (-0.05%) Dow 30 21,192.60 +18.91 (+0.09%) Nasdaq 6,290.76 -6.62 (-0.11%) Apple just announced a medium-sized iPad Pro with the best display ever Todd Haselton CNBC June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple just announced the iPad Pro 10.5-inch. Apple said it's the first iPad to support HDR video, a high-end viewing experience that's typically reserved for first-class TV sets. It features a TrueTone display that adjusts its brightness and tone depending on your environment to make it easier on eye strain. Its A10X CPU features 30 percent faster processor performance than the A9X and 40 percent faster graphics performance. In general, that means expect faster app loading times and improved gaming performance. It'll also support Apple's Smart Keyboard accessory and the Apple Pencil, just like Apple's other "Pro" iPads. Apple introduced the first 12.9-inch iPad Pro in September 2015 — it went on sale in Novembe r — when it also introduced the Apple Pencil and Apple's Smart Keyboard. It followed the 12.9-inch iPad Pro with the launch of the smaller 9.7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016. It will run iOS 11 which has new features including a file browser for searching for files, a dock at the bottom that allows you to keep more icons on the screen at once, drag and drop features, multi-tasking with multi-windows and more. Apple said the 12.9-inch iPad Pro and 10.5-inch iPad Pro will start with 64GB of storage. The 10.5-inch model will start at $649. It's available to order Monday and will start shipping next week. They'll be upgraded to iOS 11 this fall. More From CNBC Here are the six big announcements Apple just made Apple just unveiled HomePod, a $349 competitor to Amazon's Echo Apple launches peer-to-peer payments to take on Square, PayPal and Venmo Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Apple's new dark gray keyboard and mouse are beautiful, but you'll have to buy a $5,000 computer if you want them Business Insider LeBron James made the Cavs watch an inspirational Steve Jobs speech before their epic comeback in the 2016 NBA Finals Business Insider Apple quietly added a feature everyone wanted in iOS 11, and it just caught up to Android in a big way Business Insider After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider This is why intel leaders wouldn't talk to the Senate today CNBC This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Wall St. opens little changed; Comey awaited Reuters Trump Impeachment Process Set to Begin As Democrat Al Green Files Articles Stephen: The democrats are amusing. With all the problems facing the country, they want to spend their time chasing their tails. The left needs a dose of reality. 1. Trump is president 2. Trump will not be impeached 3. The election will not be done over If democrats continue on the path they are on, they will make history by being a minority party that actually loses seats in the mid-term elections. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5.3k
  Go Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Guardian Life Guardian TV Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Technology  |  Gadgets   Apple ‘HomePod’ speaker to take on Amazon, Google By AFP   |   06 June 2017   |   4:31 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email SAN JOSE, CA – JUNE 05: A prototype of Apple’s new HomePod is displayed during the 2017 Apple Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) at the San Jose Convention Center on June 5, 2017 in San Jose, California. Apple CEO Tim Cook kicked off the five-day WWDC with announcements of a a new operating system, a new iPad Pro and a the HomePod, a music speaker and home assistant. WWDC runs through June 9. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images/AFP JUSTIN SULLIVAN / GETTY IMAGES NORTH AMERICA / AFP Apple on Monday unveiled its “HomePod” speaker as it moved to challenge Amazon Alexa and Google Home as a smart home and music hub. HomePod, powered Apple’s Siri digital assistant, will be priced at $349 when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain, the tech giant announced at its annual developers conference. “It’s so cool, we really believe it is going to take your home music experience to the next level,” Apple chief executive Tim Cook said of the new device. HomePod will taking Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have been building momentum in the market for voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. HomePod is designed to work with the Apple Music subscription service and can produce rich sound while tapping into the artificial intelligence power of Siri. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the Siri team at Apple had tuned the assistant into a “musicologist” that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the internet cloud. The speaker has the “power to rock the house,” according to Schiller, who said the team worked to make HomePod an potent assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. – Playing to strength – HomePod capped a keynote presentation at Apple’s Worldwide Developer Conference that included updates to its iPad and Mac laptop lines, and upgraded operating software enabling augmented reality for iPhones and iPads. Analysts said Apple is playing to its strength in the music industry by focusing on sound quality and its catalog of songs available on HomePod. “Apple is smart to frame the HomePod as a music-centric and audio-centric device rather than just another smart speaker or another home for Siri,” said Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson. “The fact that Apple is claiming to marry really great and smart audio with a smart assistant and cloud music service makes this device unique in the market so far.” Some industry insiders, however, note that Apple will be under more pressure to improve the computing smarts of its Siri software in the face of offerings from rivals Google and Amazon. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home and 5.6 percent for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. – Macs and iPads – Cook used the Apple keynote to show off new iPad and Mac computer models, as well as provide glimpses at coming versions of the software powering the technology titan’s devices. Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi said the next Mac operating system will be named “High Sierra” in tribute to the California mountain range. High Sierra features will include being able to stop unexpected videos from starting to play automatically when landing on web pages and “intelligent tracking prevention” that will prevent ads from following people about the internet. High Sierra will be released later this year as a free update, according to Federighi. Along with upgraded versions of iPad and Mac laptops, Apple provided look at an iMac Pro work station that had the computing built in behind the screen and was touted as the most powerful computer the company has ever made. The iMac Pro was to begin shipping in December with a starting price of $4,999. Apple told the developers they were overhauling the App Store, giving it a fresh look, and beginning to add the floor plans of shops and airports to its mapping program. Apple also released a software kit so developers could infuse augmented reality into applications for iPhones or iPads. Given the hundreds of millions of Apple mobile devices in use, that will create the largest augmented reality platform in the world “overnight,” executives said. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: AmazonAppleGoogleHomePodTim Cook You may also like Android creator’s phone startup raises $300 Million 10 hours ago  Technology Uber workplace probe extends to handling of India rape case 10 hours ago  Technology Pinterest raises $150 million at 2015 share price 10 hours ago  Technology Science ministry unveils locally made electronic voting machine 1 day ago  Technology Operators doubt 80% Internet penetration target 1 day ago  Technology Over one million females IN! 1 day ago  Technology More   Latest Sampaoli banking on Messi for World Cup revival 45 mins ago  Sport Bahrain says it too will jail Qatar sympathisers 57 mins ago  World Kabul voices alarm as anti-govt protesters expand sit-in camps 1 hour ago  World Man City complete move for Ederson 1 hour ago  Sport Arsenal join race to sign Real Madrid star 1 hour ago  Sport More   Communication NIRA board reinstates Domainking.ng to registrars' fold 2 Jun   Tizeti unveils unlimited internet service reseller programme 2 Jun   Rack centre readies for increased data hosting demand 2 Jun   Medallion eyes four cities expansion, NSE 26 May   Zinox Commends FG for Executive Order on Local Content 26 May   Top Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News National Africa World Business Opinion Talks From the Street Fashion Sport Entertainment Entertainment News Music Comedy Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Home About Us Advertise With Us Terms |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Smartphones iOS 11: Full list of compatible devices due to get the update The beta update is already available for developers, while the general public is slated to get it by end of June. By Agamoni Ghosh June 6, 2017 06:01 BST The iOS 11 on iPad and iPhoneApple Apple released the first developer preview of its brand new operating system for iPhones, iPads and iPod touch systems, the iOS 11. The preview with its key features was showcased at the WWDC 2017, Apple's annual software developer conference. Starting from 5 June, iOS 11 preview will be available to all registered Apple developers and a public beta program will be available to all compatible iOS users later this month at beta.apple.com. Take a look at the full list of compatible devices that are due to get the iOS 11 update to check if your Apple device makes the cut: iPhones iPhone 5S iPhone SE iPhone 6 iPhone 6S iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6S Plus iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPads iPad Air iPad Air 2 iPad Mini 2 iPad Mini 3 iPad Mini 4 iPad 5th Gen iPad Pro 9.7-inch iPad Pro 10.5-inch iPad Pro 12.9-inch iPod Touch iPod Touch 6th Gen One of the most popular models of the iPhone, the iPhone 5 is missing from the list of compatible devices. Moreover only select models such as iPhone SE, iPhone 6 and later, iPad Pro, iPad 5th generation, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3 will be able to use the Apple Cash feature, which will initially be limited to users in the US. On updating to the iOS 11, these devices will automatically lose support for 32-bit apps. Apple has been warning developers about phasing out support for 32-bit apps. The final version of iOS 11 will be released sometime in September, most likely onboard the iPhone 8 series of phones. More from IBTimes UK Apple updates iPhone to help curb texting while driving Apple reveals how iPhone owners can soon send money to each other in text messages iOS 11: How to find which apps are incompatible with the upcoming software version Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Arms: Nintendo Switch event announcement trailer Columnists Alex Taylor “I have only cried twice over my disability – once from bullying, the other after my PIP assessment READ MORE Tumblr users who share revenge porn could be named and shamed Microblogging site ordered to reveal names of over 500 users who... Kodi's Phoenix add-on shuts down after losing piracy battle XMBC favourite shuttered after US network pursues major add-ons for... Samsung employee allegedly stole 8,500 phones to pay gambling debts Disabled employee allegedly used his wheelchair to swipe 8,500... Scientists discover 2D magnet that could lead to new information technologies The researchers found the magnetic properties of chromium triiodide... Hero Mission: Chinese Overwatch clone turns Winston into a panda and McCree into a woman Overwatch is out now for PS4, Xbox One and PC. Bruce Schneier on dangers of IoT: 'We're building a world-sized robot that's getting more powerful' 'Security guru' claims governments will rule the internet of things,... Error in Amazon's home page sends some customers to dog photo instead of product page The reason behind of the error remains unclear. This Android malware downloads on its own and is targeting users in the US and Europe Users are advised not to download apps from outside the Play Store. Uber's Travis Kalanick now meditates in company's lactation room amid ongoing crises 'This is part of the change coming,' Uber board member Arianna... Paxman on privacy: 'Do you think anyone is really interested in your sex lives? They're not.' Paxman is used to grilling politicians, but can he handle... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 UK Election Special Live updates as polls open and Britain chooses Brexit government About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 6 June 2017 | MYT 12:42 PM Apple puts Siri helper at centre of growing home-tech empire The HomePod will take Siri from iPhones into more homes and turn it into more of a hub for Apple’s other products and services. — Reuters Apple Inc’s first major new product for two years, the HomePod speaker, marks the biggest effort yet from the technology company to use its Siri digital assistant to keep customers wedded to a growing palette of products and services.  The smart speaker works by talking to an updated Siri that better understands music-related requests, Apple said during its Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California.  “Apple is a company that deeply cares about music and wants to deliver an audio experience in the home,” Apple chief executive officer Tim Cook said in an interview with Bloomberg’s Emily Chang. “We feel like we reinvented that in the portable player area, and we think we can reinvent it in the home as well.”  Cook and other Apple executives showed off several additional new Siri functions, highlighting how the company has been working to catch up with similar offerings from Alphabet Inc and Amazon.com Inc.  “It’s clearly about the hardware but also making Siri more obvious to consumers so you can see where she’s getting smarter,” said Carolina Milanesi, an analyst at Creative Strategies. “Apple today was much more focused on talking about it.”  Amazon’s Echo, introduced in 2014, helped put the e-commerce giant’s Alexa virtual assistant in millions of homes, while Alphabet’s Google Home serves as a new voice-based gateway to the search company’s services. The HomePod will take Siri from iPhones into more homes and turn it into more of a hub for Apple’s other products and services.  “For us it’s not about being first,” Cook said in the interview. “It’s about being the best and giving the user an experience that delights them every time. And so we don’t let that impatience result in shipping something that’s just not great.”  WWDC is Apple’s annual pitch to software engineers to continue building programs for the iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple Watch. Many of those apps are sold via the App Store, which was revamped, and Apple gets a cut of all those sales. Cook is aiming to double services revenue, which also includes products like iCloud and Apple Music, to around US$50bil (RM212.85bil) by 2020.  At US$349 (RM1,485), the HomePod is more expensive than the most-expensive Amazon Echo – the US$230 (RM979) Echo Show – and the Google Home, priced at US$129 (RM549). But it’s a lot cheaper than the iPhone, which starts at US$649 (RM2,762) and is currently the main way people access Siri.  Apple pitched its speaker as primarily a music device, saying it links tightly with the company’s Music streaming app, which brings in US$10 (RM43) in revenue per user each month. Users will also be available to control smart home products such as connected lighting by speaking to Siri through the HomePod.  Consumer spending on smart home related products and services will reach nearly US$90bil (RM383.13bil) this year and reach US$155bil (RM659.81bil) by 2022, according to consultant Strategy Analytics. Amazon dominated shipments in the three months through December, selling 88% of the 4.2 million smart speakers sold globally in that period.  Siri was also front-and-centre of Apple’s machine-learning, a type of artificial intelligence that helps software adapt to data and recognise patterns automatically.  “We want powerful machine learning to be easier to use in your apps,” software chief Craig Federighi said as he unveiled a toolkit that allows developers to use Apple’s AI technology.  For instance, if a contact sends you a request for money, Siri will immediately surface the new Apple Pay feature in your messages which allows you to make person-to-person payments, a challenge to PayPal Holdings Inc.’s similar Venmo system. Siri also has a new screen in the Apple Watch which presents data and information that may echo earlier behaviour at a similar time of day or the week.  Based on what you read in Apple News, words you type into messages or content you search for in the Safari web browser, Siri will make suggestions in other apps. Federighi highlighted stories about Iceland after a search in Safari for holidays to the island.  Apple has made a series of augmented reality acquisitions over the past three years, and the first major fruits of those deals were presented on June 5. Developers are being given tools to place 3D images of objects in the iPhone camera’s field of view. Cook has long been bullish about the prospects for augmented reality, and Apple is working on smart glasses, people familiar with the plans have said.  Executives also unveiled new MacBooks, iMacs and iPads at the conference, which for the past three years has focused exclusively on software. Last year’s confab saw Siri opened up to third-party developers for the first time. Apple’s deep community of developers helps it compete against Google and Amazon.  Cook said on June 5 the company now has 17 million registered developers, three million more than a year earlier. — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested EU seeks to expedite police requests for data from tech firms Ikea to try selling through third party websites Do you need libel insurance for your tweets? Trailer: Ronaldo spearheads FIFA 18 push 5 superpowers that makes mum a hero 6 places you must visit in your lifetime Others Also Read Sweet smell of success for airport shopper Double win for AirAsia at World Travel Awards Russia rebuffs Poland's criticism it mishandled 2010 air crash bodies advertisement Latest News Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Most Viewed in Tech Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Ikea to try selling through third party websites Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with borderless display could land by September Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Apple’s two futures: VR is for desktop, AR is for mobile Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Is Facebook CEO Zuckerberg making a run for the White House? Grab likely to seek funds, eyes financial services Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > Apple announces iOS 11 with updates Control Center, App Store, and more Apple announces iOS 11 with updates Control Center, App Store, and more June 5, 2017 Alex Wagner 4 Comments Today Apple held its WWDC 2017 keynote, and as expected, the company took the wraps off of iOS 11. iOS 11 is the next major update for Apple’s mobile operating system, and there are some big changes included. For example, Apple Pay will now support person-to-person payments, letting you send money to your friends. You can send money in Messages or use Siri, and you can pay using the debit or credit cards you’ve got in your wallet. When you pay someone, it’ll be stored on an Apple Pay Cash account, and that money can be used for Apple Pay payments or transferred to a bank account. Another big update coming with iOS 11 is to Control Center. The updated Control Center will offer quick controls to features like Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, orientation lock, music controls, and more on one page. You can also 3D Touch on a Control Center button to access even more information and controls. iOS 11 is bringing with it a major App Store refresh, too. The new App Store will look similar to Apple Music, complete with stories and editorial content. The new Today tab will show new apps for you to check out as well as interviews with developers and app tips, and there will be dedicated tabs for Games and Apps for you to view new releases and top charts. The iPad will be a major focus of iOS 11, and Apple is making its tablet a much better device for professional use. The update will add a customizable dock for quick access to your favorite apps, a redesigned app switcher, the ability to drag and drop content between your running apps, and a new Files app that’ll let you manage the files on your device and in the cloud. This includes support for iCloud Drive as well as third-party services like Dropbox, Box, Google Drive, and more. There are lots of other smaller improvements coming in iOS 11, too. Apple Maps is gaining indoor maps for airports and malls as well as speed limit info and lane guidance for driving, HomeKit will let you control speakers thanks to AirPlay 2, and Apple Music will offer profiles and support for following your friends to help you discover new music. Photos will get better with Portrait Mode improvements and smaller photo and video sizes using HEIF and HEVC formats, and a new Do Not Disturb While Driving feature will let your iPhone automatically detect when you’re driving and silence notifications. Apple is also making a major augmented reality play in iOS 11 with ARKit, which will help developers bring better AR experiences to iOS devices. Developers can also look forward to SiriKit improvements that’ll let them integrate Siri into apps like to-do lists and reminders, and MusicKit that’ll let devs integrate Apple Music into their apps. iOS 11 will be available as a developer preview today, and public beta testers will be able to get at it later this month. The public iOS 11 release will happen this fall. Sources: Apple (1), (2) Tags: Apple, iOS, iOS 11 About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Arsenal, beer, video games. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← T-Mobile kicks off iPhone 7 storage upgrade, free iPhone SE deals T-Mobile Galaxy S6 and S6 edge to get Android 7.0 updates this week → IThoughtAsAChild Scratching the shill out of my head trying to figure out how this is considered a “big” update… “The updated Control Center will offer quick controls to features like Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, orientation lock, music controls, and more on one page. You can also 3D Touch on a Control Center button to access even more information and controls.” Not familiar with Apple, is this something it lacks already? Mike McDonald I’m interested in knowing if the new LTE carrier aggregation & MIMO will be supported in the new iPads. This is the listing: LTE Advanced (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 11, 12, 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 38, 39, 40, 41) Would tis simply be software/firmware or does the chipset need to be enabled? steveb944 If they didn’t support it on release, it never will as the hardware isn’t capable. I think only their phones have it if anything. steveb944 Useless. I was hoping for more in the business side as I’m forced to use iOS at work. All I see is a bunch of Android widgets. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog Is a 3.5mm headphone jack a requirement for you? Amazon discounting SanDisk microSD cards and other memory products today only Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ receiving updates on Sprint and T-Mobile I'm glad Apple is taking distracted driving seriously OnePlus 3T and OnePlus 3 getting OxygenOS 4.1.5 with system push notifications, bug fixes, and more Coral Blue Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ reportedly coming to the US T-Mobile will begin selling new 10.5-inch, 12.9-inch iPad Pro models next week Android And Me OnePlus sending OxygenOS 4.1.5 update Fresh Meat: 10 new Android apps worth Amazon offering deals on SanDisk memory Samsung said to be bringing Coral Blue OnePlus 5 image leak shows off design Google rolling out June update for Nexus The OnePlus 5 will be unveiled on June TodaysiPhone Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s Australian banks officially denied right iPhone 7 will now be officially available iFixit teardown finds that new low-cost Apple Pay now launching in Taiwan with App Store approval now rejecting applications Apple released a number of security About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps Features Why Apple Is Struggling to Become an Artificial Intelligence Powerhouse  Elizabeth Dwoskin, The Washington Post, 06 June 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit In 2011, Apple became the first company to place artificial intelligence in the pockets of millions of consumers when the firm's co-founder Steve Jobs launched the voice assistant Siri on the iPhone. Eight years later, the technology giant is struggling to find its voice in AI. Analysts say the question of whether Apple can succeed in building great artificial intelligence products is as fundamental to the company's next decade as the iPhone was to its previous one. But the tech giant faces a formidable dilemma because the nature of artificial intelligence pushes Apple far out of its comfort zone in sleekly-designed hardware and services.   AI programming demands a level of data collection and mining that is at odds with Apple's rigorous approach to privacy, as well as its positioning as a company that doesn't profile consumers. Moreover, Apple's longstanding penchant for secrecy has made the company less desirable in the eyes of potential star recruits, who hail from the country's top computer science departments and are attracted to companies that publish research. WWDC 2017: Apple Launches 10.5-Inch iPad Pro and Refreshes 12.9-Inch Model; India Launch Later This Month "Artificial intelligence is not in Apple's DNA," said venture capitalist and Apple analyst Steve Munster. "They understand that in the future, every company is going to become an AI company, and they are in a particularly tough spot." At Apple's annual developer's conference on Monday - the same event where Jobs introduced Siri - the company's efforts to become an AI powerhouse were on display as executives launched a new standalone smart speaker and touted features meant to boost Siri's chops and to power AI applications on Apple products. "Machine learning" - an AI buzzword that describes a form of ultra-fast, complex computer data analysis and statistical modeling - was repeated throughout the 2.5 hour presentation, delivered to an audience of roughly 6,000 developers here. Siri will now use machine learning to predict the times of a morning commute - or scan the travel news as you are reading it on the company's Safari browser and then suggest related activities, such as booking a reservation. She will use machine learning to talk with you and help you sort through music through a new $349 home automation device, HomePod. She will automatically organise your photos into albums, like "2nd Anniversary," without you giving her any context about the pictures. There was even a new software toolkit, CoreML, that will allow for faster processing of large amounts of data collected during machine learning applications. (It's six times faster than Google's rival AI processor, an executive quipped). WWDC 2017: New iMac Models With Intel Kaby Lake Announced; iMac Pro Unveiled But Monday's announcements come as other technology companies have released similar innovations and have already spent billions on the burgeoning AI arms race. Many are placing their bets on artificial intelligence, ranging from software that one day may be smart enough to chat back and forth like a human, or computer vision that identifies real-world objects so well it can power the first fully-functioning self-driving car. That has put Apple in the disadvantaged position of trying to lead in an area where it has fallen behind - and where the effort cuts against the core aspects of the company's secretive culture. "This is a substantial shift for Apple," said Daniel Gross, a former executive who focused on artificial intelligence. "The internal focus is on building great products, not publishing papers." Ten years after launching the iPhone, Apple is on the hunt for another blockbuster product that can take its place. Sales of the iPhone propelled Apple to become the most valuable company in the world and still account for more than half of the company's revenues, which were $215.6 billion in 2016. But last year, purchases of the company's iconic smartphone dropped for the first time, suggesting that the market for high-end smartphones is finally saturated. Apple Unveils App Store Redesign with Today, Apps, and Game Tabs at WWDC 2017 "The difference between last year's iPhone and this year's iPhone is going to be much smaller than the difference between the first and second iterations of the iPhone. ... So that s-curve is starting to flatten out," said Benedict Evans, a mobile expert and partner at the Silicon Valley venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, using an industry term for exponential increases in innovation. "Then you have the next transformative technology, that isn't here yet." Apple did not respond to repeated requests for interviews and comment. Apple's launch of HomePod, which will go for sale for $349 later this year, comes several years after Amazon and Google released their own automation devices, the Echo and the Google Home, which send consumers' spoken queries back to their servers in California for analysis. Google, Tesla, Uber, and others have been testing self-driving vehicles on public roadways for several years; Apple received its first permit to begin testing just two months ago. Before Monday's updates, the Siri assistant was still mostly a glorified web search that could tell the occasional pre-programmed joke. Now Apple is racing to catch up. Last October, the company hired Russ Salakhutdinov, a Carnegie Mellon professor whose expertise is in an area of artificial intelligence known as "deep" or "unsupervised" learning, a complex branch of machine learning in which computers are trained to replicate the way the brain's neurons fire when they recognize objects or speech. Salakhutdinov is a protege of Geoffrey Hinton, perhaps the world's top researcher in this area. Like Salakhutdinov, who divides his time between Carnegie Mellon and Apple, Hinton divides his time between Google and the University of Toronto. Building ties to academic superstars not only helps to improve products, but becomes a key recruiting tool, said Richard Zemel, director of the Vector Institute for Artificial Intelligence and a professor specializing in machine learning at the University of Toronto. "You used to not see people with Apple name badges at conferences, and now you do," Zemel said. In December, Apple presented and published its first academic paper in artificial intelligence at an industry conference. Another paper has been accepted to a prestigious computer vision conference and will be published in July, Salakhutdinov said in an interview. Salakhutdinov said he was not authorized to discuss his work at Apple in any detail. Zemel, who told Bloomberg two years ago that Apple was "off the scale" in terms of secrecy, and that such secrecy was keeping them out of loop on major developments in the field, now said that the Cupertino giant was "making some changes." "But it's going to take some work," he added. Researchers at elite universities said in interviews that Apple was still not the top choice for their computer science graduates - Google, Facebook, and Amazon were by far the top picks - but that the company was moving up in the rankings. Apple's forays into AI have also been slower than its peers because it's been reluctant to embrace the data-mining practices of rivals Google and Facebook, experts said. The company has spent considerable resources building additional layers of privacy when it did so. Unlike Google and Facebook, which are primarily advertising companies that collect massive amounts of intimate data to profile their users, Apple believes in limiting the amount of user data it collects. At a previous developer's conference, executives bragged that the company did not build user profiles. Tim Cook has positioned the company as the anti-Google. But that stance against data collection becomes a problem if you are building artificial intelligence, researchers say. A home device must collect and analyze people's speech in order to improve the way the device can speak to humans, for example. For Siri to be smart, she needs to collect and interpret data from other applications, such as your calendar, your restaurant reservations, and, now, your browsing. Last year, as Apple began to embrace artificial intelligence on the iPhone, the company undertook a large privacy protection project. The project took an academic concept called differential privacy and applied it to AI applications on the iPhone. Differential privacy works by inserting noise - or bad information - into good data in order to confuse outsiders who might try to hone in on an individual's records. For example, in order for Apple software to group the photos of your dog into a single album, it needs to collect many photos of your dogs. Apple collects those images, but not before encrypting the data in them and then scrambling that data with other data, so that if anyone tried to recover the original data set they wouldn't know what was tied to a single user, the company claims. This technique is considered a stronger privacy protection than other methods, such as using mathematical formulas to render user profiles anonymous. Apple's focus on privacy may have slowed the company down in terms of building some products, Gross said, but the trade-off would be consumer trust. "Apple is dousing itself with an extra piece of really hard science, and doing so to try and preserve your privacy," he said. "I think Google and Facebook will have to answer to world where a similar product that is offered is more privacy-preserving." Munster pointed out that no tech company has a huge lead on artificial intelligence yet. "The bad news is that Apple is behind," he said. "The good news is that if we look at how AI is going to impact the world, it's still early days - there is plenty of time to catch up." © 2017 The Washington Post We discussed everything Apple announced at WWDC 2017 on Orbital, our weekly technology podcast. You can subscribe to it via Apple Podcasts or RSS or just listen to this episode by hitting the play button below. For the latest tech news and reviews, follow Gadgets 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel. Tags: Apple, WWDC 2017, HomePod, Apple HomePod, Siri, Siri Speaker, Apps, Science Yu Yureka Black Goes on Sale in India via Flipkart BlackBerry Downplays Toyota's Use of Rival Software Why Apple Is Struggling to Become an Artificial Intelligence Powerhouse     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Huawei Y7 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) ZTE V870 Oppo R11 Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch) 2017 Wi-Fi + Cellular Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch) 2017 Wi-Fi Apple iPad Pro (10.5-inch) Wi-Fi + Cellular Apple iPad Pro (10.5-inch) Wi-Fi LG X500 Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 8.0 ZTE Nubia Z17 Motorola Moto Z2 Play Asus Zenpad 3S 8.0 Asus Zenpad 10 Asus Zenpad 10 Yu Yureka Black Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 10 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Moto Z2 Play Xiaomi Redmi 4 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Nokia 3310 (2017) Xiaomi Mi 6 Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi 3s Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Xiaomi Redmi 4X Apple iPhone 6 OnePlus 5 Mi Max 2 Nokia 6 Tech News in Hindi Moto Z2 Play लॉन्च हुआ भारत में, जानें कीमत आ रहा है Reliance Jio 4जी फ़ीचर फोन, स्पेसिफिकेशन और कीमत लीक iPhone 6 हुआ सस्ता, फादर्स डे के मौके पर फ्लिपकार्ट ने दिया ऑफर Latest Videos 03:01 iOS 11 First Look 01:06 Corsair One Compact Desktop PC First Look 00:59 Gigabyte Aero 14, Aero 15 First Look 22:32 Protect Yourself From Ransomware 04:26 Fight WannaCry With These Tips More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Destiny 2 Not Releasing On Steam Is the Best Thing for PC Gamers Akhil Arora Twin Peaks' Return Is Even More 'Lynchian' in the Era of TV Auteurs Gopal Sathe Cord Cutting Is Finally a Realistic Option in India Advertisement Advertisement Recent Siri Far Behind Alexa and Google Assistant, Says Ex-Apple Employee iPhone 8, iPhone 7s Plus Schematics Leaks Tip Design Details Chinese Smartphone Maker iVoomi to Expand Manufacturing Capacity in India Nokia 6, Nokia 5, Nokia 3 India Launch Set for June 13 Nokia 9 Could Have a 6GB RAM Variant Too, Benchmark Listing Tips Assassin’s Creed Origins Setting and Editions Leaked Here Are the Apple Design Awards Winners for 2017 Britney Spears' Instagram Photo Hid a Russian Malware Link in Plain Sight Uber Using Loophole to Avoid UK Tax, Undercut Rivals Xbox Scorpio Release Date Possibly Revealed in E3 2017 Teaser More News TRENDING OnePlus 5 Will Sport 8GB of RAM, Amazon Source Code Reveals Flipkart Offers iPhone 16GB at Rs. 21,990 in Father's Day Promotion OnePlus 5 May Cost Much More Than Previous OnePlus Offerings Reliance Jio 4G VoLTE Feature Phones' Specifications, Price Leaked Moto Z2 Play With Moto Mods Support Launched in India Nokia 6, Nokia 5, Nokia 3 India Launch Set for June 13 Siri Far Behind Alexa and Google Assistant, Says Ex-Apple Employee iPhone 8, iPhone 7s Plus Schematics Leaks Tip Design Details Xiaomi Redmi 4A to Go on Sale in India Today iPhone 7 Now Available at a Discount on Amazon India Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Comment Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Home Comment COMMENT June 6 2017 Save Print Apple says it's at the forefront of emerging trends. Don't believe it Shira Ovide Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More The future belongs to technology that can warn people – to leave early for a doctor's appointment if traffic is bad, or a car that drives itself to that doctor's appointment. The future belongs to technology that lets someone see virtual images of sofas in their living room so they can pick the best one. The future is technology that sifts through years of data to notify a corporate executive about an inventory shortage before it happens. This future of smart software and computing woven into every molecule of life is coming fast. And Apple isn't ready for it. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Apple's new 'HomePod' speaker. Photo: Apple In the technology industry, it's conventional wisdom that Apple is weak in crucial areas such as cloud computing and artificial intelligence that are foundations for driverless cars, complex data predictions and computing that blends seamlessly into work and personal lives. Apple on Monday outlined how the company's phones, computers, tablets, watches and web TV hardware are becoming smarter and more capable. Apple's message was the company is on the cutting edge of emerging trends such as artificial intelligence and about how Apple is ushering in the future. Don't believe it. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Apple is making a push into VR with updates to macOS and new graphics chips in its iMacs. Photo: Peter Wells One small example is a voice-activated home speaker that Apple introduced called "HomePod". I'm sure it will be beautiful and have excellent sound quality, but that's not what these gadgets are about. These are all Trojan horses for the future of technology and how we interact with it. Apple gets this, but it's not up to the task. Siri is good enough for many people, but the relative stupidity of Siri, iTunes and Apple's mapping app are a tech industry punchline. Advertisement Snapchat, Facebook and Microsoft – yes, Microsoft – are blurring the lines between the real world and the virtual in ways that could help doctors better learn surgical techniques or let people communicate in entirely new ways. Google's parent company and Uber are fighting in court over technology for driverless cars. Amazon is trying to reinvent how people learn about and buy products online and in stores. Apple is practically nowhere so far in these emerging areas of technology. Apple is hardly standing still and it has the resources to try to future-proof the company. The company is spending more of its financial firepower than ever before – about $US11 billion in the past year – on developing new technologies. The company could surprise everyone as it has many times before, but it doesn't feel possible at the moment. Its history was about defining technology and waiting for everyone else to catch up. Now other companies are inventing the future and it is Apple that is simply trying to keep up. Bloomberg Originally published on smh.com.au as 'Apple says it's at the forefront of emerging trends. Don't believe it'. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Woman Live Tweets The Moment Man Tells ... Contains: External link Phil Collins Recovering In Hospital ... Contains: External link Most Popular Vale John K Watts: the best ever... but could he play football? Donating blood could be the most selfish selfless act I do Uncertain waters ahead for the Australian economy Saying 'enough is enough' is to misunderstand terrorism completely How much can politicians receive before they must declare it? Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Comment Vale John K Watts: the best ever... but could he play football? Donating blood could be the most selfish selfless act I do Cutting through the haze of emission schemes Uncertain waters ahead for the Australian economy The cult of infamy WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Close Skip to main content The Guardian The long read Rise of the machines: who is the ‘internet of things’ good for? Interconnected technology is now an inescapable reality – ordering our groceries, monitoring our cities and sucking up vast amounts of data along the way. The promise is that it will benefit us all – but how can it? By Adam Greenfield Interconnected technology is now an inescapable reality – ordering our groceries, monitoring our cities and sucking up vast amounts of data along the way. The promise is that it will benefit us all – but how can it? By Adam Greenfield Rise of the machines: who is the ‘internet of things’ good for? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close In San Francisco, a young engineer hopes to “optimise” his life through sensors that track his heart rate, respiration and sleep cycle. In Copenhagen, a bus running two minutes behind schedule transmits its location and passenger count to the municipal traffic signal network, which extends the time of the green light at each of the next three intersections long enough for its driver to make up some time. In Davao City in the Philippines, an unsecured webcam overlooks the storeroom of a fast food stand, allowing anyone to peer in on all its comings and goings. What links these wildly different circumstances is a vision of connected devices now being sold to us as the “internet of things”. The technologist Mike Kuniavsky, a pioneer of this idea, characterises it as a state of being in which “computation and data communication [are] embedded in, and distributed through, our entire environment”. I prefer to see it for what it is: the colonisation of everyday life by information processing. Though it can often feel as if this colonisation proceeds of its own momentum, distinct ambitions are being served wherever and however the internet of things appears. The internet of things isn’t a single technology. About all that connects the various devices, services, vendors and efforts involved is the end goal they serve: capturing data that can then be used to measure and control the world around us. Whenever a project has such imperial designs on our everyday lives, it is vital that we ask just what ideas underpin it and whose interests it serves. Although the internet of things retains a certain sprawling and formless quality, we can get a far more concrete sense of what it involves by looking at how it appears at each of three scales: that of our bodies (where the effort is referred to as the “quantified self”), our homes (“the smart home”) and our public spaces (“the smart city”). Each of these examples illuminates a different aspect of the challenge presented to us by the internet of things, and each has something distinct to teach us. At the most intimate scale, the internet of things is visible in the form of wearable biometric sensors. The simplest of these are little more than networked digital pedometers, which count steps, measure the distance a person has traversed, and furnish an estimate of the calories burned in the course of this activity. More elaborate models measure heart rate, breathing, skin temperature and even perspiration. If wearable biometric devices such as Fitbits and Apple Watches are, in theory, aimed at rigorous self-mastery, the colonisation of the domestic environment by similarly networked products and services is intended to deliver a very different experience: convenience. The aim of such “smart home” efforts is to short-circuit the process of reflection that stands between having a desire and fulfilling that desire by buying something. Right now, the perfect example of this is a gadget being sold by Amazon, known as the Dash Button. Many internet-of-things devices are little more than some conventional object with networked connectivity tacked on. The Dash Button is the precise opposite, a thing in the world that could not have existed without the internet. I cannot improve on Amazon’s own description of this curious object and how it works, so I’ll repeat it here: “Amazon Dash Button is a Wi-Fi-connected device that reorders your favourite item with the press of a button. To use Dash Button, simply download the Amazon app from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store. Then, sign into your Amazon Prime account, connect Dash Button to Wi-Fi, and select the product you want to reorder. Once connected, a single press on Dash Button automatically places your order.” In other words: single-purpose electronic devices, each dedicated to an individual branded item, that you press when you’re running low. Pressing a Dash Button specific to your preferred pet food, washing powder or bottled water automatically composes an order request to Amazon for that one product. Facebook Twitter Pinterest An Amazon Dash button I don’t for a second want to downplay the value of such a product for people who have ageing parents to look after, or kids to drop off at daycare, or for whom simply getting in the car to pick up some cat food may take an hour or more out of their day. But the benefit to the individual customer is tiny compared with what Amazon gains. Sure, you never run out of cat food. But Amazon gets data on the time and place of your need, as well as its frequency and intensity, and that data has value. It is an asset, and you can be sure that Amazon will exploit it in every way its terms and conditions permit – including by using it to develop behavioural models that map our desires in high resolution, so as to target them with even greater efficiency in the future. Again, the aim of devices such as the Dash Button is to permit the user to accomplish commercial transactions with as little conscious thought as possible – not even the few moments it takes to tap out commands on the touchscreen of a phone or tablet. The data on what the industry calls “conversion” is as clear as it is unremitting: with every box to tick or form to fill, the percentage of users that make it all the way to checkout tumbles. The fewer steps there are in a transaction, the more likely people are to spend their money. Manufacturers, enticed by the revenue potential of conquering the domestic environment, keep trying to eliminate these steps, in the hope that one of their connected products will become as essential to everyday life as the smartphone. The recent industry push toward the “smart home” is simply the latest version of this. For the moment, this strategy is centred on so-called smart speakers, a first generation of which have now reached the market. These products include the Amazon Echo and Google Home, each of which is supposed to function as the command hub of a connected domestic environment. Amazon’s Echo is a simple cylinder, while the Google Home is a bevelled ovoid. But the physical form of such speakers is all but irrelevant, as their primary job is to function as a branded “virtual assistant”, providing a simple, integrated way to access the numerous digital controls scattered throughout the contemporary home – from lighting and entertainment to security, heating, cooling and ventilation systems. Google, Microsoft, Amazon and Apple each offer their own such assistant, based on natural-language speech recognition. Most are given female names, voices and personalities, presumably based on research indicating that users of all genders prefer to interact with women. Apple’s is called Siri and will, according to reports, soon be getting its own device, Amazon’s Alexa, and Microsoft’s Cortana, while one simply addresses Google’s Home offering as “Google.” At first, such devices seem harmless enough. They sit patiently and quietly at the periphery of our awareness, and we only speak to them when we need them. But when we consider them more carefully, a more problematic picture emerges. This is how Google’s assistant works: you mention to it that you’re in the mood for Italian food, and then, in the words of one New York Times article, it “will then respond with some suggestions for tables to reserve at Italian restaurants using, for example, the OpenTable app”. This example shows that though the choices these assistants offer us are presented as neutral, they are based on numerous inbuilt assumptions that many of us would question if we were to truly scrutinise them. Ask restaurateurs and front-of-house workers what they think of OpenTable, for example, and you will swiftly learn that one person’s convenience is another’s accelerated pace of work, or worse. You’ll learn that restaurants offering reservations via the service are, according to the website Serious Eats, “required to use the company’s proprietary floor-management system, which means leasing hardware and using OpenTable-specific software”, and that OpenTable retains ownership of all the data generated in this way. You’ll also learn that OpenTable takes a cut on reservations per seated diner, which obviously adds up to a significant amount on a busy night. Conscientious diners have therefore been known to bypass the ostensible convenience of OpenTable, and make whatever reservations they have to by phone. By contrast, Google Home’s frictionless default to making reservations via OpenTable normalises the choice to use that service. This is not accidental. It reflects the largely preconscious valuations, priorities and internalised beliefs of the people who devised Google Home. As throughout the industry, that is a remarkably homogeneous cohort of young designers and engineers. But more important than the degree of similarity they bear to one another is how different they are from everyone else. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Illustration: Getty/Guardian Design Internet-of-things devices are generally conceived by people who have completely assimilated services such as Uber, Airbnb and Apple Pay into their daily lives, at a time when figures from the Washington DC-based Pew Research Center suggest that a significant percentage of the population has never used or even heard of them. For the people who design these products, these services are normal, and so, over time, they become normalised for everyone else. There are other challenges presented by this way of interacting with networked information. It’s difficult, for example, for a user to determine whether the options they are being offered by a virtual assistant result from what the industry calls an “organic” return – something that legitimately came up as the result of a search process – or from paid placement. But the main problem with the virtual assistant is that it fosters an approach to the world that is literally thoughtless, leaving users disinclined to sit out any prolonged frustration of desire, and ever less critical about the processes that result in gratification. Virtual assistants are listening to everything that transpires in their presence, and are doing so at all times. As voice-activated interfaces, they must be constantly attentive in order to detect when the “wake word” that rouses them is spoken. In this way, they are able to harvest data that might be used to refine targeted advertising, or for other commercial purposes that are only disclosed deep in the terms and conditions that govern their use. The logic operating here is that of preemptive capture: the notion that companies such as Amazon and Google might as well trawl up everything they can, because no one knows what value might be derived from it in the future. This leads to situations that might be comical, were it not for what they imply about the networking of our domestic environments. These stories circulate as cautionary tales: one of the best-known was the time the US National Public Radio network aired a story about the Amazon Echo, and various cues spoken on the broadcast were interpreted as commands by Echos belonging to members of the audience, causing domestic chaos. Put aside for one moment the question of disproportionate benefit – the idea that you as the user derive a little convenience from your embrace of a virtual assistant, while its provider gets everything – all the data about your life and all its value. Let’s simply consider what gets lost in the ideology of convenience that underlies this conception of the internet of things. Are the constraints presented to us by life in the non-connected world really so onerous? Is it really so difficult to wait until you get home before you preheat the oven? And is it worth giving away so much, just to be able to do so remotely? Most of us are by now aware that our mobile phones are constantly harvesting information about our whereabouts and activities. But we tend to be relatively ignorant of the degree to which the contemporary streetscape has also been enabled to collect information. This development is often called the “smart city”. If the ambition beneath the instrumentation of the body is ostensible self-mastery, and that of the home is convenience, the ambition at the heart of the smart city is nothing other than control – the desire to achieve a more efficient use of space, energy and other resources. A broad range of networked information-gathering devices are increasingly being deployed in public space, including CCTV cameras; advertisements and vending machines equipped with biometric sensors; and the indoor micropositioning systems known as “beacons” that, when combined with a smartphone app, send signals providing information about nearby products and services. The picture we are left with is that of our surroundings furiously vacuuming up information, every square metre of seemingly banal pavement yielding so much data about its uses and its users that nobody yet knows what to do with it all. And it is at this scale of activity that the guiding ideology of the internet of things comes into clearest focus. The strongest and most explicit articulation of this ideology in the definition of a smart city has been offered by the house journal of the engineering company Siemens: “Several decades from now, cities will have countless autonomous, intelligently functioning IT systems that will have perfect knowledge of users’ habits and energy consumption, and provide optimum service ... The goal of such a city is to optimally regulate and control resources by means of autonomous IT systems.” There is a clear philosophical position, even a worldview, behind all of this: that the world is in principle perfectly knowable, its contents enumerable and their relations capable of being meaningfully encoded in a technical system, without bias or distortion. As applied to the affairs of cities, this is effectively an argument that there is one and only one correct solution to each identified need; that this solution can be arrived at algorithmically, via the operations of a technical system furnished with the proper inputs; and that this solution is something that can be encoded in public policy, without distortion. (Left unstated, but strongly implicit, is the presumption that whatever policies are arrived at in this way will be applied transparently, dispassionately and in a manner free from politics.) Every aspect of this argument is questionable. Perhaps most obviously, the claim that anything at all is perfectly knowable is perverse. However thoroughly sensors might be deployed in a city, they will only ever capture what is amenable to being captured. In other words, they will not be able to pick up every single piece of information necessary to the formulation of sound civic policy. Other, all-too-human distortions inevitably colour the data collected. For instance, people may consciously adapt to produce metrics favourable to them. A police officer under pressure to “make quota” may focus on infractions that she would ordinarily overlook, while conversely, her precinct commander, under pressure to present the city as ever-safer, may downwardly classify a felony assault as a simple misdemeanour. This is the phenomenon known to viewers of The Wire as “juking the stats,” and it is particularly likely to occur when financial or other incentives depend on achieving a performance threshold. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Illustration: Getty/Guardian Design There is also the question of interpretation. Advocates of smart cities often seem to proceed as if it is self-evident that each of our acts has a single, salient meaning, which can be recognised, made sense of and acted upon remotely by an automated system, without any possibility of error. The most prominent advocates of this approach appear to believe that no particular act of interpretation is involved in making use of any data retrieved from the world in this way. But data is never “just” data, and to assert otherwise is to lend inherently political and interested decisions an unmerited gloss of scientific objectivity. The truth is that data is easily skewed, depending on how it is collected. Different values for air pollution in a given location can be produced by varying the height at which a sensor is mounted by a few metres. Perceptions of risk in a neighbourhood can be transformed by slightly altering the taxonomy used to classify reported crimes. And anyone who has ever worked in opinion polling knows how sensitive the results are to the precise wording of a survey. The bold claim of “perfect” knowledge appears incompatible with the messy reality of all known information-processing systems, the human individuals and institutions that make use of them and, more broadly, with the world as we experience it. In fact, it is astonishing that any experienced engineer would ever be so unwary as to claim perfection on behalf of any computational system, no matter how powerful. The notion that there is one and only one solution to urban problems is also deeply puzzling. Cities are made up of individuals and communities who often have competing preferences, and it is impossible to fully satisfy all of them at the same time. That such a solution, if it even existed, could be arrived at algorithmically is also implausible. Assume, for the sake of argument, that there did exist a master formula capable of balancing the needs of all of a city’s competing constituencies. It certainly would be convenient if this golden mean could be determined automatically and consistently. But the wholesale surrender of municipal management to an algorithmic toolset seems to place an undue amount of trust in the party responsible for authoring the algorithm. If the formulas behind this vision of future cities turn out to be anything like the ones used in the current generation of computational models, life-altering decisions will hinge on the interaction of poorly defined and subjective values. The output generated by such a procedure may turn on half-clever abstractions, in which complex circumstances resistant to direct measurement are reduced to more easily determined proxy values: average walking speed stands in for the “pace” of urban life, while the number of patent applications constitutes an index of “innovation”, and so on. Quite simply, we need to understand that creating an algorithm intended to guide the distribution of civic resources is itself a political act. And, at least for now, nowhere in the current smart-city literature is there any suggestion that either algorithms or their designers would be subject to the ordinary processes of democratic accountability. And finally, it is difficult to believe that any such findings would ever be translated into public policy in a manner free from politics. Policy recommendations derived from computational models are only rarely applied to questions as politically sensitive as resource allocation without some intermediate tuning taking place. Inconvenient results may be suppressed, arbitrarily overridden by more heavily weighted decision factors, or simply ignored. As matters now stand, the claim of perfect competence that is implicit in most smart-city rhetoric is incommensurate with everything we know about the way technical systems work. It also flies in the face of everything we know about how cities work. The architects of the smart city have failed to reckon with the reality of power, and the ability of elites to suppress policy directions that don’t serve their interests. At best, the technocratic notion that the analysis of sensor-derived data would ever be permitted to drive municipal policy is naive. At worst, though, it ignores the lessons of history. So, yes: the internet of things presents many new possibilities, and it would be foolish to dismiss those possibilities out of hand. But we would also be wise to approach the entire domain with scepticism, and in particular to resist the attempts of companies to gather ever more data about our lives – no matter how much ease, convenience and self-mastery we are told they are offering us. This is an adapted extract from Radical Technologies: The Design of Everyday Life by Adam Greenfield, published this week by Verso. • Follow the Long Read on Twitter at @gdnlongread, or sign up to the long read weekly email here. Topics The long read Internet Amazon E-commerce Microsoft Computing features Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion letters editorials sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video podcasts digital archive Technology › Internet of things tech US world science US politics business back to top jobs become a supporter make a contribution guardian labs about us work for us contact us advertise with us solve technical issue terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop complaints & corrections all topics all contributors Facebook Twitter subscribe digital newspaper archive © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
null
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsletters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Wall Street Backs Off of Records After London Terror Attack, Crude Oil Drop Keris Alison Lahiff Jun 5, 2017 8:00 PM EDT Wall Street wasn't able to extend a record-breaking streak into a third session on Monday as a terror attack in London and lower oil prices teamed up to take down stocks. The S&P 500 was down 0.12%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.10%, and the Nasdaq decreased 0.16%. Still, stocks held close to records with market reaction to terrorism appearing restrained and cautious. Wall Street largely overlooked weaker-than-expected U.S. jobs growth in May on Friday, with major benchmark indexes closing at records for the second day in a row. "There is little market reaction to another terrorism event in London, and oil is barely budging on a political spat in the Middle East," said James "Rev Shark" Deporre in his daily column over on our premium site for investors, Real Money. Get his insights with a free trial subscription to Real Money. Seven people have died and 50 more have been injured in a terrorist attack near the busy London Bridge Station in the center of the British capital late Saturday, Metropolitan Police have confirmed. Police said three men drove a white transit van at high speed toward London Bridge just after 10 p.m. local time, deliberately targeting pedestrians before continuing to the busy restaurant and pub district of Borough Market, which was packed with revelers enjoying the unusually warm summer Saturday evening. "Enough is enough," U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said in a statement. "There is far too much tolerance of extremism in our country ... we cannot and must not pretend that things can continue as they are." May said the general election would take place as scheduled on June 8, though campaigning was suspended for the day.  President Donald Trump reacted to the terror attack by criticizing London Mayor Sadiq Khan and railing against "political correctness." In a series of tweets, Trump said, "We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!" The White House had previously asked for Trump's twice-blocked travel "ban" to be reviewed by the Supreme Court.  Scenes from London over the weekend. Trump announced on Monday his intention to push Congress to privatize air traffic control. U.S. airlines and a number of Republicans in Congress support the measure which would remove air traffic control activity from the Federal Aviation Administration's responsibilities.  Market activity should accelerate toward the back half of the week with several catalysts likely to trigger trading. The United Kingdom will hold its general election on Thursday -- Prime Minister Theresa May is still a lead in the polls over Labour's Jeremy Corbyn. Also on Thursday, the European Central Bank will announce a decision on monetary policy. Improving economic data in the eurozone could affect members' growth forecasts.  Finally, former FBI director James Comey will deliver his public testimony to the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday. Trump fired Comey earlier in May while the FBI was investigating the Trump transition team's ties to Russia. News reports also indicated that Trump had asked Comey for his loyalty and requested he stop investigating his former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. Apple ( AAPL) fell nearly 1% Monday after a rare downgrade for the world's biggest tech company by Pacific Crest Securities, which advised clients to buy shares in Google owner Alphabet ( GOOGL) instead. Pacific Securities analyst Andy Hargreaves said that while Apple "anticipates strong performance in the iPhone 8 cycle" it has given "relatively little weight to risks through the cycle or the potential for iPhone sales to decline" in fiscal 2019. Pacific Crest also noted that "recent supply checks suggest iPhone 8 (OLED) may be delayed until October with limited initial supply that ramps through" to the first quarter of Apple's fiscal 2019, which begins on Oct. 1. Hargreaves reduced his view on Apple to sector weight, from a previous rating of overweight, and thinks the stock could fall by $10 over the next year. Apple shares close Friday at $155.45. TheStreet's Jim Cramer noted the unusual downgrade on his Twitter account early Monday, and in particular questioned the timing of the move, given Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference on Monday. At the conference, the company unveiled a new Apple Watch face powered by Siri. CEO Tim Cook also said Amazon Prime video would be added to Apple TV later in the year.  Apple and Alphabet are holdings in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells AAPL or GOOGL? Learn more now. Services activity in the U.S. expanded at a slower-than-expected pace in May, according to the Institute for Supply Management. The ISM non-manufacturing index came in at 56.9 in May, down from 57.5 previously. Analysts anticipated a reading of 57.  U.S. factory orders declined as expected in April. The Census Bureau reported a 0.2% decline in orders over April, in-line with consensus, after a 1% increase in March.  First-quarter productivity in the U.S. was left unchanged, while unit labor costs weakened from a previous estimate. U.S. productivity over the first three months of the year was down 0.6%, while output was increased to 1.7% from a previous 1% estimate. Hours worked increased to 1.7% from 1.6%, while unit labor costs fell to 2.2% growth from 3%.  The new Apple Homepod. Four countries -- Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt -- have cut diplomatic ties with Qatar over its ties with terrorism. The move escalates a rumbling dispute between Qatar, its sometime partner Iran, and their regional neighbors. Tensions between the country could erode cooperation among the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries. OPEC recently agreed to extend their output cut agreement by nine months to address a global supply imbalance.  West Texas Intermediate crude oil gave up earlier gains to fall 0.6% to settle at $47.40 a barrel on Monday.  Herbalife (HLF)  fell 6.6% after increasing its current-quarter adjusted profit guidance, but lowering sales forecasts. The company anticipates earnings between 95 cents and $1.15 a share over its current quarter, up from a previous target of 88 cents to $1.08 a share. However, sales are expected to come in 1.5% below previous estimates. Herbalife cited the transition to the new FTC rules in the U.S. along with softness in its Mexico business as reason for lower-than-anticipated revenue.  Forestar (FOR)  jumped 12% after homebuilder D.R. Horton (DHI) proposed to purchase a 75% stake in the company for $520 million, or $16.25 a share. The purchase price represents a 14% stake over an existing merger agreement between Forestar and investment firm Starwood Capital Group.  Time Warner (TWX) shares rose slightly after its film Wonder Woman topped the domestic box office over the weekend. The DC comic book film earned $100.5 million in its debut weekend, the best opening in the U.S. for a female-directed movie.   Mallinckrodt (MNK) was one of the worst performers on the S&P 500 following a report from short-seller Citron Research. Citron accuses the company of working with Express Scripts (ESRX) to sell Acthar gel for a large mark-up.  Click here for the latest business headlines. If you liked this article you might like Stocks Mostly Lower in Cautious Trading, Apple Slips on Downgrade Stocks are mostly lower on Monday after a terror attack in London over the weekend and following a rare analyst downgrade on Apple shares. Keris Alison Lahiff Jun 5, 2017 2:36 PM EDT Stocks Under Pressure After London Terror Attacks, Apple Downgrade Stocks are mostly lower on Monday after a terror attack in London over the weekend and following a rare analyst downgrade on Apple shares. Keris Alison Lahiff Jun 5, 2017 10:41 AM EDT Herbalife's Stock Is Crashing After New Regulations Deal a Surprising Blow The company did boost its earnings guidance, however. Tony Owusu Jun 5, 2017 10:26 AM EDT Trending Wall Street Is Now Betting a Mind-Blowing $1 Billion That Snapchat Is a Big Disappointment Stocks Choppy With Comey Testimony Coming Up Citi Says Nvidia Could Explode 100% to $300 a Share -- Here's Why Tesla's CEO Elon Musk Was Just Dealt a Rare Blow Tesla's Huge Runup Means The Stock Has Little Room for Error Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India, Pakistan get ready to join SCO — and future joint military exercises As protests spread to other MP areas, Shivraj Singh Chouhan offers farm sops Standoff over rates: RBI panel said no to meeting with Finance before review Presidential poll to be held on July 17, if needed, says CEC Nasim Zaidi On the line from Kathmandu, Charles Sobhraj: Have to undergo heart surgery, don’t know if I will survive Home Technology Tech News Apple WWDC 2017 highlights: A smarter Siri, HomePod, iOS 11, and more Apple WWDC 2017 highlights: A smarter Siri, HomePod, iOS 11, and more Siri is getting a new voice, and the Mac is getting a new name. Apple unveiled new hardware, including a Siri-powered speaker, and previewed upcoming iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple Watch features at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference. By: AP | San Jose/california | Updated: June 6, 2017 3:17 pm Apple unveiled new hardware, including a Siri-powered speaker, and previewed upcoming iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple Watch features at the company’s Worldwide Developers Conference. Related News Flipkart Father’s Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Apple iOS 11 hidden features: WiFi sharing, FLAC audio support and more Xiaomi, Apple keep top spots in global wearable segment in Q1 2017: IDC Siri is getting a new voice, and the Mac is getting a new name. Apple unveiled new hardware, including a Siri-powered speaker, and previewed upcoming iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple Watch features as the company’s Worldwide Developers Conference kicked off Monday. Here are the highlights: Siri-Powered Speaker An internet-connected speaker called HomePod is coming in December for about $350. The speaker is similar to cheaper devices from Amazon and Google. Apple says it’s giving more emphasis to sound quality, not just smarts. Jan Dawson, chief analyst with Jackdaw Research, says the price is good for a high-end audio device. Besides playing music, Apple’s Siri digital assistant will also respond to requests for information and other help around the house. A New, Smarter Siri With an upcoming software update for iPhones and iPads, Siri will learn your habits based on what articles you might be reading, for instance. Or if someone texts you about owing money, it will ask if you want to pay using Apple Pay. Google already tries to be proactive with its Assistant on Android phones and Google Home speaker. An internet-connected speaker called HomePod is coming in December for about $350. The speaker is similar to cheaper devices from Amazon and Google. Siri, meanwhile, is getting a new voice. Or make that new voices, with a male version of Siri is getting a refresh, too. And Apple Watch is bringing Siri front and center. The smartwatch promises to learn about your routines to figure out what information to display. That could include a reminder to make a call or a flight reservation. About Your Privacy Apple says its Safari browser on the Mac will try to guard your privacy by identifying and blocking data files that track you as you move from website to website. Another Safari feature will stop video from automatically playing on websites. The features are part of the Mac software update this fall, to be called High Sierra. The current version is just Sierra. As for HomePod, Apple says that while the speaker’s always listening, nothing will be sent to Apple’s servers until you say, “Hey, Siri.” The protection is similar to what Google Home and Amazon’s Echo speakers already offer. Even then, Apple says it won’t know who you are — it’ll just get an anonymous ID to help process a response. A Different Reality Apple is trying to make augmented reality a reality with new tools for iPhones and iPads. Augmented reality is the blending of the physical and virtual worlds. In one demo, Apple executive Craig Federighi pointed a camera at a table on stage and added a virtual coffee cup and a lamp on the real table. Although Apple is late to the game, CCS Insight analyst Geoff Blaber says the new tools come “as the technology hits an inflection point.” In one demo, Apple executive Craig Federighi pointed a camera at a table on stage and added a virtual coffee cup and a lamp on the real table. Apple’s new iMacs are getting brighter displays and graphics capabilities, which Apple says makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality experiences. So far, interest in VR has been strongest among gamers, developers and hardware makers rather than everyday users. Apple’s entry into the market could change that. New Hardware Apple is introducing a 10.5-inch iPad Pro in an attempt to revive interest in its once hot-selling line of tablets. That size offers room for a full-size keyboard, something the 9.7 inch model couldn’t. Yet it isn’t as bulky as the 12.9-inch model. The new iPad starts at $649 and will start shipping next week. Apple is introducing a 10.5-inch iPad Pro in an attempt to revive interest in its once hot-selling line of tablets. Apple also unveiled new Macs, addressing complaints that Apple has let its Mac lineup languish in favor of its better-selling products, namely the iPhone. New iMacs and MacBook laptops start shipping Monday. Apple also unveiled the high-end iMac Pro coming in December starting at about $5,000. Updates for the iPhone and iPad With the next version of the iOS system for mobile devices, messages will sync in the cloud. Only the most recent messages will be kept on the device to save storage space. For photos, Apple is replacing JPEGs with a new format meant to reduce file sizes. Although the format is not exclusive to Apple, it’s not yet clear how well the photos will work with non-Apple software and devices, which mostly use JPEG. Apple will also have new tools for organizing photos and creating sharable videos. The free software, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. Apple is also bringing the ability to pay someone back through its payment service, Apple Pay, much as PayPal and other services already do. Before, Apple Pay transactions could be done only with businesses and institutions. Apple Maps will get lane guidance for highways and floor plans for indoor malls and airports. Google Maps already does both. And Apple will have a new “do not disturb” mode for driving. The phone will block most notifications to reduce temptations behind the wheel. The free software, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. More Related News Apple iCloud storage price for 2TB slashed to half, now starts at Rs 650 Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier : Here’s what you need to know For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 No Comments. Most Read RBSE 10th result 2017 released at rajresults.nic.in, pass percentage is 78.96% 10th RBSE result 2017 announced: Where and how to check SSC result RBSE 8th result 2017 declared at rajeduboard.rajasthan.gov.in, here's how to download Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L): As it happened NEET 2017 results date to be announced, five things you need to know Best of Express Rahul Gandhi at Madhya Pradesh border: Farmers not given same respect as jawans James Comey testimony live updates: Former FBI director's hearing begins SportsIND vs SL Live Score: Sri Lanka lose opener Dickwella early in 322 chase OpinionIndia should utilise Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, but it must sidestep ambushes by China and Pakistan OpinionRobust intellectual property rights regime holds the key to incentivising research on medicines Buzzing Now EntertainmentFatima Sana Shaikh slut-shamed for wearing a swimsuit during Ramadan: 'You aren't a Muslim EntertainmentSamantha Ruth Prabhu and Naga Chaitanya's wedding date set. Here are all the deets EntertainmentSridevi breaks silence on rejecting Sivagami role in Baahubali: 'What's the point in talking about it' TrendingThis Indian couple married for just 20 days gets their divorce finalised after 20 years TrendingBrother ki dulhan? Younger brother pushes elder brother aside to marry the bride Top News VIDEO: Rahul Gandhi pushes Madhya Pradesh policeman, says 'how can you stop me?' Centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers: Rajnath Singh on Mandsaur violence What is Swaminathan Commission Report and how is its implementation relevant? SportsRohit Sharma-Shikhar Dhawan become most successful pair in Champions Trophy SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, Champions Trophy SportsFrench Open Live score, women's semifinals LifestyleBJP MLC from Jammu says 'momo is a killer'; but is it really? LifestyleRani Mukerji is back and her style game is right on point TechnologyMotorola Moto Z2 Play first impressions: Worth its Rs 27,999 price tag? TechnologyFlipkart Father's Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Jun 08: Latest News ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Joe Root’s consistency is absolutely astounding, says Ian Bell Pakistan to propose three judges to ICJ for Kulbhushan Jadhav case MS Dhoni: Top sixes in his cricket career, watch video Priyanka Chopra or Freida Pinto: Who wore the jumpsuit better? Textbook tells students to write emails as short as skirts, sparks row in Delhi University                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9     Related Articles What Apple’s Forthcoming APFS File System Means to You (24 Jun 16)     Published in TidBITS 1371. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Silently Updates AirPods Firmware to 3.7.2 Apple TV to Get Amazon Prime Video and More Later in 2017 Apple Will Enter Smart Speaker Market in December with HomePod iPad Pro Gets More Professional iOS 11 Gets Smarter in Small Ways watchOS 4 Focuses on Fun and Fundamentals TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 5 June 2017 ExtraBITS for 5 June 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 05 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (24) Tripping to macOS 10.13 High Sierra by Tonya Engst If you’re Apple, and you’re looking for a name for your new version of macOS, which is aimed at being a refinement to the previous version, what do you do? Name it High Sierra and make stoner jokes about how it’s fully baked. For film buffs, like our own Michael Cohen, Apple could instead have gone with a quote from the 1941 flick “High Sierra,” in which a character named Big Mac says, “Times have sure changed.” The rest of us might identify with Humphrey Bogart’s character, Roy Earle, who replies, saying “Yeah, ain’t they? You know, Mac, sometimes I feel like I don’t know what it’s all about anymore.” Under the hood, macOS 10.13 High Sierra will usher in the new APFS file system, H.265 HEVC video, and Metal 2 graphics. These changes will upgrade the Mac to a modern file system, bring a new industry standard for video compression to the Mac, and provide significantly enhanced graphics processing. They show that Apple is serious about the Mac’s future and about making necessary upgrades for Mac users in graphics-intensive creative fields like animation and virtual reality. Apple also announced a few welcome tweaks to its core apps. Apple developers can access the High Sierra developer preview now, and a public beta should be available later in June. Apple expects to release High Sierra to the general public this fall (expect September or October). The upgrade will be free and run on all systems that support macOS 10.12 Sierra. It’s All About Speed -- The new 64-bit file system, called APFS, stands for Apple File System, and it’s not just for the Mac — it’s already in iOS 10.3 and will become part of tvOS and watchOS. Because APFS is decades newer than the HFS+ file system that the Mac uses currently, it was designed with modern-day concerns in mind, such as how to best work with solid-state drives. APFS won’t make the Finder look different, but it should provide better performance: a task like displaying the size of a folder or duplicating a large file should go far more quickly. You can also look forward to features such as native encryption, faster backups, and better behavior in the case of power outages or system freezes (see “What Apple’s Forthcoming APFS File System Means to You,” 24 June 2016). The new HEVC (High-Efficiency Video Coding, also known as H.265) provides 40 percent better video compression for 4K video than the previous H.264 standard, as well as hardware acceleration when used on certain newer Macs and with Apple’s Pro tools. In essence, in High Sierra, video should take up less space and stream better. Metal 2 replaces the previous Metal API and is a big deal for developers — and by extension for anyone who wants the Mac to be taken seriously as a high-end creative platform. Apple’s description of Metal 2 lists the goodies expected in Metal 2, including GPU-driven pipelines, enhanced machine learning, and support for virtual reality rendering on external GPUs. Apple also announced an External Graphics Developer Kit, but details are still fuzzy. We’re still bummed that Apple passed on the opportunity to call it Heavy Metal. App Enhancements -- Apps that will see improvements in High Sierra include Safari, Mail, and Photos. The Safari Web browser will, to be blunt, show Web pages that look and sound less trashy. Safari’s Reader view is enabled automatically for every Web article that supports it, removing ads, navigation, and distractions. Autoplay Blocking will stop media playback from occurring when you open a page — Macworld, we’re looking at you! Safari’s new Intelligent Tracking Prevention will remove tracking data that allows third parties to access your browsing history. In addition to enhancing your privacy, this feature may cause you to see fewer ads based on products you’ve researched or purchased in the past. You’ll be able to customize all these features on a per-site basis, and the same applies to page zoom, location services, notifications, and content blockers. Search in the Mail app will be faster and feature a Top Hits area in the results that will attempt to display the “most relevant” results. This feature is designed to learn from your actions, so the more you use it, the better the results should get. Mail will also have a new full-screen split view that puts the compose window next to your messages and better message compression, allowing it to consume less disk space. Photos receives important tweaks that should interest many types of users. The interface will include a persistent sidebar and a redesigned Edit view. Facial recognition training you perform on one device will now appear on all your devices, the Memories feature has new categories, and new editing tools will help with fine-tuning and color saturation. In the fun department, you’ll be able to edit Live Photos like the mini-movies that they are, with looping, reversing, trimming, and picking a key frame. You’ll also be able to turn a Live Photo into a long exposure to blur movement. Photos will also finally bring back integration with external editors such as Photoshop and Pixelmator that was last seen in iPhoto. It will support third-party extensions so you can export projects to non-Apple printing services, such as Animoto and Shutterfly. Other changes that Apple announced include more natural voices for Siri, simple tables in Notes, flight information in Spotlight, Siri music recommendations in Apple Music, and the capability to share a link to a file stored in iCloud Drive with anyone. The last feature noted on Apple’s Web page about High Sierra mentions iCloud storage plans for a family; presumably more details will be forthcoming. Tripping to High Sierra -- Perhaps we at TidBITS can be accused of inhaling, but reactions to High Sierra were generally positive. We’re always in favor of Apple refining existing features that seem, well, half-baked. In the end, High Sierra adds timely improvements that will make every day use of apps like Safari and Photos more enjoyable while simultaneously adding foundational enhancements to enable previously unimaginable capabilities on the upcoming iMac Pro and promised Mac Pros. Apple even demoed some of this during the keynote by showing off a real-time virtual reality creation environment that was used to create a Star Wars experience. It may or may not have been the sort of thing anyone could do, but it was impressive. Right now the future looks groovy for macOS.   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about Tripping to macOS 10.13 High Sierra To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple today announced that macOS 10.13 High Sierra will include important under-the-hood improvements, as well as targeted tweaks to Apple apps. The free update to macOS will run on all Macs that can run macOS 10.12 Sierra. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Michel Hedley  2017-06-05 22:32 You are using US jargon again. The world doesn't use the term Fall. Why not use the well used words for months. Just because Apple is California-centric there is no need for TidBits to follow suit. Now about the US-centric but strange date format ... Reply Craig Cruden  2017-06-05 22:54 The important parts of the world do use the term Fall (Canada). Not to mention that Autumn is not that efficient and it forces you to open your mouth wider and you end up swallowing flies during the spring if you do. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-05 23:41 Well, considering Apple uses "fall", I would argue that TidBits is just reporting what Apple said without editorializing. ;-) Reply Tonya Engst   2017-06-06 10:08 Scott is correct here, but I found this thread amusing. As an editor for TidBITS/Take Control, I've asked authors to revise their text dozens of times, reminding them that the seasons are different in the southern hemisphere and noting that someone always complains if we imply that all our readers are in the north. Yesterday, when filling the role of writer, I did feel that "fall" was what Apple said and that writing "Q3" wouldn't be right, since "fall" might mean early November (though probably not). My hope was that the parenthetical "(expect September of October)" would be sufficient, because our southern readers would work out what I meant. But, I see now that it is impossible — someone will complain... and if one person complains then others noticed as well but didn't bother to write in about it. Next time, I'll try to find an elegant way to quote Apple's "fall" and explain it differently. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-06 10:36 What?!? Not every one lives in the north? The King in the North! ;-) FWIW, Apple states "Coming this fall" on the website for both iOS 11 and macOS High Sierra (still think that is a stupid name...of all the California landmarks, that is the best they can do...although it did lend itself to some nice, corny jokes). For the iMac Pro and HomePod on the website it says "Available December". Now, I will note that I am seeing the US Apple website...maybe they make regional adjustments/corrections, but I kind of doubt it. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 11:33 We explained our date format style a decade ago. It's very intentional, and not particularly U.S. centric. :-) http://tidbits.com/article/8749 Then, in issue #1000 (from 2009), we updated our canonical date format to spell out the month name and use four digits for the year so it would be easier to read in running text. Reply John Cooper  2017-06-06 12:30 To try to please readers such as Michel who don't want to engage in the same sort of inner translation that I make every time I read one of the many U.K.-based Mac sites, I would probably phrase things along the following lines: "Apple expects to release High Sierra to the general public during the U.S. fall season (expect September or October)." Reply Tonya Engst   2017-06-06 13:02 That's a nice way or wording it. Thanks for the idea. Reply James Pannozzi  2017-06-06 03:50 Oh LOOK everyone ! An article mentioning the new Mac file system which somehow avoided ALL mention of the BETTER file system known as ZFS that Apple could have used but shut down the project. Too bad it's STILL available, developed outside Apple, free, and works stunningly well. https://openzfsonosx.org/ Reply Derek Currie  2017-06-06 08:21 Please look at comparison lists between APFS and ZFS. They're extremely similar. I personally think of APFS as Apple ZFS or Son Of ZFS. Oh and my understanding of Apple's abandonment of the formal ZFS standard is that Oracle reneged on their promise to contribute to the project. Sound familiar? A similar scenario is why we now have LibreOffice. Reply Tonya Engst   2017-06-06 10:14 Yes, the purpose of this article was to share the news from the WWDC keynote. For the most part, I left it to the comments or other articles to analyze the merits of the choices that underlie the features. Reply James Pannozzi  2017-06-06 10:22 Descended from Mount Illumos, ZFS would have made possible easy file exchanges between Macs and something called the Linux operating system, used on MANY servers. But why use something standard when you can go proprietary and retain control, eh ? How many more features available on older Macs will quietly disappear in the newer OSX releases so that you can be forced to use the "CLOUD", eh? The O3X crowd is moving right along, I think only ZFS encryption is among the things they haven't done (of course using logical volumes, you can use the Mac file system encryption). The time for proprietary things LOCKING you into Macs is over. They have their uses, and for other things, other systems have theirs. The myth that OSX is "special" IS OVER. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-06-07 00:16 Wishful thinking. Reply James French  2017-06-06 04:39 Thanks for this excellent roundup of yesterday’s keynote. I think you missed one big improvement for Photos (big for me, anyway). It will now sync Faces info between devices, at last. This has been driving me mad! Reply Tonya Engst   2017-06-06 09:58 James, the article above does mention the upcoming new/better behavior of the Faces feature, but it also mentions several other new Photos feature, so I can see how you'd overlook it. I was surprised that the feature didn't work that way in Sierra. Reply Derek Currie  2017-06-06 08:18 Now that the Mac is moving to APFS, I strongly suspect we're going to have to pay for upgrades for our disk utilities. Start saving now! Reply Steve Nicholson  2017-06-06 09:02 Early in the High Sierra demo, Craig talked about how Safari smokes the competition. I'm not sure if he was still riffing on the stoner jokes or if that was accidental. It made me laugh either way. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 11:34 Oh, I'm sure it was intentional. :-) Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:38 As somebody who's been quite critical of Apple in the last few years, I was pleased with what I read here about mac OS High Sierra. I like the idea of a Snow Leopard style update that focuses on improvements, refined underlying tech, and clean-up rather than adding a lot of flashy nonsense that everybody will have forgotten two days after the release (Ping?). Regarding this "The new HEVC provides ... hardware acceleration when used on certain newer Macs and with Apple’s Pro tools." What "certain newer Macs" are we talking about here? Will dedicated GPUs be required? Or will Intel Iris graphics for example be able to hardware accelerate? Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-06-07 00:20 A good question. No doubt Apple will release more details, but my guess is that discreet GPUs will be required, which will shut out many Mac laptops. Reply Cory  2017-06-06 21:16 A fun read that kept me going right to the end. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-06-07 00:25 Thanks for the summary of High Sierra. It was a much easier read than the puffy descriptions on Apple's web site. I look forward to the new features in Safari. Currently you can click on the microphone in a tab that is playing a video, but the ability to shut them off globally will be a godsend. The tracking blocking will also be welcome. The security extensions I currently use in Safari don't address either of those problems. Reply Scott Slade  2017-06-07 13:13 Adam, any indication that the PDFKit framework will be more stable in High Sierra? Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-07 16:45 Way too soon to know, but we'll keep an eye on it as the betas progress. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple today announced that macOS 10.13 High Sierra will include important under-the-hood improvements, as well as targeted tweaks to Apple apps. The free update to macOS will run on all Macs that can run macOS 10.12 Sierra. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Tonya Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9     Published in TidBITS 1371. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Silently Updates AirPods Firmware to 3.7.2 Apple TV to Get Amazon Prime Video and More Later in 2017 iPad Pro Gets More Professional Tripping to macOS 10.13 High Sierra iOS 11 Gets Smarter in Small Ways watchOS 4 Focuses on Fun and Fundamentals TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 5 June 2017 ExtraBITS for 5 June 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Entertainment | 05 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (20) Apple Will Enter Smart Speaker Market in December with HomePod by Adam C. Engst With the announcement of the HomePod during the WWDC keynote today, Apple finally put the brakes on the endless speculation about whether the company would release a smart speaker to compete with Amazon’s popular Echo and its Google Home competitor. However, Apple didn’t just wade into the fray with a me-too product. In fact, during the announcement, the whole “smart” part of the “smart speaker” didn’t warrant mention until near the end. Instead, Apple focused its attention on the “speaker” features of the HomePod. Apple’s Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller said that Apple has been working for years to reinvent the way we enjoy music in the home, and to that end, the company first designed the HomePod to be a great speaker. It’s just under 7 inches (17 cm) tall and is covered in a 3-D mesh fabric. It features an array of seven beam-forming tweeters, each with its own driver, and precision acoustic horns that can direct sound in any direction. Bass comes from a 4-inch Apple-designed woofer that faces upward to move a lot of air, and software provides automatic bass equalization to avoid distortion as the volume increases. All this is powered by Apple’s A8 chip, which the company first used in the iPhone 6. It provides real-time acoustic modeling, audio beam-forming, and multi-channel echo cancellation. Since speakers live in different rooms with radically different acoustic properties, the HomePod has spatial awareness, in that it can detect its surroundings and adjust the music to match. It even knows if there’s a second HomePod in the room, and if so, it changes how it emits sound to provide the best possible listening experience. Apple is also using the HomePod’s processing capabilities and its array of six microphones to let you control it via Siri. Control what? Music, of course, and Apple assumes that you’ll have an Apple Music subscription. To that end, Apple has expanded Siri’s vocabulary when it comes to music. Plus, the HomePod will connect directly to Apple Music, so you won’t have to play music through another device, although we expect that will be possible as well. What about all the other stuff that people have become accustomed to asking of the Echo and Google Home smart speakers? Apple got to this at the very end, almost as an afterthought. You’ll be able to ask Siri for news, unit conversion, stock info, weather forecasts, traffic reports, sports scores, and more. You’ll also be able to send messages, make reminders, set alarms and timers, and control HomeKit devices. Apple emphasized the privacy aspects of the HomePod. Until you say “Hey, Siri,” all recognition happens only locally. Only after you utter that trigger phrase is any data sent to Apple, where it’s associated with an anonymous Siri ID. All communications are end-to-end encrypted. Why didn’t Apple plug the virtual assistant features of the HomePod more? We have a few theories: It’s possible that Apple’s research shows that what people do most with smart speakers is listen to music. That’s certainly been our experience. Many of the things these smart speakers can do are better done elsewhere or are trivial examples. They’re good at bar trivia questions like who won the Super Bowl in 1967, but how often do you really wonder about such questions? Although Apple would never admit this, it’s also possible that Siri doesn’t work as well as Amazon’s Alexa and the Google Assistant technologies. Evaluating this would be difficult, and it’s likely that each has its own strengths and weaknesses. The HomePod will cost $349, which is a lot more than the smart speaker competition. The Amazon Echo Dot is $49.99, the Echo is $179.99, and the Echo Show is $229.99. The Google Home runs $129 but can be found for under $100. Apple instead suggested that we should compare the HomePod against the cost of quality Wi-Fi speakers, which are $300 to $500, plus the $50 to $200 cost of a smart speaker. It’s all about how you frame things. Regardless of why Apple chose to focus more on the audio quality of the HomePod than its Siri-driven smarts, we won’t be able to evaluate how well it does at either until it ships, which Apple promised for December 2017 in the United States, UK, and Australia. With other companies, that would be too late for the holiday shopping season, but since Apple sells so much directly, early to mid December should still work. Other countries will have to wait a little longer.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Apple Will Enter Smart Speaker Market in December with HomePod To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. At WWDC, Apple unveiled the HomePod, its entry into the smart speaker market. Due to ship in December for $349, the HomePod promises to provide high-quality audio and virtual assistant capabilities via Siri. We’ll just have to wait until then to see how it compares with the Amazon Echo and Google Home devices. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Scott M.   2017-06-05 23:48 "Plus, the HomePod will connect directly to Apple Music, so you won’t have to play music through another device, although we expect that will be possible as well." I assume that by this statement that there was no indication beyond the Keynote as to whether the HomePod will support AirPlay from a Mac or iOS device. Certainly nothing about that was said during the Keynote itself from what I recall. I have to admit that I am not overly impressed with the HomePod. It would have to be pretty incredibly awesome sound and indispensable integration with the Apple ecosystem (and also support AirPlay...I don't have an Apple Music subscription and have no plan to ever get one as I had subscription services for music and software) for me to consider spending about $200 more for a HomePod than an Echo. And that does not even account for the fact that I am no where near an "audiophile". Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 09:59 Yeah, no indication, but it makes very little sense that it would work only with Apple Music. There are just too many situations where you might want to play audio that's not in Apple Music. I think the allure of the HomePod is twofold: the audio quality and the deep integration with the Apple ecosystem. Being able to set it up merely by holding an iPhone next to it is pretty neat, and you'll be able to send iMessages and control HomeKit devices. As to how it really competes with other products on quality and responsiveness, there's no telling until it ships. Reply Josh Centers   2017-06-06 10:26 Since they also announced AirPlay 2 yesterday, I'm willing to bet that the HomePod supports that. I guess we'll find out more later this year. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-06 10:29 All my devices that are HomeKit compatible can also be controlled by my Echo. And it can controls some that are not HomeKit compatible. So, not sure how "killer" that feature is. Not sure if I would want to use iMessages. After enabling the new messaging feature in the Echo, I turned it off (with Amazon's amazing stupid implementation of only being able to do that by calling them) after I got a notification for a message a 3 am. Amazon definitely jumped the gun on the messaging/calling function...it seems to be a VERY beta status update if not even alpha status. They should have fleshed it out more (the Do Not Disturb is buried in the Alexa app and the requirement to upload ALL of my iPhone contact to Amazon's server as the only option is just stupid...I did not grant permission for that on my iPhone, so after enabling the messaging/calling it was effectively worthless). So, I will be interested to see if Apple's implementation with iMessages is better. And if they do not implement AirPlay or even just Bluetooth, then it is completely worthless to me. As I said, I have no intention of getting an Apple Music subscription. So, the jury is still WAY out for me. Time will tell. I will say it did cause me to think of some "Trash Can, the sequel" jokes however (it does like of look like a perforated, squat Mac Pro). Reply Scott M.   2017-06-06 10:56 I would be a bit surprised if it did not support AirPlay (in the form of AirPlay 2). It would frankly be stupid for it not to support it. But, then Apple does not always do the smart thing, so until I hear them say it or someone I trust hears them say it and reports it, I will remain at least a little skeptical. I would not put it past them to decide "hey, this is a good way to get people to sign up for Apple Music...only have the HomePod play music from Apple Music". It is the "lets lock them in to other services" mentality that Apple has employed in the past, albeit maybe a bit more extreme than past situations if they were to actually do it. Reply Kirby Krieger  2017-06-06 05:30 This appears to be aimed directly at Sonos. Reply brian.workman  2017-06-06 10:30 >They’re good at bar trivia questions like who won the Super Bowl in 1956... Seriously? You know there was no Super Bowl before 1967 right? ^_^ I know it was just an example, but it popped me out of the article. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 11:59 Yeah, it was just a throwaway example in the middle of a marathon 12-hour writing day. Fixed! :-) But in fact, I didn't know that the Super Bowl started in 1967, and when I asked Siri just now, all I got was "Sorry, Adam, I couldn't find any scheduled games or scores matching your request." Clearly Apple should fix that response to say, "Sorry, Adam, but I can't answer that question because the first Super Bowl was in 1967." Interestingly, when I asked Google the same question, it gave me the score for the 1956 NFL championship game. That's pretty good, since the NFL championship was essentially the Super Bowl of the time, since the AFL wasn't formed until 1960, and the Super Bowl was intended to be the AFL/NFL championship game. But I had to research that on my own. Of course, while I find reading about the history of these things somewhat interesting, I can barely remember who won the Super Bowl this year because, well, I just don't care. :-) Personally, now that I try more bar trivia questions, I'm a little offended that Siri doesn't know anything about running. Ask "Who ran the first four-minute mile?" or "What's the world record in the marathon?" and all you get are Web results. Feh! Reply Josh Centers   2017-06-06 12:44 I should have caught this, since I'm a football fan, but yesterday was a bit of a circus. :-) Reply brian.workman  2017-06-06 15:10 I hate when I ask her a question and she gives me the name of a nearby restaurant. Siri! It wasn't even a food related question! Bad Siri! Bad! Reply brian.workman  2017-06-06 15:12 Oh! And the more interesting question is "what did they call the Super Bowl trophy in the first few years?" Because it clearly wasn't the Vince Lombardi Trophy since he was still coaching then. But I digress. Reply tom powers  2017-06-06 19:32 From the wikipedia article on "vince lombardi trophy:" Even though [the Superbowl] is a national tournament, the award was initially inscribed with the words "World Professional Football Championship". It was officially renamed in 1970 in memory of NFL head coach Vince Lombardi, after his death from cancer. It was thus presented for the first time as the Vince Lombardi Trophy in Super Bowl V when the Baltimore Colts defeated the Dallas Cowboys 16-13. It has also been referred to as the "Tiffany Trophy" after the Tiffany & Co. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 13:25 I'd be interested in this device for playing music off my Mac or my iPhone/iPad to a living room speaker. I don't have/want Apple Music, so I'd be curious if this device will still work for what I'd like to do (AirPlay?). I'm not into any kind of home automation so can this be shut off entirely? Likewise Siri, can I chose to not enable Siri at all on HomePod? Finally, does HomePod use wifi or does it require Bluetooth? I try to keep BT off on all my devices. I'd like to know that I can talk to and use HomePod without having to turn BT on. Reply Josh Centers   2017-06-06 16:13 I can't answer the other questions, but HomeKit automation is totally optional. You have to purchase and set up devices to use that. HomePod won't suddenly take over your light fixtures and toaster. :-) Reply Simon  2017-06-06 16:42 I'd be more worried that by HomePod running HomeKit software (daemon?) it could open ports and listen on them thereby creating a possible vulnerability on my home network. Obviously my toaster from 1972 will always remain just fine. :)) Reply Craig Treleaven  2017-06-06 15:15 So what have we Canadians done that has so deeply offended Apple? We're now late to the party on all sorts of things, HomePod just being the latest. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 16:31 Seriously. Canada has more people than Australia by a good bit, so it must not be based purely on market size. Perhaps Australia is easier due to its proximity to China, where the HomePod will likely be made. Hopefully it will be only a short delay before worldwide release! Reply Michael E. Cohen   2017-06-07 12:44 The delay may have something to do with the radio certification process for wireless devices, which varies from country to country. Reply Craig Treleaven  2017-06-06 15:21 WWDC has an AirPlay 2 session on Thurs at 4:10 Pacific. Hopefully some questions will be answered there. Wonder if existing Airplay devices will be able to join the AirPlay 2 party with a firmware update or if new hardware is necessary. Would especially suck if the ATV 4 can't. Reply Josh Centers   2017-06-06 16:11 They confirmed that the Apple TV will act as an AirPlay 2 receiver. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. At WWDC, Apple unveiled the HomePod, its entry into the smart speaker market. Due to ship in December for $349, the HomePod promises to provide high-quality audio and virtual assistant capabilities via Siri. We’ll just have to wait until then to see how it compares with the Amazon Echo and Google Home devices. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9     Related Articles iOS 11 Gets Smarter in Small Ways (05 Jun 17)     Published in TidBITS 1371. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Silently Updates AirPods Firmware to 3.7.2 Apple TV to Get Amazon Prime Video and More Later in 2017 Apple Will Enter Smart Speaker Market in December with HomePod Tripping to macOS 10.13 High Sierra iOS 11 Gets Smarter in Small Ways watchOS 4 Focuses on Fun and Fundamentals TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 5 June 2017 ExtraBITS for 5 June 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 05 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (2) iPad Pro Gets More Professional by Michael E. Cohen During today’s frenetic keynote for WWDC 2017, iPad Pro news came relatively late in the proceedings, but for those of you wondering what you might buy to replace an old iPad, the news was worth waiting for. First, though, a short requiem for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, which has been discontinued as of today. It was a great device (full disclosure: I own one), and it will be missed. iPad Pro Hardware -- But most people probably won’t miss it much, for it has been replaced by a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, which, along with a refreshed 12.9-inch model, now resides near the upper end of Apple’s iPad lineup. Most welcome is the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro’s screen real estate: its screen offers 20 percent more area than the 9.7-inch tablet’s screen, with 2224 by 1668 pixels available at 264 pixels per inch (ppi) compared to the 2048 by 1536 pixels available on the discontinued model. (For comparison, the 12.9-inch iPad Pro offers 2732 by 2048 pixels.) Apple squeezed that display into a package that’s only slightly larger than the previous model by reducing the size of the bezel around the screen. Those pixels are faster, too. Both the 10.5-inch iPad Pro and its bigger sibling, the refreshed 12.9-inch iPad Pro, boast an impressive 120 Hz refresh rate that should make all motion on the screen smoother and more responsive. It should make using the Apple Pencil even more fluid, since the latency is reduced to a mere 20 milliseconds. That refresh rate won’t be in play all the time because all those pixels are smarter, too: the new tablets employ a technology that Apple calls ProMotion, which adjusts the refresh rate depending on the content being displayed. High motion video, or scrolling, will ramp up the refresh rate, while static images will be refreshed less often, saving on battery and processing power. The pixels are brighter as well, displaying up to 600 nits; they’re more colorful, using the P3 color gamut; and they’re more legible, with a screen reflectivity of only 1.8 percent. Driving those pixels is a new processor, Apple’s new 64-bit 6-core A10X Fusion chip that, aided by a 12-core GPU, can handle 4K video and speed up model rendering. Apple claims the A10X provides 30 percent faster processing than the older A9X processor and the new GPU delivers 40 percent faster graphics. Also taking advantage of these processing capabilities are the cameras in the new iPads, which now match those on the iPhone 7: a 12-megapixel camera with optical image stabilization and a six-element lens on the back and a 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera on the front. The rear camera is accompanied by Apple’s True Tone flash. All this comes in a package that weighs only 1.03 pounds (469 grams) for the 10.5-inch Wi-Fi model (add 8 grams if you want a cellular model), or 1.49 pounds (677 grams) for the Wi-Fi-only 12.9-incher (cellular capability adds a whopping 15 grams — about half an ounce). Each offers an estimated 10 hours of battery life. Unsurprisingly, the 12.9-inch iPad Pro retains its physical dimensions, so current cases should continue to fit fine. However, even though the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro is similar in size to the 9.7-inch iPad Pro it replaces, and is the same thickness, it’s 10.6 mm taller and 4.6 mm wider, so most of today’s cases for the previous iPad Pro won’t fit. For those deeply into technical specifications (and who among us isn’t?), you can find many more details on the iPad Pro Tech Specs page. iPad-specific iOS Features -- But hardware is only half the story, because when iOS 11 comes out (see “iOS 11 Gets Smarter in Small Ways,” 5 June 2017), it will sport a bevy of features designed with the iPad in mind. Not all of these features may work on older iPads, but Apple hasn’t announced details yet. New iPad-specific features include: A customizable Dock that provides more than the paltry six icons of previous iOS generations. It even features an area at the right side that predicts which apps you might want to use. A brand new App Switcher that you access by swiping up from the bottom of the screen. It makes moving among apps much more convenient. As a bonus, the App Switcher includes app combinations from multitasking sessions. Files, a new app that lets users peruse locally stored files, iCloud Drive files, and files stored using third-party services such as Dropbox and Box. It looks and works a lot like the Finder on the Mac. Drag-and-drop capability between apps so you can drag text, images, and files from one app to another using the improved multitasking in iOS 11. A new document scanning feature in Notes that can handle multi-page documents and employs image processing to straighten and sharpen scanned images. In addition, iOS 11 offers additional goodies for iPad Pro users who also have an Apple Pencil. Aside from the general snappiness increase courtesy of the new processors, the Apple Pencil learns a few new tricks in iOS 11: A new Instant Notes feature so you can compose notes instantly by tapping the Pencil on the lock screen Markup capability in Notes, Mail, PDFs, and on screenshots Inline drawing in Notes and Mail Handwritten text recognition — no, not the Newton handwriting recognition of yore, but recognition that leaves your handwritten notes looking as you wrote them but that makes them searchable Pricing and Availability -- The new iPad Pro models are available for pre-order now, and will begin shipping by 12 June 2017 in the United States as well as in 37 other countries. The base model iPad Pros ship with 64 GB of storage but can be ordered with up to 512 GB, a nice jump from the previous 256 GB max. They come in silver, space gray, and gold, and Apple added a rose gold color for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro. How much would you pay to own one of these bits of future kit? The 64 GB 10.5-inch iPad Pro with Wi-Fi costs $649; jumping to 256 GB increases the price to $749, and going to 512 GB raises it to $949. For the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, a 64 GB configuration starts at $799, with 256 GB at $899 and 512 GB at $1099. Add $130 to any configuration to get cellular connectivity as well. For the 10.5-inch iPad Pro, those prices may seem to be $50 more than the previous 9.7-inch iPad Pro storage configurations. If you look closely, though, the only storage configuration that matches is the 256 GB size, and the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro is actually $50 cheaper there. Although Apple’s iPad sales have been nothing to cheer about lately, these new Pro models may well reinvigorate this stagnating backwater in Apple’s hardware lineup.   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about iPad Pro Gets More Professional To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. The bad news is that the 9.7-inch model of the iPad Pro is history. The good news is everything else, including a 10.5-inch iPad Pro, improvements to the 12.9-inch iPad Pro model, and iPad-specific improvements in iOS 11. The new hardware is available this month; we’ll have to wait until fall for iOS 11. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Scott M.   2017-06-05 23:55 I have to admit that the improvements for the iPad in iOS 11, including the Apple Pencil stuff, was the biggest thing to catch my eye from the Keynote. The Apple Pencil stuff they highlighted will make the Pencil more useful for me. Currently I don't find that much use for my Apple Pencil as it seems more aimed at artists. With the updates, they appear to be more applicable to those beyond just artists, etc. The Files app and drag & drop and better Dock, etc looks like it might make the iPad Pro most like a computer and thus more useful. So, I liked those even more than the Apple Pencil improvements. Most the stuff highlighted for iOS for iPhone and High Sierra did not dazzle much, but time will tell if the improvements under the hood are the real dazzlers. The native no autoplay of videos is nice, but that can largely be accomplished now with extensions (and yes, Macworld is a real pain in the you know what about that...big reason why I rarely go to the Macworld site anymore). Reply Frans Moquette  2017-06-06 18:28 2017 could be the year in which I am going to replace my iPad Air 2 with an iPad Pro with Apple pencil as soon as iOS 11 comes out. The new features, with Files at the top, could very well change the iPad from a 'nice to have extra' to a potential laptop replacement. Reply  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Michael E. Cohen TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post Close Breaking News Watch live: James Comey testifies before Senate intel panel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Apple unveils first new gadget in nearly 3 years By Associated Press View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 6, 2017 | 12:08am | Updated June 6, 2017 | 6:50am Modal Trigger Tim Cook presents the HomePod (inset) at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif. Reuters (2) More On: apple Apple could help government agencies spy on us Apple to let other shops use its fancy machine for iPhone repairs Apple really wants you to watch 'Planet of the Apps' Apple is selling a strip of leather for $29 SAN JOSE, Calif. — Apple is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers — the latest test of the iPhone maker’s ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals. The trend-setting company also is putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced Monday escalate Apple’s technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. No place like HomePod The “HomePod” speaker unveiled at Apple’s annual developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple’s iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple’s own music streaming service, which runs $10 to $15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod’s owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. “It will reinvent home audio,” boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google’s Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. Apple vs. the dry spell The HomePod is Apple’s first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn’t been a smash hit, fueling worries that the company’s ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. During Jobs’ last decade, Apple introduced the iPod, iPhone and iPad — all huge commercial successes that both reshaped daily life and swamped previous digital music players, smartphones and tablets. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company “can’t afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people’s homes to Amazon, Google and others,” said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That’s especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more “pervasive” way that’s less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it’s also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Assistant and Microsoft’s Cortana, Blaber said. (Many reviewers have suggested that the current incarnation of Apple’s assistant already trails competitors in key respects .) “This is the start of the AI wars,” he said. Macs, phones and payments Apple had plenty of other announcements. New iMacs released Monday are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality “experiences,” although the company didn’t announce any consumer VR products. Safari, Apple’s web browser, is getting new features aimed at online annoyances. It will block videos that start playing automatically, for instance, and can also prevent ads from following and profiling users. It will not actually block ads, though. Apple also introduced a new version of its business-oriented iPad Pro at an intermediate size with more storage, a better display and an improved camera. It’s part of Apple’s effort to entice professionals with tablets that can handle many tasks previously reserved for laptops. New features coming to iPhones and iPads, meanwhile, include marginal improvements such as syncing messages to Apple servers in the cloud, saving storage space on phones and tablets. Apple also laid some groundwork for augmented reality, the projection of digital features onto real-world surroundings, by giving app developers tools for incorporating AR into their products. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under apple ,  gadgets ,  iphone ,  tim cook Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Silicon Valley's plan to hack death Read Next Silicon Valley's plan to hack death Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 82,378 Dramatic video captures robbery suspect's deadly shootout with cops 60,498 Nude sunbathers say perverts on yacht used drone to peep at them 48,781 Sugar baby says she's addicted to travel, not the sex Now On Ryan Lochte and fiancée welcome a baby boy Nicole Kidman: ‘Big Little Lies’ drove me to smash glass Phil Collins gets stitches after nasty fall SEE ALL Video 1:47 This hairy hottie is protesting beauty standards by not shaving Now On Here's How To Watch The James Comey Testimony If You're Stuck At Work SEE ALL More Stories page six A-Rod's 'other woman' may just be after his money Now On Decider Norm Macdonald Explains Exactly Why Kathy Griffin’s Trump Beheading Stunt Was Such A Terrible Idea nypost Dramatic video captures robbery suspect's deadly shootout with cops New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Mobile Tablets News iPad Pro: release date, price and specs: iPad Pro 10.5in unveiled at WWDC 2017 iPad Pro: release date, price and specs: iPad Pro 10.5in unveiled at WWDC 2017 Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Dale Walker, IT Pro News 5 Jun, 2017 The new size joins the 12.9in in a refreshed 2017 range iPad Pro at a glance: 12.9in and 10.5in corner-to-corner screens, 10-hour battery life Stylus and detachable keyboard cover return, with new cover colours Features top of the line A10X Fusion processor, offering "desktop class" performance Available in Gold, Silver, Space Grey and Rose Gold Pricing starts from £619 before VAT IT Pro's review of the previous iPad generation is available here Jump to: iPad Pro latest news iPad Pro launch date iPad Pro price iPad Pro features and accessories Will the iPad Pro be a success? See related  What happened at WWDC 2017: HomePod, new iMac Pro, iOS 11 and more iPad (2017) review: how does the latest iPad stack up? iPad Pro Latest News: 05/06/2017: Apple has finally unveiled its long awaited 10.5in iPad Pro at this year's WWDC, in a range refresh that also sees a new 12.9in model. The long-rumoured 10.5in model features a 20% larger screen, however it reduces its borders down by almost 40%, resulting in a device that weighs less than half a kilogram. Apple claims this still results in an all-day battery life, however we recommend you reserve judgement until benchmarks are available. The new models have been fitted with Apple's new A10X Fusion chip, containing a six core CPU and a 12 core GPU. This translates to a 30% and 40% respective performance increase over the A9X found in the previous iPad Pro range released 18 months ago. A significant upgrade has also been made to the retina displays, which now feature 'ProMotion' dynamic refresh rates that automatically switch between 120Hz, 48Hz and 24Hz depending on the task. The higher rate should result in displays that are incredibly crisp and responsive, and alongside "ultralow reflectivity" and HDR functionality, we are likely to see a truly impressive screen performance. This improved refresh rate should also improve the performance of the Apple Pencil, which also now boasts an impressive 20ms latency. The new range will also benefit from the recently launched iOS 11 operating system when it becomes publicly available, which brings a host of new additions to the iPad, including expanded file management and Drag and Drop functionality. Storage options are the same across both models, offering 64GB, 265GB and 512GB variations. Prices start at $649 for the 64GB 10.5in, or $799 for the 12.9in, all the way up to $949 or $1099 for the respective 512GB models. As with other iPad versions, there are also 4G and WiFi only options available. Launched alongside the new iPad range was a refreshed cover selection, offering new colour options and a new leather sleeve for the Apple Pencil. Head here for the new 2017 range. iPad Pro Launch date The refreshed 2017 range of iPad Pros was revealed at WWDC on 5 June, and was immediately available for purchase through Apple's online store.  iPad Pro Price The new iPad Pro price in the UK is as follows: 10.5in WiFi 4G 64GB £619 £749 256GB £709 £839 512GB £889 £1,019 12.9in WiFi 4G 64GB £769 £899 256GB £859 £989 512GB £1,039 £1,169 iPad Pro features and accessories Memory 64GB/256GB/512GB   Processor A10X Fusion 64-bit with embedded M10 coprocessor Battery Lithium-polymer, up to 10 hours Connectivity WiFi only/WiFi + LTE (4G) Display The range includes refreshed 12.9in and 10.5in models. The 10.5in version features a 20% larger screen than the previous generation 9.7in model, however borders have been cut down by 40%, resulting in a lighter device.  The iPad 12.9in features a display of 2,732×2,048, while the 10.5in uses a 2,224x1,668 resolution. Both screens have a pixel density of 264ppi, and utilise Apple's new ProMotion technology. This allows for a maximum refresh rate of 120Hz that dynamically adjusts to 48Hz or 24Hz, depending on the task.  This, the company says, allows the screen to deliver "fluid scrolling, greater responsiveness and smoother motion content". Both models also feature a 'wide colour display' with a fully laminated, anti-reflective coating.  Operating system The tablets currently run on the latest version of iOS 10 (10.2.1 at the time of writing). However Apple revealed at WWDC 2017 that iOS 11 would be releasing later in the year and will be available on the new iPad range.  Camera The iPad Pro has two cameras, the main rear iSight camera and front-facing FaceTime HD camera. The iSight camera has a 12-megapixel camera, with an aperture of ƒ/1.8 and a digital zoom up to 5x. It also features optical image stablisation, an ultrabright quad-LED flash, and auto HDR for photos.  Timer and burst mode also make a return, as well as body and face detection software and a wider colour capture for still and live photos.  In terms of video capture, the rear camera has received a significant upgrade, able to now record 4K HD video at 30fps, 1080p HD at 30fps or 60fps, and 720p HD at 30fps. There is also slow motion video support for 1080p at 120fps and 720p at 240fps.  Standard features like panorama, exposure control, tap to focus, geotagging, time-lapse video and zoom are also in place. Flipping it over, the FaceTime camera is capable of 7-megapixel photos with a ƒ/2.2 aperture. It can also capture 1080p HD video as well, with a burst mode, timer mode, and exposure control bundled in. It also has an auto HDR function, and improved colour capture for Live Photos.  Accessories Once again the iPad Pro features the Apple Pencil and Smart cover, only this time with a refreshed colour range and a leather sleeve for the stylus.  The Apple Pencil now boasts an impressive 20ms latency, but otherwise remains unchanged since the previous generation. Apple's Smart cover range now has some new colour options, including pink 'Flamingo' and yellow 'Pollen'. The detachable keyboard is also compatible with the newest iPad range.   Will it be a success? The strategy of launching a larger tablet has been attributed to the unprecedented popularity of the iPhone 6 Plus phablet, set to be repeated with the release of the 6s Plus and wider trends that indicate consumers favour devices with larger screens in general. The tablet market has been an unreliable source of revenue for Apple, with increased competition and the revelation that consumers do not buy a new tablet as often as they might do a smartphone, meaning that iPad sales are not as high as expected. Gartner research director, Ranjit Atwal, said: "The device market continues to evolve, with the relationship between traditional PCs, different form factor ultramobiles and mobile phones becoming increasingly complex. "Some tablet users are not replacing a tablet with a tablet, they are favouring a hybrid or two-in-one devices, increasing its share of the ultramobile premium market to 22 per cent in 2014, and 32 per cent by 2018," he added. According to Apple's Q2 2017 financial results, the company continued to see falling sales in its iPad range, shipping 8.9 million devices and generating $3.8 billion, which was down from 10.2 million during the same period of 2016. Read more about Tablets Apple iPad Pro Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Tablets Apple iPad Mini 4 vs iPad Mini 3 head-to-head Vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review Reviews 3 iPad (2017) review: how does the latest iPad stack up? Reviews 5 Facebook messenger not working? Your phone might be too old News Microsoft patents a foldable Surface phone News Popular Raspberry Pi: Top 27 projects to try yourself Mobile How to boost your home Wi-Fi Networking 16 Windows 10 problems - and how to fix them Operating Systems Windows vs Linux: what's the best operating system? Operating Systems Which is the best browser?: Chrome vs Firefox vs Internet Explorer Web Browsers Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Thursday, June 8, 2017 Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News Opinion Regions World Sports Business Special Features SPECIAL REPORTS The Sunday Times Boardroom Watch You are at:Home»News»The Latest News»Apple ‘HomePod’ speaker to take on Amazon, Google Apple ‘HomePod’ speaker to take on Amazon, Google 0 By The Manila Times on June 6, 2017 The Latest News, Today's Breaking News Tweet SAN JOSÉ: Apple will later this year release a “HomePod” music-centric smart home speaker, challenging a market currently dominated by Amazon and Google in its latest move to weave deeper into people’s lives. HomePod, aided by Apple’s Siri digital assistant, will be priced at $349 when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain, the tech giant announced at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. “We really believe it is going to take your home music experience to the next level,” Apple chief executive Tim Cook said as he unveiled it. HomePod will take on lower priced Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have had momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. It is designed to work with the Apple Music subscription service and can produce rich sound while tapping into the artificial intelligence power of Siri. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the company’s Siri team had tuned the assistant into a “musicologist” that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the internet cloud. The speaker has the “power to rock the house,” according to Schiller, and the aim is to make HomePod a potent assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. Playing to strength HomePod capped a keynote presentation that included updates to Apple’s iPad and Mac laptop lines, and upgraded operating software enabling augmented reality for iPhones and iPads. Analysts said Apple is playing to its strength in the music industry by focusing on sound quality and its catalog of songs. “Apple is smart to frame the HomePod as a music-centric and audio-centric device rather than just another smart speaker or another home for Siri,” said Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson. “The fact that Apple is claiming to marry really great and smart audio with a smart assistant and cloud music service makes this device unique in the market.” Some industry insiders, however, note Apple will be under more pressure to improve the computing smarts of its Siri software in the face of offerings from rivals Google and Amazon. Apple has given Siri new male and female voices, described as more natural and expressive, and added abilities such as translating English phrases into Chinese, French, German, Italian or Spanish. Apple said it is also using ‘on-device learning’ to enable Siri to take people’s tastes into account. Amazon has dominated the connected speakers category since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home. Macs and iPads Cook also used the Apple keynote to show off new iPad and Mac computer models, as well as provide glimpses at coming versions of the software powering the technology titan’s devices. Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi said the next Mac operating system will be named “High Sierra” in tribute to the California mountain range. High Sierra features will include being able to stop unexpected videos from starting to play automatically when landing on web pages and “intelligent tracking prevention” that will prevent ads from following people about the internet. High Sierra will be released later this year as a free update, according to Federighi. Along with upgraded versions of iPad and Mac laptops, Apple unveiled an iMac Pro work station that had the computing built in behind the screen and was touted as the most powerful computer the company has ever made. Aimed at high-end design professionals rather than the home market, the iMac Pro is to begin shipping in December with a starting price of $4,999. Mac models were also boosted to work with virtual reality gear, a move by Apple into technology that Facebook has embraced with its Oculus unit. Apple told the developers they were overhauling the App Store, giving it a fresh look, and beginning to add the floor plans of shops and airports to its map program. And the operating system for mobile devices is getting a major update with iOS 11. Changes included making iPads more efficient and being able to send money to friends using Apple’s messaging application for mobile devices. A set of iOS 11 features including enabling smartphone cameras to read QR codes are aimed at the China market, where Apple would like to bolster iPhone sales. AFP AFP/CC Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email loading... Loading... Please follow our commenting guidelines. Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Please follow our commenting guidelines. you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment Contact Info Address: 2/F Sitio Grande Building 409 A. Soriano Avenue, Intramuros Manila 1002 Philippines Tel. : +63 (02) 524 5664 up to 67 Fax: +63 (02) 528-1729 Email: newsdesk@manilatimes.net opinion@manilatimes.net Copyright © 2010-2017 The Manila Times - All Rights Reserved. Archives Advertise Contact Us About Us
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop Firmware Updates iOS 10.3 Jailbreak Release Soon As Apple Announces iOS 11? By Necta Casiple on June 6, 2017 12:16 PM PHOTOGRAPH: portal gda/Flickr under Creative Commons | Jailbreak hopefuls were initially promised of a stable iOS 10.3.1 tool as soon as the next version of 10.3.2 is rolled out. However, it’s already been nearly a month since its release and there are still no signs of the jailbreak coming. There have been rumors that it could see the light of day on the heels of iOS 11’s announcement. The thing, though, is Apple has just announced the newest iOS and the jailbreak community is still quiet as a mouse. At the WWDC 2017, the tech giant finally pulled the curtain on iOS 11. While we’ve yet to see how fortified the new operating system is, it’s very obvious that it’ll be harder to jailbreak than the predecessor which is already difficult to crack. Apple has fortified the iOS 10 in such a way that jailbreakers cannot find a loophole in the operating system. The new kind of file system called APFS that is available on the system is the one that does not allow hackers to create a jailbreak tool easily. Notorious Italian hacker Luca Todesco was able to create and release an iOS 10 jailbreak tool but it only works up to iOS 10.2 and is only applicable on 64-bit iPhones that are launched before iPhone 7. It does work on the current flagship but it only carries support for versions 10.1 and iOS 10.1.1. An iOS 10.3 JB tool can be potentially released by Todesco, but the hacker isn’t going to because he is already withdrawing himself from jailbreaking. Will the iOS 10.3 Jailbreak release ever happen? News of his “retirement” had many people thinking an iOS 10.3 jailbreak release will never happen. However, a search on the web for iOS 10 jailbreak leads users to many sites claiming that there’s one in the works at JB team Pangu and it’s reportedly arriving this August. As previously noted, Security researcher Adam Donenfeld wrote on Twitter that a privilege escalation exploit has already been written, and an iOS 10.3.1 jailbreak exploit will be released during “conferences season.” He cited two names in his tweet —#zimperium, a software company focused on developing several mobile threat detection software where he’s currently working; and #hitgbsec, a security conference that will be held Singapore on August 21 to 25. It will be released during conferences’ season in the summer. You may want to save SHSH blobs 🙂#ZIMPERIUM #HITBGSEC (2/2) — Adam Donenfeld (@doadam) May 18, 2017 As usual, we’ll have to wait until August to verify his claims. In the meantime, the jailbreak community suggests not upgrading to the iOS 10.3.3 beta if you’re interested in the potential jailbreak. Apple released the second iOS 10.3.3 beta for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch last week. As for the iOS 11, the final version won’t be available until September. Also Read: iOS 10.3 Jailbreak Release Update: TaiG, Pangu Secretly Working on Tool For Surprise Release? Here’s What We Know So Far iOS 10.3 Jailbreak Release Soon As Apple Announces iOS 11? June 6th, 2017Necta Casiple 1 Share Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iOS 10, iOS 10.3, iOS 11, jailbreak Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Five Nights At Freddy’s Games Unplayable On iOS 11 iOS 11 Release Date, Supported Devices & Features To Expect From WWDC 2017 Announcement WWDC 2017: What to Expect and How to Watch Event Livestream Product Sony PlayStation 4 Skin (PS4) – Gold Vtin Over-The-Head Bluetooth Wireless Headset For Drivers Razer Blade Stealth TOMOKO Mechanical Gaming Keyboard With 104 Keys Anti-Ghosting NVidia GTX 1070 VicTsing 3 In 1 Fisheye + 0.65X Wide Angle + Macro Lens For IPhone About the author Necta Casiple Featured Injustice 2: Understanding SonicFox’s Top 10 Characters For Competitive Play Pokemon GO Fest Introduces Real-World Events, Anniversary Celebration Starts Next Week Pokemon GO Legendary Event Discovered In Chicago Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Tekken 7 Handles Loot Better Than Injustice 2, But Reveals Its Lack Of Content Unlike Injustice 2, Tekken 7 has a wealth of cosmetic items that can be... Analyst Claims Borderlands 3 Release In Summer 2018, No Red Dead Redemption 2 At E3 2017 Known industry analyst Michael Pachter has made some interesting predictions for E3 2017. Based... Bully 2: Kevin’s Back Jack PS4 Listing Surfaces Online, Release Date In Fall In a surprising bit of news that no one expected, a listing for Bully... Dissidia Final Fantasy NT Roster Could Have These Characters Square Enix just announced the Dissidia Final Fantasy game coming to the PlayStation 4... Pokemon GO Legendary Event Discovered In Chicago Niantic is cooking something up for this summer as the developer is set to... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One mobile gaming Sony Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon Ubisoft ps4 Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India, Pakistan get ready to join SCO — and future joint military exercises As protests spread to other MP areas, Shivraj Singh Chouhan offers farm sops Standoff over rates: RBI panel said no to meeting with Finance before review Presidential poll to be held on July 17, if needed, says CEC Nasim Zaidi On the line from Kathmandu, Charles Sobhraj: Have to undergo heart surgery, don’t know if I will survive Home Technology Gadgets Apple’s HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Apple’s HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals The "HomePod" speaker unveiled at Apple's annual developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. The move escalate Apple's technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. By: AP | San Jose/california | Published:June 6, 2017 9:19 am The “HomePod” speaker unveiled at Apple’s annual developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. (Source: AP) Related News Flipkart Father’s Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Apple iOS 11 hidden features: WiFi sharing, FLAC audio support and more Xiaomi, Apple keep top spots in global wearable segment in Q1 2017: IDC Apple is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers — the latest test of the iPhone maker’s ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals. The trend-setting company also is putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced Monday escalate Apple’s technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. NO PLACE LIKE HOMEPOD The “HomePod” speaker unveiled at Apple’s annual developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple’s iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple’s own music streaming service, which runs $10 to $15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod’s owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. “It will reinvent home audio,” boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. (Source: AP) The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the US., UK and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google’s Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. APPLE VS. THE DRY SPELL The HomePod is Apple’s first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn’t been a smash hit, fueling worries that the company’s ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. During Jobs’ last decade, Apple introduced the iPod, iPhone and iPad — all huge commercial successes that both reshaped daily life and swamped previous digital music players, smartphones and tablets. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company “can’t afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people’s homes to Amazon, Google and others,” said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That’s especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more “pervasive” way that’s less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it’s also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Assistant and Microsoft’s Cortana, Blaber said. (Many reviewers have suggested that the current incarnation of Apple’s assistant already trails competitors in key respects .) “This is the start of the AI wars,” he said. MACS, PHONES AND PAYMENTS Apple had plenty of other announcements. New iMacs released Monday are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality “experiences,” although the company didn’t announce any consumer VR products. Safari, Apple’s web browser, is getting new features aimed at online annoyances. It will block videos that start playing automatically, for instance, and can also prevent ads from following and profiling users. It will not actually block ads, though. Apple had plenty of other announcements. New iMacs released Monday are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. (Source: AP) Apple also introduced a new version of its business-oriented iPad Pro at an intermediate size with more storage, a better display and an improved camera. It’s part of Apple’s effort to entice professionals with tablets that can handle many tasks previously reserved for laptops. New features coming to iPhones and iPads, meanwhile, include marginal improvements such as syncing messages to Apple servers in the cloud, saving storage space on phones and tablets. Apple also laid some groundwork for augmented reality, the projection of digital features onto real-world surroundings, by giving app developers tools for incorporating AR into their products. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. More Related News Apple iCloud storage price for 2TB slashed to half, now starts at Rs 650 Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier : Here’s what you need to know For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 No Comments. Most Read RBSE 10th result 2017 released at rajresults.nic.in, pass percentage is 78.96% 10th RBSE result 2017 announced: Where and how to check SSC result RBSE 8th result 2017 declared at rajeduboard.rajasthan.gov.in, here's how to download Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L): As it happened NEET 2017 results date to be announced, five things you need to know Best of Express Rahul Gandhi at Madhya Pradesh border: Farmers not given same respect as jawans James Comey testimony live updates: Former FBI director's hearing begins SportsIND vs SL Live Score: Sri Lanka lose opener Dickwella early in 322 chase OpinionIndia should utilise Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, but it must sidestep ambushes by China and Pakistan OpinionRobust intellectual property rights regime holds the key to incentivising research on medicines Buzzing Now EntertainmentFatima Sana Shaikh slut-shamed for wearing a swimsuit during Ramadan: 'You aren't a Muslim EntertainmentSamantha Ruth Prabhu and Naga Chaitanya's wedding date set. Here are all the deets EntertainmentSridevi breaks silence on rejecting Sivagami role in Baahubali: 'What's the point in talking about it' TrendingThis Indian couple married for just 20 days gets their divorce finalised after 20 years TrendingBrother ki dulhan? Younger brother pushes elder brother aside to marry the bride Top News VIDEO: Rahul Gandhi pushes Madhya Pradesh policeman, says 'how can you stop me?' Centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers: Rajnath Singh on Mandsaur violence What is Swaminathan Commission Report and how is its implementation relevant? SportsRohit Sharma-Shikhar Dhawan become most successful pair in Champions Trophy SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, Champions Trophy SportsFrench Open Live score, women's semifinals LifestyleBJP MLC from Jammu says 'momo is a killer'; but is it really? LifestyleRani Mukerji is back and her style game is right on point TechnologyMotorola Moto Z2 Play first impressions: Worth its Rs 27,999 price tag? TechnologyFlipkart Father's Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Jun 08: Latest News ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Joe Root’s consistency is absolutely astounding, says Ian Bell Pakistan to propose three judges to ICJ for Kulbhushan Jadhav case MS Dhoni: Top sixes in his cricket career, watch video Priyanka Chopra or Freida Pinto: Who wore the jumpsuit better? Textbook tells students to write emails as short as skirts, sparks row in Delhi University                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices 'Do Not Disturb While Driving' mode coming to iPhone USA TODAY Mike Snider 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL May regretting election call now, claims Nicola Sturgeon WATCH LIVE: Ex-FBI chief Comey testifies on Trump-Russia © Apple Developers hope the new feature will help make the roads safer. Have you been trying to be a safer driver and not look at your phone while behind the wheel? Apple has an update in the works to help. When iOS 11 comes to iPhones (and iPads) this fall, the new operating system will include a "Do Not Disturb While Driving" mode users can turn on. Apple's Senior Vice President of Software Engineering Craig Federighi announced the new feature as part of its Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose. Once the feature is turned on, your iPhone can tell when you may be driving and automatically mute your notifications so your screen remains dark. You can also set up your device to send your favorite contacts an automatic reply to tell them you are driving and will get back to them when you arrive. "It's all about keeping your eyes on the road," Federighi said. "When you are driving you don’t need to be responding to these kind of messages," he said as the mammoth screen at the San Jose Convention Center showed alerts for Tinder and games coming onto a phone.  Most contacts will receive a note saying, "I'll see your message when I get where I'm going," he said. But special contacts can be allowed to pass through so "you have the peace of mind that you can get contacted … and that message will go through," Federighi said.  "We think this is going to be a real important step in safety in the car," he said. Texting and driving continues to be a hazard and has contributed to an increase in road fatalities. At least 46 states prohibit texting while driving — and 14 states ban the use of handheld devices — but public safety advocates have continued to look for more ways to decrease the practice. A Israeli tech company Cellebrite and a New York man whose son died in a collision in which texting may have occurred is developing a "textalyzer" they hope can be used by law enforcement to see whether drivers' phones had been used recently.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Amazon exec: Alexa should be able to talk to Siri USA TODAY Wrestler with Down syndrome has no limits thanks to coach USA TODAY WhatsApp: What every parent should know USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Innovation Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Apple’s HomePod could ignite huge Chinese market for smart connected devices  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›Innovation APPLE Apple’s HomePod could ignite huge Chinese market for smart connected devices PUBLISHED : Tuesday, 06 June, 2017, 10:52am UPDATED : Tuesday, 06 June, 2017, 10:51pm Comments:   Bien Perez bien.perez@scmp.com http://twitter.com/BienPerez Share PrintEmail Apple’s new HomePod, a wireless speaker and digital assistant for the home, could ignite a potentially huge market for smart connected devices on the mainland starting next year. The introduction of the HomePod capped a major day of Apple announcements during the company’s annual worldwide developer conference in the US on Monday. “Apple will likely be selling millions of these devices in China and around the world,” said Tim Bajarin, president at technology market research firm Creative Strategies in California’s Silicon Valley. HomePod, priced at US$349 and available in white and gray, will be initially released this December in the US, Britain and Australia before rolling out to other geographic markets next year. It is powered by the same Apple A8 chip used in the latest iPhones. Bajarin, who attended a demonstration of the product prior to Monday’s announcement, said the company needed to resolve “some technical issues” before the HomePod is mass produced for the global market. Apple unveils ‘HomePod’ smart speaker, in bid to challenge Amazon and Google “The HomePod is a powerful home speaker with superior audio capabilities than other high-end speakers now in the market, and has Siri voice control that connects to other devices [based on Apple’s HomeKit framework for home automation],” he said. “With artificial intelligence and machine-learning capability as part of its architecture, the HomePod will only get smarter over time.” He pointed out, however, that the new Apple product will compete squarely against wireless home speaker systems from the likes of Bose and Sonos, and indirectly against the Amazon Echo and Google Home digital assistants. Designed to work with an Apple Music subscription for access to more than 40 million songs, HomePod provides deep knowledge of personal music preferences and tastes, and helps users discover new music. Apple estimated that it currently had 27 million paying subscribers with Apple Music. In his presentation on Monday, Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, said HomePod is designed for voice control with an array of six microphones, so users can interact with it from across the room, even while loud music is playing. Sales of smart connected speakers on the mainland are estimated to exceed half a million units this year, according to Counterpoint Research. At least 150 million households...could potentially make up the total addressable market for smart speakers in the country Neil Shah, a partner at Counterpoint “The entry of more players integrating AI and a range of smart solutions into speakers next year could drive [mainland] sales to a couple of million units from next year before recording sales of more than 10 million units per year by 2022,” said Neil Shah, a partner at Counterpoint. “Out of close to half a billion households in China, at least 150 million households — based on affluence and high annual income — could potentially make up the total addressable market for smart speakers in the country.” Chinese e-commerce giant JD. com was an early player in the domestic market for smart speakers with its LingLong DingDong, a device launched last year by its joint venture with local speech-recognition software specialist iFlytek. “We estimate there is a brewing domestic ecosystem [for smart connected speakers] which could leverage AI developments at Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent,” Shah said. He added that foreign-brand smart home speaker systems could be subjected to increased government scrutiny and regulatory hurdles to protect personal data of mainland consumers. Forrester Research analyst Julie Ask said the HomePod’s advantage is that security and privacy is fundamental to the product’s design. “It provides encrypted communications,” Ask said. Tech Wrap Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Apple’s homepod to blaze new music trail   Most Popular Viewed 1 How the QR code has forever changed China’s social habits 2 Why sovereign wealth funds are pouring billions into tech 3 Laptop ban could cost US$3.3 billion a year, airline industry says 4 Roses are red, violets are blue; does AI poetry do it for you? 5 China plans to halt issuing electric vehicle permits, sources say Shared 1 How the QR code has forever changed China’s social habits 2 Laptop ban could cost US$3.3 billion a year, airline industry says 3 Why sovereign wealth funds are pouring billions into tech 4 Tencent invests further in Chinese online tutor Yuanfudao 5 China plans to halt issuing electric vehicle permits, sources say Commented 1 Studying in China? Law, culture, language classes now compulsory 2 Live donkey fed to tigers at Chinese zoo 3 Why don’t leaders of Muslim countries condemn terror attacks? 4 CY tells young people to ‘reflect’ on Chinese identity amid June 4 saga 5 Laptop ban could cost US$3.3 billion a year, airline industry says Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like Asia US diplomat to Hong Kong says the country will continue to be a key player in Asia-Pacific Jun 6th 2017, 9:37pm Apps to help you figure out what to wear In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Business Office sauna: co-working spaces with Chinese characteristics 5 Jun 2017 - 8:00am 1 The Taper Building: Luxury apartments in London's garden suburb Brought to you by JLL The new age of Hong Kong dating: hunting hook-ups, going halves 6 Jun 2017 - 5:31pm 13 China How a history of divisive tactics has made EU suspicious of China 5 Jun 2017 - 10:00am 9 Travel & Leisure What’s in the latest Lonely Planet Hong Kong? We ask the writer... 4 Jun 2017 - 1:15pm 1 Geopolitics Australia left high and dry as India rebuffs war games offer 5 Jun 2017 - 12:31pm 9 China Mattis outrages Beijing with defence support for Taiwan 3 Jun 2017 - 11:59pm 81 Hong Kong & China Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? 3 Jun 2017 - 5:59pm 57 Hong Kong Stargazing centre and Tai O cable car axed from Lantau plan 3 Jun 2017 - 11:12pm 8 Opinion Hong Kong remains stranded in China’s post-1989 growth 4 Jun 2017 - 10:09pm 7 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, Jun 08, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Technology Apple unveils 'HomePod' speaker, first new product in years Amazon Prime is coming to its Apple TV app ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on June 5, 2017 The HomePod speaker is photographed in a a showroom during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference today. ASSOCIATED PRESS Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference. ASSOCIATED PRESS Apple's John Ternus speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print SAN JOSE, California — Apple nodded to several up-and-coming technology trends, unveiling a new “smart” home speaker and device features touching on virtual reality, online privacy and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The “HomePod” speaker unveiled Monday is similar to devices from rivals, some of which have been on the market for years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. It is the first new device Apple has announced in almost three years. It unveiled the Apple Watch in September 2014. Apple “can’t afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people’s homes to Amazon, Google and others,” said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That’s especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more “pervasive” way that’s less dependent on smarthphones, he said. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google’s Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. KEEPING IT REAL WITH VR New iMacs unveiled Monday at Apple’s annual conference for software programmers are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for development virtual-reality “experiences.” But Apple is late to the game on VR. Samsung and Google already have VR systems centered on their smartphones. Facebook, HTC and Sony have high-end VR systems, too. Virtual reality has been described as the next big thing for decades. But so far, interest has been strongest among gamers, developers and hardware makers rather than everyday users. Apple’s entry into the market could change this. Its entry into digital-music sales with iTunes, and into the smartphone market with the iPhone, upended those industries and gave them mass appeal. NEW IPHONE FEATURES New features coming to iPhones and iPads include messages that sync to Apple servers in the cloud. These devices will only keep the most recent messages in local storage. For photos, Apple is turning to a “high efficiency” format to replace the widely used JPEG standard. Although the format is not exclusive to Apple, it’s not yet clear how well the photos will work with non-Apple software and devices, which mostly use JPEG. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. MAC GETS AN UPGRADE Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the latest operating system for Mac computers. Called High Sierra, it recognizes more faces automatically, which should make it easier to organize photos, and will offer more photo editing tools. Safari, Apple’s web browser, seeks to make users’ online experience smoother and less annoying. It will allow users to automatically block auto-play videos by detecting videos that shouldn’t be playing when you open a webpage to read an article, for example. The browser’s new “intelligent tracking prevention,” meanwhile, will use machine learning to identify and block digital-ad trackers in order to keep advertisers from following and profiling users. It will not block the ads themselves, though. SIZING UP THE IPAD Apple is introducing an iPad Pro in a new size in an attempt to revive interest in its once hot-selling line of tablets. The new 10.5-inch model offers room for a full-size keyboard, something the 9.7 inch model couldn’t. Yet it isn’t as bulky as the 12.9-inch model. With consumers less interested in buying new tablets, Apple has increased its focus on designing tablets for professionals to do much of the same work that they usually perform on a laptop computer. It’s also what Microsoft is targeting with the Surface Pro; a new model comes out on June 15. The new iPad Pro also comes with a better camera — the same one found in the iPhone 7 — along with more storage, a better display and faster refreshing of moving images. The new model starts at $649 and will start shipping next week. WATCH THE WATCH Apple is also updating the operating software for its Apple Watch, including new watch faces, more personalized alerts that use machine learning to tailor information to you based on your routines and tastes. It also enhanced its workout app to, for instance, support high intensity interval training. It will also be possible to exchange data between gym equipment and the watch. In a nod to Amazon streaming fans, Apple is also bringing Amazon Prime to its Apple TV app. Related Items Tim Cook , Apple inc , Samsung Electronics Co Ltd , Amazon Prime Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Comment Insight World  Mining Banking Aviation Energy Media China Budget Events Home Business News Media June 6 2017 Save Print License article Bangles founder and Austin Powers director's secret fight against fake news Lucy Battersby Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Hollywood power couple Susanna Hoffs and Jay Roach appear to be the activist shareholders pushing internet giants Google and Facebook to be more accountable for the 'fake news' spread by their platforms. A push at Facebook's annual general meeting last week failed but a fresh attempt will be made when shareholders in Alphabet Inc (Google's parent company) meet on Thursday (Australian time). Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next The UK goes to the polls Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:17 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:46 Trump blasts 'fake news media' Trump blasts 'fake news media' On his return to the US, Donald Trump claims the reports his son-in-law tried to set up a secret channel of communications with Moscow were 'fake news'. Up Next The UK goes to the polls Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:17 Video duration 01:17 The UK goes to the polls The UK goes to the polls Voting is underway in the United Kingdom, with final polls suggesting a victory to Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party. Up Next UK's most awkward election campaign ad Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:23 Video duration 01:23 UK's most awkward election campaign ad UK's most awkward election campaign ad The internet is questioning whether UK Conservative MP, Greg Knight's campaign ad is a spoof. It's real, and well worth the watch for the homemade jingle. Up Next Leaping off the Eiffel Tower on a wire Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:02 Video duration 01:02 Leaping off the Eiffel Tower on a wire Leaping off the Eiffel Tower on a wire Thrill seekers take the plunge, leaping off the Eiffel Tower in Paris on a zip line that has been installed to celebrate the French Open tennis tournament. Up Next North Korea launches multiple cruise missiles Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:45 Video duration 00:45 North Korea launches multiple cruise ... North Korea launches multiple cruise missiles North Korea fires what appear to be several land-to-ship missiles off its east coast. Up Next Britain heads to the polls Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:35 Video duration 01:35 Britain heads to the polls Britain heads to the polls Amid security fears and terror attacks, Britain's politicians say their final words before the people cast their votes. Up Next Plane believed to have crashed in Myanmar Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 Plane believed to have crashed in Myanmar Plane believed to have crashed in Myanmar A Myanmar military plane carrying more than 100 people is believed to have crashed in southern Myanmar. Up Next The subtle art of safecracking Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 The subtle art of safecracking The subtle art of safecracking Police are searching for a man who used a stolen backhoe to try to break into an ATM in Prince George's County in Maryland. More videos Trump blasts 'fake news media' On his return to the US, Donald Trump claims the reports his son-in-law tried to set up a secret channel of communications with Moscow were 'fake news'. Fund manager Arjuna Capital will ask shareholders to vote on a resolution that would force the web giant to review the impact of fake news on its network on democracy and report back to investors. The move comes at the same time governments are examining greater regulation and transparency of online communication partly to combat terrorism.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link President Donald Trump has used the phrase 'fake news' to dismiss many news stories.  Photo: AP Fairfax Media can reveal that Ms Hoffs, a founding member of 1980s power pop band The Bangles, and Mr Roach, who directed the Austin Powers and Meet the Parents movies, match the names of two shareholders that Arjuna has nominated as the clients behind the drive for transparency at the tech companies' annual meetings.  The proposal for Google's parent, Alphabet Inc, states: "Shareholders request Alphabet issue a report...reviewing the public policy issues associated with fake news (as well as associated hate speech) enabled for Google AdSense Internet advertising mechanisms. Advertisement "The report should review the impact of current fake news flow and management systems on the democratic process, free speech, and a cohesive society, as well as reputational and operational risks from potential public policy developments".  The proposal is similar to the one defeated at Facebook's annual meeting.   SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Google founders Larry Page (left), and Sergey Brin. Google will face a vote from shareholders at this week's annual general meeting asking for greater transparency and action on fake news.  Photo: Stuart Ramson/AP 'Threat to democracy' Arjuna's managing director, Natasha Lamb, who confirmed to Fairfax Media her clients are from the entertainment industry, told the Facebook meeting on June 1 that "fake news is not about spin or confirmation bias—It's about fabrication...And when fabrication is disseminated so easily at scale, the way we have seen through Facebook's social media, it represents a threat to our democracy." "We are talking about content that is posted and disseminated with the intent to mis-lead, not the mainstream media which the President (Donald Trump) refers to as fake news." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Facebook, founded and led by CEO Mark Zuckerberg, did not receive enough shareholder votes to start reporting on fake news.  Photo: Bloomberg When asked to confirm the clients were the famous singer and her director husband Ms Lamb declined to comment. Arjuna manages about $US180 million ($A241 million) and Ms Lamb is not confident the proposal will pass at Google's meeting on Wednesday, given "insiders control more than 50 per cent of the voting power", she told Fairfax Media. But she hopes the board and management will heed shareholders concerns.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Bangles founder and member Susanna Hoffs. Photo: Getty Images Alphabet is urging shareholders to vote against the proposal, stating it already does extensive work on bad advertising practices. "Google believes strongly in the freedom of expression, but also recognises the need to protect the quality of the AdSense network for users, advertisers and publishers," it states. It already reviewed 550 sites and kicked out 200 publishers, it added.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Austin Powers director, Jay Roach. Photo: Getty Images British scrutiny These shareholder votes come just days before the UK general election, where Theresa May has made internet regulation a key election policy.  In the wake of Saturday's terrorist attack in London, Ms May said the internet in general provides terrorism with a "the safe space it needs to breed".  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Director Jay Roach (top, center) with cast members at the Goldmember red carpet. Photo: AP The Conservative party's election policy paper, Forward Together, promises a re-elected government would push internet companies to "develop technical tools to identify and remove terrorist propaganda".  It was the UK government which sparked a global boycott of YouTube in April after finding out UK government ads were appearing alongside terrorist and hate videos, potentially providing advertising revenue to the video's creators. Google, which owns YouTube, acted swiftly, and has since revealed its chief business officer, Philipp Schindler, had "literally thousands and thousands of calls [and] in-person conversations" with advertisers to stem the boycott.  Fairfax Media contacted several Australian companies that pulled advertising in April to ask if they had returned to YouTube, including Seek, Bunnings, and Telstra.  "After a period of suspended advertising SEEK has turned on YouTube advertising in a limited and cautious capacity. We are practising constant vigilance across this and other internet advertising network," a spokeswoman said.  Boycott continues But Bunnings and Telstra still have not returned to YouTube. A Bunnings spokeswoman this week said it has "suspended all YouTube advertising whilst we work with Google to find a solution". Telstra spokesman Steve Carey said: "Our pause on all advertising on YouTube remains until we are satisfied that the platform can deliver on these strict brand guidelines". "Telstra has very strict guidelines around our brand and the type of content we believe is acceptable for it to appear with. We continue to review our position with Google and have an ongoing dialogue with them around this."  Omnicom Media Group's chief executive in Australia, Peter Horgan, said it uses an 'inclusion only' list when placing ads for clients, which means brands appear on sites or next to videos that are handpicked.  And it has been working closely with Google to protect brands, but advertisers now realise that no platform is totally brand safe.   "Our clients have either returned, or are assessing what criteria will allow them to make a formal return," Mr Horgan told Fairfax Media.  The impact of the YouTube boycott on Alphabet's revenue has not yet been revealed.  The latest results only cover the first quarter of 2017, which ended on March 31. The financial impact won't be reported until first half results are published in late July.  Class A shares in Alphabet Inc stalled around $US841 during the boycott, but this week reached record highs of $US1003. Facebook shares are also at record highs of $US153.63.   Founding partner of Jevons Global, Kingsley Jones, shorted Alphabet stocks when the boycott first started, but cancelled his position before the results.  "It was clear by that time that management had contained the spread of the boycott," Mr Jones said.  "The cost of addressing the problem will likely be spread over several quarters while the direct revenue impact was confined to the back of the quarter. We probably won't know the true impact versus the counter-scenario that it never happened." He added the furore died down after Google reached out to advertisers and started restricting ads to YouTube channels with at least 10,000 views, but it remains to be seen if a "machine-learning approach will deliver on automated content filtering".  Originally published on smh.com.au as 'Bangles founder and Austin Powers director's secret fight against fake news'. 3 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Hep A frozen berries from same farm and plant as the 2015 recalled fruit Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Hep A frozen berries from same farm and plant as the 2015 recalled fruit One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas 'This is in effect wage theft': The problem of working at Aldi WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12386682 Home 12386742 News County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision Consumer Action Button Links Download News App Black History Month 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Hurricane Center Sky Cams Talking the Tropics Hour by Hour Eclipse 2017 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Buresh Blog Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries What's On WJAX-TV Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Super Bowl NHRA Gatornationals Contest Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Adopt A Nest Jazz Festival Take Steps Walk March for Babies 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida 506187273 Daytona Contest 506187279 NHRA Gatornationals Contest More Sign up for Action News Jax Newsletters Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals by: MICHAEL LIEDTKE and BARBARA ORTUTAY, AP Technology Writers Updated: Jun 5, 2017 - 8:47 PM SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - Apple is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers - the latest test of the iPhone maker's ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals. The trend-setting company also is putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced Monday escalate Apple's technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. NO PLACE LIKE HOMEPOD The "HomePod" speaker unveiled at Apple's annual developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple's iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple's own music streaming service, which runs $10 to $15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod's owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. "It will reinvent home audio," boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google's Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. APPLE VS. THE DRY SPELL The HomePod is Apple's first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn't been a smash hit, fueling worries that the company's ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. During Jobs' last decade, Apple introduced the iPod, iPhone and iPad - all huge commercial successes that both reshaped daily life and swamped previous digital music players, smartphones and tablets. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company "can't afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people's homes to Amazon, Google and others," said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That's especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more "pervasive" way that's less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it's also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon's Alexa, Google's Assistant and Microsoft's Cortana, Blaber said. (Many reviewers have suggested that the current incarnation of Apple's assistant already trails competitors in key respects .) "This is the start of the AI wars," he said. MACS, PHONES AND PAYMENTS Apple had plenty of other announcements. New iMacs released Monday are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality "experiences," although the company didn't announce any consumer VR products. Safari, Apple's web browser, is getting new features aimed at online annoyances. It will block videos that start playing automatically, for instance, and can also prevent ads from following and profiling users. It will not actually block ads, though. Apple also introduced a new version of its business-oriented iPad Pro at an intermediate size with more storage, a better display and an improved camera. It's part of Apple's effort to entice professionals with tablets that can handle many tasks previously reserved for laptops. New features coming to iPhones and iPads, meanwhile, include marginal improvements such as syncing messages to Apple servers in the cloud, saving storage space on phones and tablets. Apple also laid some groundwork for augmented reality, the projection of digital features onto real-world surroundings, by giving app developers tools for incorporating AR into their products. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. __ Ortutay reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Gianforte apologizes to reporter for assault before election The Latest: Comey arrives in Senate to testify on Trump Trump suggests Iran shares some blame for extremist attacks Twisted Sister sues promoter over unpaid farewell show fee News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Toggle navigation View All Specials Abarth Citroen Holden Kia Mazda Porsche Suzuki Alfa Romeo DS HSV Lamborghini McLaren Proton Tesla Alpina Ferrari Honda Land Rover Mercedes-Benz RAM Toyota Aston Martin Fiat Hyundai LDV MG Renault Volkswagen Audi Ford Infiniti Lexus MINI Rolls-Royce Volvo Bentley Foton Isuzu Lotus Mitsubishi SKODA BMW Great Wall Jaguar Mahindra Nissan SsangYong Chrysler Haval Jeep Maserati Peugeot Subaru New Cars View All Specials Abarth Citroen Holden Kia Mazda Porsche Suzuki Alfa Romeo DS HSV Lamborghini McLaren Proton Tesla Alpina Ferrari Honda Land Rover Mercedes-Benz RAM Toyota Aston Martin Fiat Hyundai LDV MG Renault Volkswagen Audi Ford Infiniti Lexus MINI Rolls-Royce Volvo Bentley Foton Isuzu Lotus Mitsubishi SKODA BMW Great Wall Jaguar Mahindra Nissan SsangYong Chrysler Haval Jeep Maserati Peugeot Subaru Reviews View All Abarth Citroen Holden Kia Mazda Porsche Suzuki Alfa Romeo DS HSV Lamborghini McLaren Proton Tesla Alpina Ferrari Honda Land Rover Mercedes-Benz RAM Toyota Aston Martin Fiat Hyundai LDV MG Renault Volkswagen Audi Ford Infiniti Lexus MINI Rolls-Royce Volvo Bentley Foton Isuzu Lotus Mitsubishi SKODA BMW Great Wall Jaguar Mahindra Nissan SsangYong Chrysler Haval Jeep Maserati Peugeot Subaru News View All Abarth Citroen Holden Kia Mazda Porsche Suzuki Alfa Romeo DS HSV Lamborghini McLaren Proton Tesla Alpina Ferrari Honda Land Rover Mercedes-Benz RAM Toyota Aston Martin Fiat Hyundai LDV MG Renault Volkswagen Audi Ford Infiniti Lexus MINI Rolls-Royce Volvo Bentley Foton Isuzu Lotus Mitsubishi SKODA BMW Great Wall Jaguar Mahindra Nissan SsangYong Chrysler Haval Jeep Maserati Peugeot Subaru More Login Compare (0) Used Cars Login Explore all cars I can afford   1. Explore Cars Choose from all makes and models City From $15,606 Compact From $17,397 Mid-Size From $27,182 Large From $30,272 Sports From $33,465 SUV From $19,457 Ute/Cab From $34,907 People Mover From $29,757 Van From $22,547 2. Refine by budget Min Price $5,000 $10,000 $15,000 $20,000 $25,000 $30,000 $35,000 $40,000 $45,000 $50,000 $55,000 $60,000 $65,000 $70,000 $75,000 $80,000 $85,000 $90,000 $95,000 $100,000 $105,000 $110,000 $115,000 $120,000 $125,000 $130,000 $135,000 $140,000 $145,000 $150,000 $155,000 $160,000 $165,000 $170,000 $175,000 $180,000 $185,000 $190,000 $195,000 $200,000 $205,000 $210,000 $215,000 $220,000 $225,000 $230,000 $235,000 $240,000 $245,000 $250,000 Max Price $5,000 $10,000 $15,000 $20,000 $25,000 $30,000 $35,000 $40,000 $45,000 $50,000 $55,000 $60,000 $65,000 $70,000 $75,000 $80,000 $85,000 $90,000 $95,000 $100,000 $105,000 $110,000 $115,000 $120,000 $125,000 $130,000 $135,000 $140,000 $145,000 $150,000 $155,000 $160,000 $165,000 $170,000 $175,000 $180,000 $185,000 $190,000 $195,000 $200,000 $205,000 $210,000 $215,000 $220,000 $225,000 $230,000 $235,000 $240,000 $245,000 $250,000 Select a lifestyle above   New Cars For Sale Select a model 124 (4) 595 (6) 4C (2) Giulia (5) Giulietta (3) B3 (2) B4 (2) B7 (1) DB11 (2) Rapide (1) V12 (2) V8 (4) Vanquish (2) A1 (5) A3 (11) A4 (8) A5 (6) A6 (6) A7 (3) A8 (3) Q2 (2) Q3 (4) Q5 (5) Q7 (2) R8 (3) RS Q3 (1) RS3 (1) RS6 (1) RS7 (1) S1 (1) S3 (5) S4 (2) S5 (2) S6 (1) S7 (1) S8 (2) SQ5 (2) SQ7 (1) TT (10) Bentayga (2) Continental (10) Flying Spur (3) Mulsanne (2) 118d (6) 118i (6) 120i (6) 125i (2) 218d (3) 218i (3) 220i (15) 230i (8) 318i (6) 320d (9) 320i (12) 330e (3) 330i (15) 340i (4) 420i (18) 430i (18) 440i (4) 520d (6) 530d (4) 530i (2) 535i (4) 540i (2) 640d (1) 640i (3) 650i (3) 730d (1) 740e (1) 740i (1) 740Li (1) 750i (1) 750Li (1) i3 (2) i8 (1) M140i (2) M2 (3) M240i (4) M3 (4) M4 (8) M6 (3) M760Li (1) X1 (3) X3 (3) X4 (4) X5 (7) X6 (5) 300 (3) Berlingo (4) C3 (1) C4 Cactus (3) C5 (2) DS3 (2) DS4 (1) Grand C4 Picasso (1) 5 (2) 488 GTB (1) 488 Spider (1) California (1) F12berlinetta (1) GTC4Lusso (2) 500 (4) 500C (4) 500X (5) Doblo (4) Ducato (9) EcoSport (5) Escape (8) Everest (5) Fiesta (7) Focus (9) Mondeo (10) Mustang (6) Ranger (37) Territory (9) Transit (7) Transit Custom (4) Tunland (5) Steed (3) H2 (2) H6 (2) H8 (3) H9 (2) Astra (8) Barina (3) Calais (5) Caprice (1) Captiva (11) Cascada (1) Colorado (26) Commodore (10) Spark (3) Trailblazer (2) Trax (4) Ute (6) Clubsport (3) GTS (2) Maloo (2) Senator (2) Accord (3) City (3) Civic (10) CR-V (7) HR-V (3) Jazz (4) NSX (1) Odyssey (4) Accent (6) Elantra (5) Genesis (2) i30 (9) i40 (6) iLoad (4) iMax (2) Santa Fe (8) Sonata (3) Tucson (10) Veloster (4) Q30 (5) Q50 (7) Q60 (3) Q70 (3) QX30 (2) QX70 (3) QX80 (1) D-MAX (30) MU-X (8) F-Pace (12) F-TYPE (28) XE (8) XF (8) XJ (7) XJR (1) Cherokee (2) Compass (2) Grand Cherokee (8) Patriot (2) Renegade (6) Wrangler (8) Carnival (8) Cerato (10) Optima (2) Picanto (2) Rio (4) Rondo (2) Sorento (8) Soul (1) Sportage (7) Aventador (5) Huracan (5) Discovery (13) Discovery Sport (6) Range Rover (13) Range Rover Evoque (12) Range Rover Sport (13) Range Rover Velar (42) G10 (6) V80 (8) CT200h (4) ES300h (2) ES350 (2) GS F (1) GS200t (2) GS300h (2) GS350 (2) GS450h (2) IS200t (3) IS300h (3) IS350 (3) LS460 (2) LS600h (1) LX570 (1) NX (8) RC (8) RX200t (3) RX350 (3) RX450h (3) Elise (3) Evora (4) Exige (4) Genio (4) PIK-UP (8) XUV500 (4) Ghibli (4) GranCabrio (3) GranTurismo (4) Levante (3) Quattroporte (9) 2 (14) 3 (24) 6 (14) BT-50 (23) CX-3 (14) CX-5 (12) CX-9 (8) MX-5 (12) 540C (1) 570GT (1) 570S (1) 720S (3) A180 (1) A200 (2) A250 (1) A45 (2) AMG GT (2) B180 (1) B200 (2) B250 (1) C200 (6) C250 (5) C300 (2) C350 (2) C43 (4) C63 (4) CLA200 (2) CLA220 (2) CLA250 (2) CLA45 (4) CLS250 (2) CLS400 (1) CLS500 (2) CLS63 (1) E200 (1) E220 (3) E250 (3) E300 (2) E350 (2) E400 (2) E43 (1) E63 (2) G350 (1) G63 (1) GLA180 (1) GLA220 (1) GLA250 (1) GLA45 (1) GLC220 (2) GLC250 (4) GLC350 (2) GLC43 (2) GLE250 (1) GLE350 (2) GLE43 (2) GLE500 (1) GLE63 (2) GLS350 (2) GLS500 (1) GLS63 (1) Marco Polo ACTIVITY (1) Maybach S600 (1) S300 (1) S350 (2) S400 (1) S500 (5) S600 (1) S63 (4) S65 (3) SL400 (1) SL500 (1) SL63 (1) SLC180 (2) SLC200 (1) SLC300 (1) SLC43 (1) Sprinter (46) V220 (1) V250 (1) Valente (1) Vito (14) GS (4) MG3 (3) MG6 PLUS (3) Clubman (6) Convertible (6) Countryman (4) Hatch (20) ASX (5) Lancer (7) Mirage (3) Outlander (11) Pajero (3) Pajero Sport (3) Triton (20) 370Z (4) GT-R (3) JUKE (4) Navara (29) Pathfinder (9) Patrol (2) QASHQAI (6) X-Trail (10) 2008 (3) 208 (4) 3008 (2) 308 (6) 4008 (2) 508 (2) 718 (8) 911 (12) 911 Carrera (24) Cayenne (13) Macan (6) Panamera (12) Exora (2) Jumbuck (2) Suprima S (2) 2500 (2) 3500 (2) Captur (3) Clio (10) Kangoo (6) Koleos (4) Master (18) Megane (8) Trafic (7) Ghost (2) Wraith (1) Fabia (6) Kodiaq (1) Octavia (12) Rapid (4) Superb (8) Yeti (3) Korando (2) BRZ (4) Forester (10) Impreza (8) Levorg (2) Liberty (3) Outback (7) WRX (8) XV (4) APV (1) Baleno (3) Celerio (2) Grand Vitara (6) Ignis (3) Jimny (2) S-Cross (2) Swift (7) Vitara (6) Model S (5) Model X (4) 86 (4) Aurion (3) C-HR (5) Camry (8) Corolla (12) Fortuner (6) Hiace (15) Hilux (29) Kluger (6) Landcruiser (17) Landcruiser Prado (10) Prius (2) Prius C (2) Prius V (2) RAV4 (11) Tarago (5) Yaris (5) Amarok (10) Caddy (12) Caravelle (1) CC (1) Crafter (2) Golf (16) Jetta (5) Multivan (5) Passat (10) Polo (6) Scirocco (2) Tiguan (7) Touareg (6) Transporter (13) S60 (8) S90 (5) V40 (5) V40 Cross Country (3) V60 (5) V60 Cross Country (2) V90 Cross Country (1) XC60 (7) XC90 (9) Search All New Car Specials View all Ends 30 June 2017 2017 VOLKSWAGEN AMAROK $50,655 save $7,665 Showroom Quick Search Featuring Model Prices and Specifications, plus Reviews, News and Videos. Abarth (10) Alfa Romeo (10) Alpina (5) Aston Martin (11) Audi (89) Bentley (17) BMW (219) Chrysler (3) Citroen (14) DS (2) Ferrari (6) Fiat (26) Ford (107) Foton (5) Great Wall (3) Haval (9) Holden (80) HSV (9) Honda (35) Hyundai (59) Infiniti (24) Isuzu (38) Jaguar (64) Jeep (28) Kia (44) Lamborghini (10) Land Rover (99) LDV (14) Lexus (55) Lotus (11) Mahindra (16) Maserati (23) Mazda (121) McLaren (6) Mercedes-Benz (185) MG (10) MINI (36) Mitsubishi (52) Nissan (67) Peugeot (19) Porsche (75) Proton (6) RAM (4) Renault (56) Rolls-Royce (3) SKODA (34) SsangYong (2) Subaru (46) Suzuki (32) Tesla (9) Toyota (142) Volkswagen (96) Volvo (45)   Apple Introduces ‘Do Not Disturb While Driving’ Feature To Prevent Driver Distraction Close x View Gallery   0 Comments   Previous article: McLaren Appoints Rob Melville As Design Director   Next article: Nissan-Mitsubishi Chairman Pushes For Stronger Sales In Australia tweet TMR Team See full gallery > TMR Team | Jun 6, 2017 Apple has used its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) event in California overnight to announce a new driving-related safety feature aimed at reducing driver distraction. Called ‘Do Not Disturb While Driving’ the function does exactly as it suggests, and activates the existing Do Not Disturb function to prevent phone calls, text messages and other notifications from causing a potential driver distraction. The feature works via the phone’s Bluetooth connectivity to set itself to Do Not Disturb mode when it detects a connection to a vehicle’s Bluetooth. Even in situations where Bluetooth isn’t active the phone will monitor its surroundings and if it detects it might be in a car will wait until the end of the drive to suggest enabling the Do Not Disturb While Driving function. The new feature forms part of Apple’s iOS 11 software update for mobile devices, which will ship with the next-generation iPhone from September this year and be available to existing iPhone owners via download around the same time. Pre-release ‘beta’ versions of the software are immediately available to the developer community. "We're building on 'do not disturb' with a feature called 'do not disturb while driving', and it's all about keeping your eyes on the road," Craig Federighi, Apple’s senoir vice president of software engineering told attendees at WWDC. "When you're driving you don't need to be responding to these kinds of messages, in fact you don't need to see them. "So now when you install iOS11 we're going to use Bluetooth to understand if you're connected to a car – even if you don't have Bluetooth we're going to use WiFi doppler effect to measure that you're moving in a car and when you finish that first drive we're going to suggest 'hey, how about we activate do not disturb while driving'." As with many other phone functions, owners will be required to first enable the Do Not Disturb function, and the system won't automatically lock people out of their phone. Users that do unlock their phone in a moving car will get a message saying "you will not receive notifications while driving". Anyone that sends a text message to a phone using the function will be alerted via an automated reply which states "I'm driving with Do Not Disturb turned on. I'll see your message when I get where I'm going". Apple has also provided the ability to disable the new function by telling the phone you are the passenger. Along with the new Do Not Disturb While Driving feature, Apple will also add new functions to Apple Maps including speed limit information and lane guidance information during navigation. Federighi says the brand wanted to reduce distraction behind the wheel for people who do not have Apple CarPlay fitted in new cars, however unlike Android Auto, which can launch a driving mode on the phone itself without the need for a compatible headunit, Apple has yet to introduce an on-screen version of CarPlay for its mobile devices. MORE: Apple | Bluetooth | Safety   Previous McLaren Appoints Rob Melville As Design Director   Next Nissan-Mitsubishi Chairman Pushes For Stronger Sales In Australia tweet Published 6-Jun-2017 Filed under Safety Technology Apple iPhone mobile phones News Apple bluetooth smartphone apple ios in the car apple carplay 2017   Links Latest News Green Cars 4wd & Commercials Family Cars Lifestyle Cars Enthusiast Spec The Motor Report on Facebook News Entertainment Motorcycles Safety Supercars Political Industry Green Technology Motor Racing   More news on drive.com.au Reviews Hatch SUV Sedan 4WD Wagon Commercial People Mover Performance Green About TMR About TMR Advertising on TMR Terms & Conditions Contact Privacy Policy Site disclaimers * ^ Copyright © The Motor Report 2017. All Rights Reserved. Where possible Drive Away Pricing based on Sydney. Change Your postcode is set to 2000. You can update this setting below. Submit Invalid postcode. Please try again New Car Specials View all Ends 30 June 2017 2017 VOLKSWAGEN AMAROK $50,655 save $7,665 Get the best deal!   Interested in a new car? Simply tell us the vehicle you are interested in and we can take care of the rest. Select a make Abarth Alfa Romeo Alpina Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Chrysler Citroen DS Ferrari Fiat Ford Foton Great Wall Haval Holden Holden Special Vehicles Honda Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover LDV Lexus Lotus Mahindra Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MG MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Peugeot Porsche Proton RAM Renault Rolls-Royce SKODA SsangYong Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Make required Name required Last Name should be a hidden field. Please delete if you are a real person. Valid Phone required Valid Email required Valid Postcode required Thank you for your enquiry. One of our accredited supply network will be in touch in the next 24 hours.   Or Call 1300 438 639 To get a great deal from our national accredited supply network.   Search Again finance calculator Finance Calculator Loan Amount Interest Rate Select a Rate 0.25% 0.5% 0.75% 1.00% 1.25% 1.5% 1.75% 2.00% 2.25% 2.5% 2.75% 3.00% 3.25% 3.5% 3.75% 4.00% 4.25% 4.5% 4.75% 5.00% 5.25% 5.5% 5.75% 6.00% 6.25% 6.5% 6.75% 7.00% 7.25% 7.5% 7.75% 8.00% 8.25% 8.5% 8.75% 9.00% 9.25% 9.5% 9.75% 10.00% Loan Term Select a Term 1 year 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years Balloon Select a Balloon 0% 10% 15% 20% 25% 30% 35% 40% WEEKLY MONTHLY Repayment is: $   New Car Search Select Make Abarth Alfa Romeo Alpina Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Chrysler Citroen DS Ferrari Fiat Ford Foton Great Wall Haval Holden Holden Special Vehicles Honda Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover LDV Lexus Lotus Mahindra Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MG MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Peugeot Porsche Proton RAM Renault Rolls-Royce SKODA SsangYong Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Subscribe to our newsletter Get great offers, the latest news and reviews, photos, videos and more delivered straight to your inbox. Email Address * ×Close Compare List Maximum of 5 cars selected. Please remove one of the below. Close Compare Cars
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Scientists at work Subscribe Technophrenia On the interface between technology, people and society With a focus on AI, VR and AR, Apple announces hardware and software upgrades June 5, 2017 11.34pm EDT David Glance Author David Glance Director of UWA Centre for Software Practice, University of Western Australia Disclosure statement David Glance owns shares in Apple Partners University of Western Australia provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation AU. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Apple’s HomePod Apple Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Apple’s World Wide Developers Conference 2017 (WWDC) started today with the traditional keynote speech announcing Apple’s new and upgraded software and hardware. The overall takeaway from the announcements showed the increasing convergence of the mobile platform, especially the iPads with desktop computing. Artificial intelligence, augmented reality and virtual reality have also become a focus for all platforms. It would be easy to couch these announcements as moves to combat similar products and capabilities from Google and Amazon, especially in the case of the Apple’s new HomePod smart speaker. However, in the case of the speaker, Apple has taken a different direction to Google and Amazon and concentrated on delivering a device that is focused on simply being a speaker to play music rather than be a conduit for access to a smart assistant (in the case of Google’s home speaker) or for access to shopping on Amazon’s network (in the case of the Echo). Apple’s announcements indicate that it has become sensitive to public opinion and has responded to criticisms levelled at the lack of hardware that would support the demands of their high end user base. What did Apple Announce? New and Upgraded Hardware There are refreshes of the iMac, MacBook Pro and MacBook with a brand new iMac Pro. iMacs have upgraded displays and graphics capabilities enabling the use of VR including the availability of various VR games platforms like Steam VR. The popular 9.7" iPad Pro has been replaced with a 10.5" model with updated graphics and processing capabilities. In particular, the screen’s refresh rate has been doubled, in part to support an improved responsiveness to the Apple Pencil. HomePod The biggest announcement for new hardware was probably the HomePod, Apple’s smart speaker. Effectively, this is a speaker that can respond to voice commands through Siri. The details of this are sketchy and it would appear that you would need an Apple Device to set it up and configure it. Positioning it primarily as a speaker is a clever move on Apple’s part because it is unlikely to be able to do much more particularly effectively. Even Amazon has added a screen to its Echo device to provide enhanced capabilities. Software upgrades On the Mac, macOS will not get a major upgrade and so the next version will be called macOS High Sierra (Version 10.13). One could argue that the use of the “major” qualifier has been a somewhat arbitrary decision in the past but by not using it, customers have had their expectations set lower. Having said that, there is a significant change with this version of the operating system with the now mandatory use of the Apple File System, APFS. Already available on iOS devices from version 10.3, APFS is now available on the Mac, providing improvements in performance and security and is worth upgrading to enable. Other updates include changes in Apple Mail and new features in Safari including the much welcomed blocking of autoplaying videos and blocking of website tracking. In iOS 11, there is a new Files app that integrates iCloud and other cloud drives in one app as well as allowing access to local storage. On the iPad, there is an expanded Dock with the ability to launch 2 apps direct from the dock. Drag and drop of content has been added that allows content to be shared from one app to another open app in split view. The functionality of the iPad Pro has been updated with more seamless use of Apple Pencil and Notes. Notes can be activated from the lock screen for example, annotating screen shots. There is support for inline drawing within notes and emails. Handwriting can be searched. Another feature, previously supplied only be third party apps is the ability to “scan” documents, store and enhance them. Keyboard improvements included allowing for single hand operation by compressing the keyboard to the side and making numbers accessible from character keys by using a “flicking down” motion. iOS sees the support for augmented reality with new a new programmatic interface. This will allow developers to add this type of feature easily to their apps. Apple claims that the underlying image recognition that powers this feature is much faster than that available on Google Android and its hardware. Siri has got smarter with the ability to provide language translation. It is not clear whose underlying translation engine is being used but it appears not to be Google’s after testing a few phrases. Google dramatically improved its language translation capabilities last year and Apple will have a long way to go to catch up in this area. In maps, Apple has added indoor maps. Again, Apple has improved its maps capabilities but it lags significantly behind Google. Previous post June 4, 2017 How to escape the media’s obsession with Trump and filter him from the web Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter Most popular on The Conversation The rising homegrown terror threat on the right Why do only some people get ‘skin orgasms’ from listening to music? Why Jefferson’s vision of American Islam matters today Should we put juveniles away for life? Meet the teen who sparked a debate Are we overreacting to US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate? What’s behind the fidget spinner fad? 7 in 10 smartphone apps share your data with third-party services Working memory: How you keep things ‘in mind’ over the short term How math education can catch up to the 21st century How bad could Trump’s Paris Agreement withdrawal be? A scientist’s perspective Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 51,200 academics and researchers from 2,053 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
   FOLLOW PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION LOGIN / REGISTER press enter to search LOGIN / REGISTER PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS LIFESTYLE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ARTS & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS FOOD BOOKS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS follow JPLUS     LOGIN / REGISTER LOGIN / REGISTER PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION HOME LIFESTYLE entertainment arts & culture technology people health parents food books Video follow JPLUS     most viewed Granting Indonesian youth access to reproductive health rights S. Korean pop star T.O.P in 'critical condition' Czech 'GyroDrive' beats flying cars for hybrid licence Ramadhan recipe: The Westin Jakarta's 'biji salak' ‘Pokémon Ultra Sun’ and ‘Ultra Moon’ coming to Nintendo 3DS this November Science & Tech Apple 'HomePod' speaker to take on Amazon, Google Glenn Chapman Agence France-Presse San José, United States | Tue, June 6, 2017 | 10:10 am Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    New Apple HomePod smart speaker are on display during Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California, on June 05, 2017. (AFP/Josh Edelson) Apple will later this year release a "HomePod" music-centric smart home speaker, challenging a market currently dominated by Amazon and Google in its latest move to weave deeper into people's lives. HomePod, aided by Apple's Siri digital assistant, will be priced at $349 when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain, the tech giant announced at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. "We really believe it is going to take your home music experience to the next level," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said as he unveiled it. HomePod will take on lower priced Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have had momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. Apple's Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller announces HomePod as he speaks during the opening keynote address the 2017 Apple Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) at the San Jose Convention Center on June 5, 2017 in San Jose, California. Apple CEO Tim Cook kicked off the five-day WWDC that runs through June 9.( GETTY IMAGES NORTH AMERICA / AFP/Justin Sullivan) It is designed to work with the Apple Music subscription service and can produce rich sound while tapping into the artificial intelligence power of Siri. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the company's Siri team had tuned the assistant into a "musicologist" that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the internet cloud. The speaker has the "power to rock the house," according to Schiller, and the aim is to make HomePod a potent assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. Playing to strength HomePod capped a keynote presentation that included updates to Apple's iPad and Mac laptop lines, and upgraded operating software enabling augmented reality for iPhones and iPads. Analysts said Apple is playing to its strength in the music industry by focusing on sound quality and its catalog of songs. "Apple is smart to frame the HomePod as a music-centric and audio-centric device rather than just another smart speaker or another home for Siri," said Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson. "The fact that Apple is claiming to marry really great and smart audio with a smart assistant and cloud music service makes this device unique in the market." A prototype of Apple's new HomePod is displayed during the 2017 Apple Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) at the San Jose Convention Center on June 5, 2017 in San Jose, California. Apple CEO Tim Cook kicked off the five-day WWDC with announcements of a a new operating system, a new iPad Pro and a the HomePod, a music speaker and home assistant. WWDC runs through June 9. ( GETTY IMAGES NORTH AMERICA / AFP/Justin Sullivan) Read also: Four online shopping tips for Ramadhan Some industry insiders, however, note Apple will be under more pressure to improve the computing smarts of its Siri software in the face of offerings from rivals Google and Amazon. Apple has given Siri new male and female voices, described as more natural and expressive, and added abilities such as translating English phrases into Chinese, French, German, Italian or Spanish. Apple said it is also using 'on-device learning' to enable Siri to take people's tastes into account. Amazon has dominated the connected speakers category since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home. Macs and iPads Cook also used the Apple keynote to show off new iPad and Mac computer models, as well as provide glimpses at coming versions of the software powering the technology titan's devices. Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi said the next Mac operating system will be named "High Sierra" in tribute to the California mountain range. High Sierra features will include being able to stop unexpected videos from starting to play automatically when landing on web pages and "intelligent tracking prevention" that will prevent ads from following people about the internet. High Sierra will be released later this year as a free update, according to Federighi. Along with upgraded versions of iPad and Mac laptops, Apple unveiled an iMac Pro work station that had the computing built in behind the screen and was touted as the most powerful computer the company has ever made. Aimed at high-end design professionals rather than the home market, the iMac Pro is to begin shipping in December with a starting price of $4,999. A new Apple HomePod smart speaker is seen on display during Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California on June 05, 2017. (AFP/Josh Edelson) Mac models were also boosted to work with virtual reality gear, a move by Apple into technology that Facebook has embraced with its Oculus unit. Apple told the developers they were overhauling the App Store, giving it a fresh look, and beginning to add the floor plans of shops and airports to its map program. And the operating system for mobile devices is getting a major update with iOS 11. Changes included making iPads more efficient and being able to send money to friends using Apple's messaging application for mobile devices. A set of iOS 11 features including enabling smartphone cameras to read QR codes are aimed at the China market, where Apple would like to bolster iPhone sales. Tags : Apple,HomePod,smart-speaker,speaker,music follow JPLUS     Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Hot Stories People 12:39 pm Jokowi among most-followed leaders on Twitter Art & Culture 11:50 am Purwakanthi seeks to preserve classic Surakartan Javanese dances in Jakarta Art & Culture 10:49 am Late maestro S. Sudjojono’s sketches, memorabilia showcased in Jakarta NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
Home Download News App Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather Keeping your family safe during severe weather Color The Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Consumer Investigations Smokies Wildfires Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School USA Cycling National Championships Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Report It! Send News Tips Meet the Team Contact Meet the Team Contact Us 66° F Overcast Hi: 76° F Lo: 57° F Forecast Radar WebCams Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Consumer Investigations Rebuilding Gatlinburg Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Smokies Wildfires Latest Headlines Singer Phil Collins cancels show after hotel room fall Updated: 1 min ago Singer Phil Collins has been rushed to the hospital after a fall in his London hotel room left him with a severe gash near his eye that requ… Nashville police investigate assault complaint against Rex Ryan Updated: 13 mins ago Nashville police are investigating a misdemeanor assault complaint made by a man who says former Buffalo Bills and New York Jets coach Rex R… LIVE: Comey to testify before Senate panel in 1st public remarks since firing Updated: 25 mins ago Things to know about ex-FBI head’s James Comey’s testimony 6:02 am Keith Urban wins big at CMT Awards, Underwood makes history 5:34 am Weather Weather Color The Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 66° F Overcast Feels Like: 66° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 73% Dewpoint: 57° F Sunrise: 6:18 AM Sunset: 8:51 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School USA Cycling National Championships More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes More As Seen On WATE Report It Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Tennessee This Week More About Us Work For Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 66° F Overcast Hi: 76° F Lo: 57° F These are the biggest new features coming to the iPhone WATE 6 On Your Side staff Published: June 5, 2017, 10:37 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Apple) SAN JOSE, Calif. (WATE) — Apple has unveiled major updates to their iPhones, iPads, watches and Mac computers Monday at their annual developers conference in San Jose, California. During the conference, Apple nodded to several up-and-coming technology trends, unveiling a new “smart” home speaker and device features touching on virtual reality, online privacy and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. Siri gets a new voice One of the biggest changes is coming to Apple’s digital assistant. Siri is getting a new voice. Not only will Apple offer new male and female voices, but Apple says using the latest advancements in artificial intelligence and machine learning, their voices will be more natural and expressive, adjust intonation, pitch, emphasis and tempo while speaking and can translate English words and phrases into Chinese, French, German, Italian or Spanish. Apple says Siri extends beyond voice, using on-device learning to deliver more personal experiences and offers suggestions based on personal usage of apps such as Safari, News, Mail and Messages. For example, as Siri learns topics or places a user is interested in while browsing Safari, they will be suggested when typing in Mail, Messages and other apps. Professional camera and photos features (Apple) With iOS 11 comes several camera upgrades. Apple says users will be able to take better photos in low lights thanks to image stabilization, flash and HDR. They’re also adding new photo effects, such as long exposure. They are also adding new editing options for live photos with new effects that create continuous video loops as well as a long exposure effect that can capture time and movement. Pay friends with Apple Pay With upgraded Apple Pay if your co-worker is buying you lunch and you want to pay them back it is as easy as a text message. Apple says their users will be able to make and receive payments quickly and securely right in Messages. You can also tell Siri to pay someone using credit or debit cars already in your Wallet. When users get paid, they receive the money in their new Apple Pay Cash account. They can use the money instantly to send to someone, make purchases using Apple Pay in stores, apps and on the web, or transfer it from Apple Pay Cash to their bank account. Do Not Disturb While Driving Apple is introducing a new feature to help drivers stay focused on the road. When Do Not Disturb While Driving is on, the iPhone can detect when you may be driving and automatically silences notifications to keep the screen dark. Users also have the option of sending an auto reply to contacts listed in Favorites to let them know they are driving and cannot respond until they arrive at their destination. Apple unveils ‘HomePod’ speaker, first new product in years (Apple) Apple nodded to several up-and-coming technology trends, unveiling a new “smart” home speaker and device features touching on virtual reality, online privacy and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The “HomePod” speaker is similar to devices from rivals, some of which have been on the market for years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. It is the first new device Apple has announced in almost three years. It unveiled the Apple Watch in September 2014. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google’s Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. Additional features Apple is redesigning their control center to offer frequently used controls on one page. A new lock screens delivers a more convenient way to see Notifications all in one place Apple Maps adds indoor maps for major airports and shopping centers around the world and lane guidance to avoid missing a turn or exit Apple Music will allow users to share songs using iMessage. Subscribers can also create a profile so their friends can follow them, listen to playlists they’ve shared and see the music they listen to most. A one-handed keyboard mode makes typing on the go easier. A new QuickType keyboard on iPad delivers quick access to numbers, symbols and punctuation. Home supports more categories of accessories including AirPlay 2 speakers and more ways to automate your home with new triggers.AirPlay 2 offers multi-room audio enabling users to easily control speakers using Control Center, the Home app or Siri. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Google unveils latest tech tricks as computers get smarter The Latest: Google’s stand-alone VR _ free of phones, PCs Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones Samsung’s Galaxy S8 phone aims to dispel the Note 7 debacle Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © 1998-2017 WATE.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy Work For Us FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Speaking in Tech: Blame millennials for customer engagement upheaval Cloud VMs without firewalls sound nutty, right? That's what Digital Ocean sold … HPE ignored SAN failure warnings at Australian Taxation Office, had no recovery plan Did someone say server sales are crappy? Yes, nearly everyone Apple appears to relax ban on apps fetching, running extra code – remains aloof as always Microsoft SCOM crashed some web apps, but the fix didn't fix it Hotel guest goes broke after booking software gremlin makes her pay for strangers' rooms Microsoft totters from time machine clutching Windows 10 Workstation Ex-SpaceX avionics tech loses safety certificate-forging wrongful dismissal lawsuit Paxo trashes privacy, social media and fake news at Infosec 2017 Most vulnerabilities first blabbed about online or on the dark web US spook-sat buzzed the International Space Station So despite all the cash ploughed into big data, no one knows how to make it profitable HPE: You're rubbish at hybrid cloud – so we'll cook a NüStack to fix it HPE claims new gen-10 ProLiants have more mem persistence, more secure server firmware Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? State of DevOps: Everyone's slinging code out faster First-day-on-the-job dev: I accidentally nuked production database, was instantly fired How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Policy The Channel Live blog: Fired FBI director spills the beans to Senate committee Spy commissioners: Did we audit our bulk data sharing with industry? Err... not exactly Nuns chastise Google and Eric names Larry greatest human alive HPE to staff: 'We are PERMANENTLY clipping your costs' State senator sacked by broadband biz Frontier after voting in favor of broadband competition When can real-world laws invade augmented reality fantasies? A trial in Milwaukee will decide Dish Network hit with $280 MEEELLION fine for relentless robocalling Apple gives world ... umm ... not much new actually Geek's Guide Feeling old? Well, we're older than that: Newly found Homo sapien jaw dates back 350k years Busted Russian casino hackers had an appetite for drugs and chocolate Meteor swarm spawns new and dangerous branch Two hot Jupiters around two similar stars orbiting at similar distances look similar, right? WRONG Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Infosec guru Schneier: Govts WILL intervene to regulate Internet of Sh!t The harsh reality of Apple's augmented reality toolset ARKit: It's an incredible battery hog Would you let DJ E-to-the-Musk set the playlist for your roadtrip? EU, China may demand concessions for Qualcomm's $39bn Dutch chip plant slurp Verity Stob Hyperloop One teases idea of 50-minute London-Edinburgh ride Class clowns literally classless: Harvard axes meme-flinging morons Oil and lube firm offers to ease pains of frustrated office workers Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop 10 Emergent Tech Artificial Intelligence Every time Apple said 'machine learning', we had a drink andsgd oh*][ Yasss Steve i mean Tim... sorry... tell ush moar ab, ab, aboat aaye eye 6 Jun 2017 at 03:02, Thomas Claburn WWDC While touting forthcoming operating system features at its annual developer conference on Monday, Apple made sure to mention machine learning and related AI-oriented terminology over and over. Kevin Lynch, technology veep, talked about Siri, Apple's personal assistant software, becoming more proactive and more aware of watchOS activity through machine learning. Craig Federighi, senior veep of software engineering, highlighted Safari's use of machine learning for intelligent blocking of browser tracking. He also talked about advanced convolutional neural networks improving facial recognition in Photos and making Siri smarter. Federighi cited the utility of Apple's new Metal 2 graphics API for machine learning. And he said deep learning had been used to make Siri's voice sound more natural. John Ternus, veep of hardware engineering, called out the compute power of Apple's forthcoming iMac Pro by noting how its Radeon Vega GPU would be helpful for machine learning. Like alumni of prestigious schools who work their alma mater into every conversation, Apple execs made certain everyone was aware that their machines have learned. A year ago, developer Marco Arment fretted about Apple's inaction on AI in a blog post. If the bets being made on AI by Amazon, Facebook, and Google pay off, Arment mused, "Apple will find itself in a similar position as BlackBerry did almost a decade ago: What they’re able to do, despite being very good at it, won’t be enough anymore, and they won’t be able to catch up." AI isn't new to Apple, which has been nurturing Siri since 2011, but it didn't become a priority for the company until last October, when it hired Carnegie Mellon University professor Ruslan Salakhutdinov as its first director of AI research. Apple in the past had trouble attracting accomplished AI researchers because its culture of secrecy rubbed academics the wrong way. It's not coincidental that Apple published its first AI research paper last December. And the following month, Apple joined the Partnership on AI, an industry consortium established last year to promote best practices. Now, not only is Apple underscoring its use of AI-ish tech, but the company is bringing the technology it has been using for its Siri and Camera applications to developers. Its forthcoming platform updates – watchOS 4, tvOS 11, macOS 10.13, and iOS 11 – provide access to Core ML, a machine learning framework that includes a Vision API and a Natural Language API. It's as if Apple is trying to tell us something. ® Tips and corrections 10 Comments MORE Google Microsoft Apple Facebook Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register US judges say you can Google Google, but you can't google Google The Chocolate Factory is spared the aspirin treatment by the 9th District Court 60 Comments Google's PHP API client has XSS vulnerability Patch promised 2 Comments Google opens patent pool for Android Protects against trolls maybe. But not Google Cook fights for life after Google summit blaze Google I/O Don't worry, no programmers were harmed, says web ads giant 20 Comments Google launches root certificate authority Cutting out the middle man 25 Comments Google serves Espresso link-ups for Cloud Chocolate Factory's SDN aims for better connections to hosted machines Whitepapers Hybrid and Public Cloud for Mission-critical Deployment Red Hat is a modern-day success story; it’s open-source software (OSS) model has now penetrated nearly every layer of IT systems that were once proprietary. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. Rethinking Enterprise Data Management: A 360-Degree View Learn how to ensure the sort of data visibility, resiliency, protection, and optimized access that's required to make effective use of your data. Most read Break crypto to monitor jihadis in real time? Don't be ridiculous, say experts Ex-MI5 boss: People ask, why didn't you follow all these people ... on your radar? Hand in your notice – by 2022 there'll be 350,000 cybersecurity vacancies Hotel guest goes broke after booking software gremlin makes her pay for strangers' rooms NSA leaker bust gets weirder: Senator claims hacking is wider than leak revealed Spotlight 8 out of 10 cats fear statistics – AI doesn't have this problem Sorry, Dave, I can't code that: AI's prejudice problem Washing machine AI? You'll thank AWS, Microsoft, Google (eventually) A bot lingua franca does not exist: Your machine-learning options for walking the talk Speaking in Tech: Elon Musk and the AI apocalypse Do the numbers, Einstein: AI is more than maths as some know it Forget robot overlords, humankind will get finished off by IoT How Ford has slammed the door on Silicon Valley's autonomous vehicles drive Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news and views for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Thu, Jun 08, 2017 | Updated 05.29 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets BlackBerry launches new software for secure 'connected' cars Facebook to move WhatsApp data from IBM Cloud to its own centres UPI use rises 100 times since launch, but not because of BHIM app Amazon India logistic arm gets Rs 207 crore funding RCom rejects rating downgrades by Moody's and Fitch Tata Communications plans to launch 50-million IoT devices by 2022 When automation is threatening your job, should you risk negotiating your salary? Uber fires executive who obtained Indian rape victim's medical records 70% techies prefer online learning: Study '15% of minors using net, social media have come across child pornography' FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Infographics Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News » Apple WWDC 2017: 12 big announcements Apple WWDC 2017: 12 big announcements Apple unleashed a slew of new products, software, and updates at its annual Worldwide Developer Conference, or WWDC, on Monday.Business Insider | Updated: Jun 6, 2017, 07.11 PM IST Apple unleashed a slew of new products, software, and updates at its annual Worldwide Developer Conference on Monday. Apple unleashed a slew of new products, software, and updates at its annual Worldwide Developer Conference, or WWDC, on Monday. Chief among them: A Siri-enabled speaker called HomePod, a brand new product category for Apple. Apple also showed off new features for its iOS mobile software and lots of other fun stuff. Some of the products will be available immediately, others will come later this year. View As Photolist » 10 things Apple didn't tell you about iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus 111 10 things Apple didn't tell you about iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Wonder what's inside Apple's new iPhones? The innards that make the world's 'favourite gadgets' what they are? Recent teardowns reports by Chipworks, teardown.com and iFixit.com have revealed the names of the companies that provide some of the most important components of these smartphones. Also, Apple traditionally never discloses the battery, RAM and other such details too of iPhones. These teardowns reveal such specifications too. So, read on to know the 10 things that Apple didn't tell you about its all-new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.. Intel inside Apple's latest iPhones officially have Intel inside. According to a teardown by research companies Chipworks and teardown.com, both owned by TechInsights, Intel is the key supplier of LTE modems in the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Intel reportedly has four components: baseband LTE modem, two transceivers and a power management chip. Qualcomm modems However, since Intel modems don't support CDMA, iPhone 7 versions using this technology sport Qualcomm's modems, according to Chipworks. As per a report in Forbes, "It appears that Qualcomm-equipped phones will be sold in the US (Verizon and Sprint), China, Hong Kong, Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands. Meanwhile, Intel-equipped phones will be sold in the US (AT&T and T-Mobile) and most other countries in the world." TSMC processor The A10 Fusion processor in the iPhone 7 is being single sourced from TSMC. According to Chipworks, Apple's part number for the A10 is APL1W24, 339S00255 vs the Apple A9, which was APL1022, 339S00129. Microphones iPhone 7 has three microphones, one at the bottom of the phone and two at the top. The microphones at the bottom are said to have been sourced by Goertek and Knowles. As per iFixit teardown of iPhone 7 Plus, STMicroelectronics has also "scored design wins" into the device. Flash memory from SK Hynix and Toshiba As for flash memory, teardowns reveals marks of SK Hynix and Toshiba. iSight camera: Sony iPhone 7's iSight camera has a larger, F/1.8 aperture, as compared to the F/2.2 aperture used for iPhone 6s/6s Plus. The iSight camera chip was sourced from Sony and fabricated using its Exmor RS technology platform. Touch-screen controller According to Chipworks, the Touch Controller for iPhone 7 is manufactured by Universal Scientific Industries (USI) with markings O1 1R. It is the same as the iPhone 6S -- a pressure-sensitive 3D Touch layer that buzzes slightly when you press and hold the screen/static home button. Chipworks says that though no markings were found on the IC, it is believed to be of Analog Devices. Wi-Fi: Murata The Wi-Fi/Bluetooth socket has been won by Murata with a module part number 339S00199 as per Chipworks. GPS: Broadcom Broadcom too wins a slot in the iPhone 7 as per Chipworks. It possibly contains Sensor Hub functionality as well like BCM4773 & BCM4774 seen in Samsung devices. Battery According to iFixit's teardown, the battery is rated at 3.82 V and 2900mAh, for a total of 11.1 Wh, a slight upgrade over the 10.45 Wh (3.8 V, 2750mAh) of the 6s Plus, and on par with the 11.1 Wh, 2915mAh cell found in the 6 Plus. Here's everything Apple unveiled at WWDC 2017: ARKit is Apple's first push into augmented reality Apple's new ARKit software can display virtual objects in the real world. The software will let apps place items into a physical space by using your phone's camera, with the goal being to make the iPhone "the largest AR platform in the world." The $5,000 iMac Pro is the "most powerful Mac" Apple has ever made Apple teased the next iteration of its professional-grade desktop computer, the iMac Pro. When it goes on sale in December, the iMac Pro will begin at $4,999 and comes in a new black finish. iOS 11 has a refreshed Control Center, improved iMessage, and better Apple Maps Apple's new operating system for phones and tablets, iOS 11, is getting some much-sought-after updates, including a new and improved control center, a more helpful Siri, a redesigned App Store, and a new Files app for managing your documents. The new system also aims to cut down on distracted driving with a "Do Not Disturb While Driving" mode, which can detect when you're driving and shut off your notifications. The new operating system will be available this Fall. High Sierra is the next version of the operating system for Apple computers Under Apple's new Mac operating system, Safari is getting a big update to stop videos from auto-playing and ads from tracking you across the web. The photos app will also be improved, the filing system is getting an overhaul, the system will be compatible with VR headsets, and more. Amazon Prime Video is coming to Apple TV You'll soon be able to watch Amazon's shows and movies on your Apple TV, resolving a gripe that users have had with Apple TV for years. The feature will arrive later this year. You'll soon be able send and receive money from your friends within Apple Pay Much like money transfer app Venmo, Apple Pay can now support peer-to-peer payments. The feature will be integrated directly into iMessage, so users can send money directly within a conversation with a friend. Once transferred, the money will go into an Apple Pay cash card. You'll then be able to send that card to friends or family, or transfer it directly to your bank. WatchOS is getting new watch faces, improved fitness tracking, and better Siri integration The newest version of Apple's Watch software, WatchOS 4, will offer three new watch faces, more workouts in the Fitness app, an improved flashlight, and the ability to pair it with your gym equipment. But the biggest update to the watch is the Siri integration that is now available on the watch face. Using machine learning, Apple says the watch can now check your routines and the apps you use the most, automatically displaying the on the watch face at the most appropriate times. iMac now has more memory, more ports, and better displays Apple's iMac desktop computer got some improvements to position it as a computer for virtual reality content creation. The new iMac has higher memory capacity, up to an 80% boost in its graphics, more ports for hooking up accessories and other external devices, and more. MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, and MacBook are all getting a few updates Apple made updates to its 13- and 15-inch MacBook Pro laptops, including adding Intel's latest 7th-generation Core processors, known as Kaby Lake, and adding faster graphics on the 15-inch model. The MacBook Air got its first update in more than 800 days at this year's WWDC, but it's a small one: the Air will now start with a 1.8 GHz processor rather than a 1.6 GHz processor. Apple's 12-inch MacBook is getting a tweak in its specs and an upgraded keyboard. New Mac-like capabilities for the iPad The new iPad Pro will also blur the line between tablet and laptop further once Apple releases the next version of its iOS software in a few months. The update will bring Mac-like features to the iPad, including a new dock, the ability to drag and drop files between apps and a full-sized on-screen keyboard. The iPad Pro is available in a new size The iPad Pro is available in a new size Apple launched a new size for its iPad — 10.5-inches. The new model will start at $649 for 64GB of storage and cost up to $949 for 512GB. The new iPad will also include updated features and specs like a better display, smoother scrolling, a faster chip, the ability to multitask between apps, and the same camera that's in the iPhone 7. The new model will begin shipping on Monday. HomePod marries Siri with a home speaker HomePod is a seven-inch-tall speaker that has Apple's digital assistant built in. This is Apple's long-awaited competitor to Amazon's popular Echo speark. The HomePod lets use your voice to play music and control HomeKit devices like smart light bulbs or thermostats, as well as letting you chat with Siri. HomePod costs $349 to start and will be available later this year. To read the article in Tamil, click here . For the latest news, tech news, breaking news headlines and live updates checkout Gadgetsnow.com See Also Apple iPhone 7 Plus (Jet Black, 128GB)₹ 65769 BUY NOW Apple iPhone 7 Plus (Rose Gold, 128GB)₹ 70689 BUY NOW Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB (PRODUCT) RED₹ 75890 BUY NOW Subscribe and get the top tech news of the day Delivered to your mailbox[Change Setting] Connect with us FOLLOWERS1.5m FOLLOWERS250k FOLLOWERS35k RELATED In the store Redmi 4A (Grey, 16GB)₹ 5999 BUY Samsung CarnivalGreat Offers and Discounts BUY Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Navy Blue, 64GB)₹ 25990 BUY Samsung 59 cm (24 inches) UA24K4100ARLXL HD Ready LED TV (Black)₹ 11499 BUY Samsung Galaxy On8 (Gold)₹ 12740 BUY Samsung 1.5 Ton 5 Star Split AC (Alloy, AR18MC5ULGM, White)₹ 33990 BUY Samsung 80 cm (32 inches) 32J4003-SF HD Ready LED Television₹ 17990 BUY Lenovo Vibe K5 (Grey)₹ 7499 BUY OnePlus 3T (Gunmetal, 6GB RAM + 64GB memory)₹ 29999 BUY Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)₹ 7999 BUY From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Latest News ADV: LG G6 offers stunning FullVision display encased in compact chassis BlackBerry launches new software for secure 'connected' cars Facebook to move WhatsApp data from IBM Cloud to its own centres UPI use rises 100 times since launch, but not because of BHIM app Amazon India logistic arm gets Rs 207 crore funding RCom rejects rating downgrades by Moody's and Fitch IN THE STORE From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Read moreSiriMacBook ProMacBook AirMacbookiPhoneiPadiOS 11IOSimacApple Most Popular JioFiber Preview Offer with three months free service coming in June: Report 16-yr-old US boy's tweet breaks world record Apple iPhone 5s, iPhone SE set to get big price cuts in India Zomato hacked, data of 17 million users stolen: Report Here's why you may get big discounts on smartphones in June Reliance Jio, Airtel in 'tariff war' again OnePlus to discontinue its 5-month-old smartphone, OnePlus 3T Indian IT giants may see big job cuts Cognizant to fired employees: Take nine months salary and leave on good terms Apple iPhone 8, iPhone 7S’ launch date leaked Apple TV deal shows tough road to cooperation for tech rivals Apple 'HomePod' speaker to take on Amazon, Google WWDC 2017: Apple launches iOS 11, macOS High Sierra, watchOS 4 and more WWDC 2017: Apple announces iOS 11 with new features, UI changes and more Xiaomi Redmi 4 to go on sale today on Amazon WWDC 2017: Apple hypes the event with a new Snapchat filter Apple’s new app ‘Files’ for iOS 11 appears on App Store ahead of launch IBM's new 5nm architecture crams 30 billion transistors onto fingernail-sized chip 14-year old arrested for creating ransomware 1Apple WWDC 2017: 12 big announcements 2Apple TV deal shows tough road to cooperation for tech rivals 3Apple 'HomePod' speaker to take on Amazon, Google 4WWDC 2017: Apple launches iOS 11, macOS High Sierra, watchOS 4 and more 5WWDC 2017: Apple announces iOS 11 with new features, UI changes and more 6Xiaomi Redmi 4 to go on sale today on Amazon 7WWDC 2017: Apple hypes the event with a new Snapchat filter 8Apple’s new app ‘Files’ for iOS 11 appears on App Store ahead of launch 9IBM's new 5nm architecture crams 30 billion transistors onto fingernail-sized chip 1014-year old arrested for creating ransomware GADGETS NOW About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Privacy policy Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Xiaomi Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Oneplus 3T Moto G4 Plus Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 Moto G4 Plus Nokia 6 Upcoming Mobiles Zen Admire Neo Huawei Y7 Prime Samsung Galaxy S9 Vertu Signature Cobra Honor V9 Moto Z2 Play 32GB Xiaomi Mi 6C Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Oukitel K10000 Pro LG V30 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Essential PH-1 Gionee S10B Xiaomi Mi Max 2 128GB Oppo R11 Plus Moto G5S Plus Moto G5S Meizu M5c Honor 6A 32GB Honor 6A LG X Venture Asus Zenfone Live 32GB LG Stylo 3 Plus Oppo A77 ZTE Max XL Latest Mobiles LG G6 Moto G5 Plus Moto G5 Nokia 3310 New Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Trending Stories Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Nokia 3310 New 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Apple iphone 7 Red Google Areo Flipkart acquires EBay Trending Topics H-1B Visa Airtel Reliance Jio Samsung S8 Launch Copyright © 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast BREAKING NEWS WATCH LIVE: James Comey testifies on Capitol Hill Full Story Email share share tweet email TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us BREAKING NEWS WATCH LIVE: James Comey testifies on Capitol Hill Full Story Email share share tweet email NEWS Family finds clay-like material inside Apple Watch box Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=2067553" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Family looking for answers after clay found in Apple Watch box, Steven Romo reports. KTRK Monday, June 05, 2017 10:29PM PASADENA, Texas (KTRK) -- Instead of a new Apple Watch, a local family said they found globs of a clay-like material pressed into the sealed box. The product was sold at a nearby Walmart store and managers there said they won't take it back or give a refund. Instead, they suggested the family contact the manufacturer. Sergio Gonzalez said he's the one who opened the Apple Watch box Sunday night. He was helping his little sister set it up when they found an unexpected toy surprise. "So I'm like, 'Whoa, what the heck?' I pull it out, and it's PlayDoh," he said. They showed ABC13 several clumps of brightly colored, plastic-wrapped clay. Their mother tried returning the box to the Walmart on Shaver Street where she bought it, but ran into a problem. "They're saying they don't want to give her the money back," Gonzalez said. Walmart said in a written statement, "It's unfortunate our customer had a negative experience. We've examined surveillance video to make sure proper security measures were followed and must refer the customer to the product manufacturer." The family said they believe Walmart sold it, so Walmart should make it right. "They're saying contact Apple. It's their problem. We bought it from Walmart," Gonzalez said. ABC13 reached out to Apple, but the company has not yet commented on the problem. The family is hoping Apple will make it right. In the meantime, they have some advice for the store. "I hope they go do inventory on all their products and make sure everything's in there," Gonzalez said. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: newsappleapple watchwalmartPasadena Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS WATCH LIVE: James Comey testifies on Capitol Hill ISIS counting on anti-Muslim backlash 'to sharpen the divide,' experts warn Houston bars open early for Comey watch parties 3 arrested in connection with London Bridge terror attack Live updates: Former FBI Director Comey testifies on Capitol Hill More News Top Stories WATCH LIVE: James Comey testifies on Capitol Hill James Comey timeline: From Clinton email scandal to Russia Houston bars open early for Comey watch parties 8 things to do with your best friend in Houston Celebrate World Oceans Day by protecting coral reefs Flipped 18-wheeler spills Bud Light all over freeway Police: Thieves wanted in Home Depot crime spree Show More Happy Birthday, Barbara Bush: A treasured love story Cheetos comes out with new flamin' hot flavor Dozens of employers come together for veteran job fair Grand jury expected to review deadly Denny's fight case Child strangulation risk prompts safety gate recall More News Top Video Cheetos comes out with new flamin' hot flavor Grand jury expected to review deadly Denny's fight case Flipped 18-wheeler spills Bud Light all over freeway Stolen backhoe used in attempted ATM burglary More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy George Orwell's 1984 was published 68 years ago: Other dystopian novels that now hit home Vladimir Putin cracks the secret to acche din: The answer is to 'not be a woman' Man jokes about being 'stuck on Mars', receives Twitterati's ire for wasting Sushma Swaraj's time Pakistan's top diplomat laughed at for saying there are no safe sanctuaries for terrorists in Pak UK Election 2017: Rejoice! Dogs at polling stations tell you what's up most commented Renault Lodgy Stepway Edition launches for Rs 9.43 lakhs in India By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments HAL and Godrej played a key role in ISRO’s launch of its heaviest rocket, the GSLV MKIII By IANS 1   Comments Lenovo launches Moto Z2 Play in India for Rs 27,999; goes on sale from 15 June on Flipkart By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Lenovo IdeaPad 110 review: Makes for an ideal laptop for the first-time buyer only By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Apple Snapchat user growth could slowdown in the second quarter of 2017: Analysts Amazon Echo open to Siri, Google Assistant, says Amazon's senior VP of devices New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> WWDC 2017: Here’s everything that was announced at Apple’s largest developer conference By tech2 News Staff /  06 Jun 2017 , 04:45 #Apple 0 As a developer, Apple’s WWDC (Worldwide Developer Conference) is one of the most important events for the year. It sets the template for the future of development an Apple’s many platforms, and considering that Apple’s devices attract the top developers in the world, everyone watches the event very closely. Traditionally, WWDC is also where Apple announces updates to their software and Mac hardware. It’s the developers, after all, who need to worry about such things. At the outset, Tim Cook promised that this would be the largest WWDC ever. Considering the number, and magnitude of the announcements, this was no understatement. In brief, here’s everything that the iPhone giant unveiled at the keynote: The iMac: Slightly faster than before The iMac line received some minor updates, notably the bump up to seventh generation Intel Core processors. These processors not only improve performance in every department by a around 5-15 percent, they also include new features like hardware HEVC support, which can dramatically cut down on the resources needed for 4K video playback and rendering. Of course, Kaby-Lake also means that Macs can now support more than 16 GB of RAM. The iMacs all get Kaby-Lake processors, brighter displays, Thunderbolt 3, faster storage, and in the case of the 4K and 5K iMacs, discrete GPUs. Prices start at $1,299. The new SSDs are said to be 50 percent faster. The 4K and 5K models will support Radeon Pro-500 series of graphics chips. MacBook and MacBook Pro: Slightly faster, again The new MacBooks get a bump up to Kaby-Lake. The same benefits that we mentioned in the above section still apply here, with the added mention mobile devices can get more battery life out of Kaby-Lake devices. Prices start at $1,299. In better news, Apple has finally decided to see sense and has updated the MacBook Air. All the devices are available for pre-order today, except in countries that aren’t the US, UK or Australia. watchOS 4: More play, less work watchOS 4 is getting a bunch of new updates to make your watch smarter, faster and easier to use. The biggest update is the Siri Face, which, there’s no other way to put it, places Apple’s version of Google Now on your Watch face. Cards will give you information that’s relevant to you, including news, appointments, etc. Workout and Activity apps are getting updates to make them smarter and to provide better information. Music will now also be easier to control during a workout. Apple also announced a bunch of new Watch faces. App Store: A much needed refresh, but is it useful? The App Store is getting its first major overhaul since its inception nine years ago. To put it simply, the Store will carry forward the design language hinted at in the new Music, News and TV apps. Bold cards will provide more information about a fewer number of items, in part to bring more focus to the store. A number of new tabs have been added, including one dedicated to games. macOS High Sierra: Flying high The latest build of macOS, unveiled at WWDC today, is to be called High Sierra. Think of it as a more refined macOS Sierra. Apple simply took the best bits of the OS and refined it a bit more. Notably, you get HEVC support and a brand new file system. The default Photos app gets a some tweaks and now includes better editing options. Safari gets a bunch of useful updates, including the ability to prevent sites from auto-playing content and to prevent tracking. A newly announced Metal 2 API finally adds support for external GPUs, though these are limited to specific AMD model cards for now, which is very restrictive and unnecessary. iOS 11: Everything’s changed There are enough new features in iOS 11 to warrant a separate press conference on the announcements. We’re not going to delve it into detail here, but you can read all about it on our website. Essentially, iOS 11 gets a serious design overhaul, adds true multi-tasking capabilities and borrows features from Microsoft’s Ink. 10.5-inch iPad Pro: It’s different The new iPad Pro is, well, different. It’s running on A10X SoC, so it’s more powerful than the A10 powered iPhone 7 devices that we’re carrying. It also features a new design with slimmer bezels. Speaking of displays, the refresh rate on the 10.5-inch iPad’s display can vary from 24 Hz to 120 Hz. This should mean smoother animations. Pencil response time has been brought down to 20 ms. With the A10X and iOS 11, the device is certainly making a compelling argument for a tablet in 2017. The base model will sell for $649 and offer 64 GB of storage. HomePod: They didn’t call it the Siri Speaker For whatever reason, it didn’t cross anyone’s mind that Apple would choose to give their fancy new speaker a blindingly obvious name like HomePod. The HomePod is a Google Home like speaker that functions like the Echo, but offers incredible music quality, relatively speaking. The speaker looks like a mesh-encapsulated Mac Pro and features directional tweeters and a 4-inch woofer. The device apparently uses spatial recognition technology and machine learning to tune the audio output to the listening environment. Multiple HomePods can work together to further enhance the audio experience. These devices will support Siri and will retail for $350 later this year. Publish date: June 6, 2017 4:45 am| Modified date: June 6, 2017 8:58 am Tags: Apple, HomePod, iMac Update, MacBook udpate, Siri Speaker, WWDC, WWDC 2017, WWDC17 Also read Apple WWDC 2017: watchOS 4, macOS High Sierra, iOS 11 announced along with updated iMacs and Macbook Pros Apple WWDC 2017: Apple iPad Pro 10.5-inch announced with A10X Fusion chipset and ProMotion display X Recommended For You Snapchat user growth could slowdown in the second quarter of 2017: Analysts Amazon Echo open to Siri, Google Assistant, says Amazon’s senior VP of devices Flipkart offers massive Father’s Day Special discount on Apple iPhone 6 WhatsApp update for iOS adds automatic albums, quick reply and photo filters Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #net neutrality Jun 8, 2017 Mozilla, Amazon among others call for Internet-Wide Day of Action to save Net Neutrality #Facebook Jun 8, 2017 Facebook has decided to move WhatsApp data from IBM Cloud to its own data centres #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #AI Jun 8, 2017 AI robot gets below average scores in Chinese university entrance exam #3D printer Jun 8, 2017 Researchers develop self replicating 3D printer that can be used to build an outpost on the Moon #NASA Jun 8, 2017 NASA picks 12 astronauts from 18,300 applicants, the first new class of space fliers in five years SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 0.5 / 10 10 reasons why you need to get the CENTRiC G1 ASAP! Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy George Orwell's 1984 was published 68 years ago: Other dystopian novels that now hit home Vladimir Putin cracks the secret to acche din: The answer is to 'not be a woman' Man jokes about being 'stuck on Mars', receives Twitterati's ire for wasting Sushma Swaraj's time Pakistan's top diplomat laughed at for saying there are no safe sanctuaries for terrorists in Pak UK Election 2017: Rejoice! Dogs at polling stations tell you what's up most commented Renault Lodgy Stepway Edition launches for Rs 9.43 lakhs in India By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments HAL and Godrej played a key role in ISRO’s launch of its heaviest rocket, the GSLV MKIII By IANS 1   Comments Lenovo launches Moto Z2 Play in India for Rs 27,999; goes on sale from 15 June on Flipkart By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Lenovo IdeaPad 110 review: Makes for an ideal laptop for the first-time buyer only By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Apple Snapchat user growth could slowdown in the second quarter of 2017: Analysts Amazon Echo open to Siri, Google Assistant, says Amazon's senior VP of devices New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> WWDC 2017: Apple announces new iOS 11 Messages feature called ‘Business Chat’ By tech2 News Staff /  06 Jun 2017 , 08:34 #Apple 0 Apple’s World Wide Developers Conference (WWDC) announced another iOS 11 feature called the Business Chat, which seems to be a shot at customer service messaging platforms like Facebook Messenger and the expected WhatsApp for Business (also belongs to Facebook). According to Apple’s official website, Business Chat is a new way for businesses’ to connect with the customers directly from within Messages. Customers can find your business and start conversations from Safari, Maps, Spotlight, and Siri. Apple has also revealed that features like Apple Pay and calendar integration will allow Business chat to facilitate purchases without the necessity for the user to leave the chat. Facebook’s Messenger for Business announced a similar integration back in 2015. China’s WeChat has long had a feature like this as well. At the moment these are the only details that Apple has revealed about the Business Chat. More details are set to follow at Apple’s Developer Conference scheduled to take place on 9 June, 2017. At this year’s WWDC, Apple CEO, Tim Cook, made a bunch of other announcements which included the fact that Amazon’s video app will come to Apple’s TV streaming box later this year. The app will let users stream all the Amazon original hits. Apple also announced that watchOS 4, the next version of its smartwatch platform, will be arriving in September. It includes new features for watch faces, such as complications updating based on time of day or location and a new Siri-based watch face. Also, Apple will be releasing the latest version of the macOS called High Sierra which will be launched with the new Safari browser. Publish date: June 6, 2017 8:34 am| Modified date: June 6, 2017 8:34 am Tags: Apple, Business Chat, High Sierra, iOS 11, Maps, Safari, SIRI, Spotlight, Tim Cook, watchOS 4, World Wide Developers Conference, WWDC 2017 Also read WWDC 2017: Here’s everything that was announced at Apple’s largest developer conference WWDC 2017: Tech rivals join hands, Amazon Prime Video now on Apple TV X Recommended For You Snapchat user growth could slowdown in the second quarter of 2017: Analysts Amazon Echo open to Siri, Google Assistant, says Amazon’s senior VP of devices Flipkart offers massive Father’s Day Special discount on Apple iPhone 6 WhatsApp update for iOS adds automatic albums, quick reply and photo filters Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #net neutrality Jun 8, 2017 Mozilla, Amazon among others call for Internet-Wide Day of Action to save Net Neutrality #Facebook Jun 8, 2017 Facebook has decided to move WhatsApp data from IBM Cloud to its own data centres #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #AI Jun 8, 2017 AI robot gets below average scores in Chinese university entrance exam #3D printer Jun 8, 2017 Researchers develop self replicating 3D printer that can be used to build an outpost on the Moon #NASA Jun 8, 2017 NASA picks 12 astronauts from 18,300 applicants, the first new class of space fliers in five years SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 0.5 / 10 10 reasons why you need to get the CENTRiC G1 ASAP! Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy George Orwell's 1984 was published 68 years ago: Other dystopian novels that now hit home Vladimir Putin cracks the secret to acche din: The answer is to 'not be a woman' Man jokes about being 'stuck on Mars', receives Twitterati's ire for wasting Sushma Swaraj's time Pakistan's top diplomat laughed at for saying there are no safe sanctuaries for terrorists in Pak UK Election 2017: Rejoice! Dogs at polling stations tell you what's up most commented Renault Lodgy Stepway Edition launches for Rs 9.43 lakhs in India By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments HAL and Godrej played a key role in ISRO’s launch of its heaviest rocket, the GSLV MKIII By IANS 1   Comments Lenovo launches Moto Z2 Play in India for Rs 27,999; goes on sale from 15 June on Flipkart By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Lenovo IdeaPad 110 review: Makes for an ideal laptop for the first-time buyer only By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Apple Snapchat user growth could slowdown in the second quarter of 2017: Analysts Amazon Echo open to Siri, Google Assistant, says Amazon's senior VP of devices New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> WWDC 2017: Apple iOS 11 first beta now out for developers By tech2 News Staff /  06 Jun 2017 , 08:54 #Apple 1 At the ongoing World Wide Developers Conference 2017 (WWDC) Apple announced an updated version of iOS, watchOS, macOS and tvOS.  Among these, the much-loved iOS 11 saw the maximum number of updates with new features available on both supported iPhone and iPad models. While the final software will not be out for the next six months, Apple did announce the availability of the first beta for iOS 11 soon after the keynote. MacRumours reports that the updated iOS 11 software will only be available to developers. Developers who have registered to the beta program can now install and run the iOS 11 developer beta for testing out iOS 11 compatible apps. Developers who have already registered and have the required configuration profile installed will receive an over-the-air (OTA) update. iOS 11 brings in a ton of new improvements and updates to Apple’s mobile operating system. On the iPad, Apple delivers better multitasking with the new Dock, that provides quick access to frequently used apps and documents, from any screen. The app switcher has also been redesigned to make it easier to move between pairs of active apps used in the Split View. The company has also added the full-size virtual keyboard for iPad users to make it easier to type. Another major update arrived in the form of the new Files app, one that will let you store files locally and in iCloud Drive including third-party providers like Dropbox and more. Sharing a file is as simple as dragging it from the files app and dropping into another app. Other mentionable upgrades include the revamped App Store which has seen its first major update in years. The App Store is now more than just a store but will also give users in-depth features and reviews of the apps and App Store editors will also uncover stories behind iOS developers and apps they have developed. Siri too will get smarter with advancements in machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) along with a number new features and some new languages added. The developer beta will contain a lot more bugs in comparison to the public beta that is expected to release soon. So if you feel like trying out the iOS 11 we would suggest you wait a bit until the public beta is made available. Publish date: June 6, 2017 8:54 am| Modified date: June 6, 2017 8:54 am Tags: Apple, Apple iOS 11, iOS 11, iOS 11 Beta, iOS 11 developer beta, iPad, iPhone, WWDC 2017, WWDC17 Also read WWDC 2017: Here’s everything that was announced at Apple’s largest developer conference WWDC 2017: Tech rivals join hands, Amazon Prime Video now on Apple TV X Recommended For You Snapchat user growth could slowdown in the second quarter of 2017: Analysts Amazon Echo open to Siri, Google Assistant, says Amazon’s senior VP of devices Flipkart offers massive Father’s Day Special discount on Apple iPhone 6 WhatsApp update for iOS adds automatic albums, quick reply and photo filters Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Tableau Jun 8, 2017 Tableau 10.3 adds data driven alerts, a pdf connector, and a smart recommendations engine #net neutrality Jun 8, 2017 Mozilla, Amazon among others call for Internet-Wide Day of Action to save Net Neutrality #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Facebook Jun 8, 2017 Facebook has decided to move WhatsApp data from IBM Cloud to its own data centres #AI Jun 8, 2017 AI robot gets below average scores in Chinese university entrance exam #3D printer Jun 8, 2017 Researchers develop self replicating 3D printer that can be used to build an outpost on the Moon SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 0.5 / 10 10 reasons why you need to get the CENTRiC G1 ASAP! Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 44 mins S&P 500 2,431.64 -1.50 (-0.06%) Dow 30 21,194.02 +20.33 (+0.10%) Nasdaq 6,290.27 -7.11 (-0.11%) Here are the six big announcements Apple just made Todd Haselton CNBC June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share When Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) CEO Tim Cook took the stage to kick off WWDC on Monday, he said he was going to make six big announcements. There was a lot discussed on stage, far more than just six items, but they boil down to a few key topics. Here's what you might have missed if you didn't tune in. 1. watchOS 4 Apple unveiled watchOS 4 on Monday, the newest version of the operating system for the Apple Watch. It features a couple of new watch faces, the most important of which puts Siri cards front and center. They can tell you things like when to leave for work, the music you're playing, how your workout is going and more. WatchOS 4 has a new workout UI, support for two-way data exchange with workout machines and more. 2. macOS High Sierra macOS High Sierra is the successor to Sierra, announced last year. It supports virtual reality headsets, something Apple hasn't ever offered before, security improvements to Safari that help further protect your privacy, new photo search features and a new Apple File System by default, which should mean more secure storage. High Sierra will be available in the coming months. 3. New iMacs and MacBook Air / MacBook Pro refreshes Apple finally refreshed the iMac after more than 600 days without doing so, adding a sharper and brighter display and new Intel processors. It also brought those seventh-generation Intel processors over to the MacBook Pro, which is otherwise unchanged, and boosted the speed of the chip in the MacBook Air. The biggest announcement was the iMac Pro, however, which will start at $4,999 and includes beefy new processors, a 5K display and a sharp design. Apple said it's "the most powerful Mac we have ever made." 4. iOS 11 Apple's iOS 11 will launch in September and includes new features for the iPhone and iPad. The big takeaway here is improvements to Siri, which Apple says will make it easier to synchronize your various iOS devices, like iPhones and iPads. It also said it'll keep messages in the cloud, helping to save valuable hard drive storage space. Another big change is peer-to-peer payments, which will allow Apple to compete with Paypal, Square Cash, Venmo and others by allowing iOS users to easily send money to one another. On the iPad, users will find drag and drop, more room for icons in the bottom dock of the screen and more. Oh, and we'll bundle this here since it was huge: Apple unveiled ARKit, which will allow developers to easily create augmented reality apps for iOS devices. 5. iPad Pro 10.5 Apple showed a new iPad Pro 10.5 during the event. It features a brighter display with a faster refresh rate, which is important which watching things like movies or playing games. It also sports a new A10X processor that should improve gaming and overall app performance. That chip and the new screen were also added to Apple's iPad Pro 12.9. Apple did not refresh the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. 6. Apple HomePod speaker The only brand new product announced was the HomePod speaker. It's a Siri-powered smart speaker that allows you to play music, check the traffic, control you smart lights, query sports scores and more. Sound familiar? That's because it's very much like the Amazon Echo and Google Home. Apple says its product is better, though, thanks to advanced speakers that will fill your room with music. It'll cost $349 when it launches in December. More From CNBC Apple CEO Tim Cook: Trump 'decided wrong' on the Paris accord Apple just unveiled HomePod, a $349 competitor to Amazon's Echo Gene Munster: Most people missed the most 'revolutionary' thing at Apple's WWDC Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about The Verge There’s good and bad news about one of Apple’s most exciting MacBook announcements BGR News What Apple's next iPhone could mean for Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile The Street Apple's new dark gray keyboard and mouse are beautiful, but you'll have to buy a $5,000 computer if you want them Business Insider Apple finally made it easy to share WiFi passwords Business Insider After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider This is why intel leaders wouldn't talk to the Senate today CNBC NASA’s new Mars rover is completely insane BGR News What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Archaeologists unearth the oldest Homo sapiens ever discovered The Verge Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Trump Impeachment Process Set to Begin As Democrat Al Green Files Articles Stephen: The democrats are amusing. With all the problems facing the country, they want to spend their time chasing their tails. The left needs a dose of reality. 1. Trump is president 2. Trump will not be impeached 3. The election will not be done over If democrats continue on the path they are on, they will make history by being a minority party that actually loses seats in the mid-term elections. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5.3k
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides iOS 11 iMac Pro Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 E3 News iMac Pro first look: the most powerful Mac computer ever made iMac Pro first look: the most powerful Mac computer ever made By Matt Swider Computing   Apple iMac Pro specs are for big workflows, bigger budgets Shares The new iMac Pro proves Apple wasn't holding back at WWDC 2017, announcing  what it calls 'the most powerful Mac ever made.' That's a strong statement, but the new all-in-one desktop computer has top-of-the-line specs to back up this lofty claim – and it has a high price tag. We weren't allowed to test or even touch the iMac Pro. It's under the sneak peek label, just like the Apple HomePod smart speaker we only got to test out later. We'll have to hold off on a hands-on review. But we did get to see it in person in Space Gray, and it looks like the computer upgrade power users have wanted. Don't want to wait? These are the best Macs you can buy right now iMac Pro price and release date You're going to have to pay for iMac Pro's powerful specs, modern design and, of course, that alluring new Space Gray color. It'll cost you a lot. Apple says that it'll start at $4,999 (about £3,870, AU$6,680). This is likely going to be the most expensive computer you've ever purchased if you bite. However, you don't have to decide just yet. Apple says that it'll start shipping the new iMac Pro in December. It may have a release date in time for the holidays. iMac Pro is a paper-thin tiger iMac Pro, with its Space Gray color and large 27-inch 5K display, would look like an imposing juggernaut of a computer – if it wasn't so thin and sleek. It gives you an incredibly detailed, color-rich image on the front of the display thanks to its 5K display and wider color gamut. The new Wireless Magic Keyboard also has all of the keys you need in your intense workflow, including numeric keys, and there's a wireless Magic Mouse to go with it in Space Gray. But looking at the iMac Pro from the side and the back shows that this capable computer is just like any other iMac: thin, minimalist and almost paper-thin. Just don't expect a zero-gravity hinge like on the Microsoft Surface Studio or any sort of touchscreen or Apple Pencil capabilities. Not this year at least. iMac Pro specs Apple teased out the iMac Pro processors, first announcing that it'll have 8-core and 10-core Intel Xeon processors. That seemed all well and good. But then it went further, touting the 18-core processor. That's certainly not the one that'll have the entry-level price, so look for it to be super expensive. It'll push high-end graphics processor with the AMD Radeon Vega graphics chip, with 11 teraflops of single precision and 22 teraflops of half precision compute power. What's more, it'll have 128GB ECC memory for the most extreme workflows and 4TB of 3Gbps SSD internal storage, which is enough space for most pro users. You won't have to resort to external drives so quickly. Around back, we saw four Thunderbolt 3.0 ports and a 10GB ethernet port, all in a minimalist row around back. They seem easy enough to access, yet out of the way. Clearly, iMac Pro is the most powerful Mac you can own – until at least Apple decides to update the display-less Mac Pro in 2018. But that's ways off. We'll probably get more (actual) hands on review time with the Mac Pro later this year – perhaps when Apple announces the iPhone 8 in September. Big, big update: iOS 11 release date and features Related news The best Macs to buy in 2017: Apple's top iMacs, MacBooks and more Microsoft teases Project Scorpio with hidden messages ahead of E3 2017 Android Nougat release date: when you'll get it and everything you need to know Download of the day: Freemake Music Box See more Computing news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best free VPN 2017 2 New Nokia 3310 (2017) review 3 The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has to have a 4K screen 4 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 1 It doesn’t matter if you hate the new Nokia 3310, it’s already done its job 2 Kodi, VLC and other media players are open to malware attack via subtitles 3 Yes, Samsung Galaxy S8's iris scanner can be hacked – here's how 4 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. Follow us on:   RealMoney Home Asset Class US Equity Global Equity & Income Fixed Income Commodities Currencies Specialty Sector Basic Materials Consumer Cyclicals Consumer Staples Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Technology Telecom Services Transportation Utilities Latest Articles Videos Columnist Conversations Author Jim Cramer Jim "Rev Shark" DePorre Jack Mohr Roger Arnold Daniel Dicker Eric Jackson Chris Laudani Helene Meisler Tim Melvin Brian Sozzi - See All - Street Notes Change in Ratings TheStreet RMPIA Switch to Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stockpickr Stocks Under $10 TheStreet Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks US Equity 7 Key Takeaways From Apple's WWDC Hardware and Software Announcements By Eric Jhonsa Follow  | Jun 05, 2017 | 11:01 PM EDT Tweet 0Comment Email Print Tweet Comment 0 Stock quotes in this article: aapl, amd, intc, FB, googl, nvda Though the keynote address at Apple's (AAPL)  annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) always has its fill of product news, this year's edition was especially announcement-packed, since the usual software refreshes were accompanied by a large dose of hardware unveilings. In addition to iOS, macOS, watchOS, app and API updates, we got new iMacs and iPads, MacBook upgrades and the HomePod speaker (covered here). Here are some key takeaways on what was announced: The High-End PC Market Still Matters a Lot to Apple For a while, it looked like Apple was treating the Mac as a legacy business, reducing the attention it was given as it directed more resources towards its mobile hardware and pitched the iPad Pro as a notebook alternative. But with PC sales and usage stabilizing even as tablet sales continue to fall, and the high-end PC market looking especially healthy, the company made it clear at WWDC that the Mac remains a priority. The new 27-inch iMac Pro is getting a lot of attention thanks to its eye-popping specs. The workstation, which starts at a steep $4,999, supports 8-to-18 core Intel (INTC)  Xeon CPUs, will feature a high-end AMD (AMD)  GPU based on the company's next-gen Vega architecture and supports up to 128GB of RAM and 4TB of flash storage. Just as notable as the specs, though, is the fact that Apple is unveiling the iMac Pro 6 months before it ships, lest customers frustrated over the fact that its predecessor (the second-gen Mac Pro) hadn't been updated since 2013. The new standard iMacs -- available in 21.5-inch and 27-inch models, and priced from $1,099 to $2,299 -- are also worthy of attention: They feature improved displays, along with CPU, GPU, memory, storage and connectivity improvements. And a 4K 21.5-inch iMac can now be had for $1,299, $200 less than before. Along the same lines, Apple is now selling a 13-inch MacBook Pro that lacks an OLED Touch Bar for $1,299, after previously setting a $1,499 start price. Both 13-inch and 15-inch Pro models were refreshed to feature CPUs based on Intel's Kaby Lake architecture, which launched last fall, as was the 12-inch MacBook. The fact Apple delivered a hardware update for MacBook Pros only launched 7 months ago says something about how much the business still matters to the company. Mac sales rose 14% annually in the March quarter, and accounted for 11% of total revenue. On the other hand, it looks like Apple is slowly killing off its relatively cheap MacBook Air, which hadn't been refreshed since March 2015. The Air, now only available in a 13-inch model, did get a minor CPU update. However, the new CPU isn't a Kaby Lake part, but based on Intel's Broadwell architecture, which launched in 2014. Apple's Strategy For Stabilizing iPad Sales Revolves Around the iPad Pro The iPad Pro has been a relative strong point for Apple as iPad sales have joined the broader tablet market's in slumping. The iPad hardware and software just shown off, together with a continued lack of updates for the 7.9-inch iPad Mini (last updated in 2015), show how much Apple's tablet business is now focused on appealing to enthusiasts, creative professionals and potential notebook switchers. As rumored, a 10.5-inch iPad Pro featuring thinner bezels (and the same form factor) than its 9.7-inch predecessor was announced, as was a refreshed 12.9-inch iPad Pro. The devices feature much-improved displays and processors (a technology called ProMotion improves the display refresh rate to 120Hz, and automatically adjusts it based on content), and double storage capacities across price tiers. The 10.5-inch model has a $649 start price, $50 more than what Apple used to charge for the 9.7-inch model. On the software side, Apple announced iPads running iOS 11 would feature an app dock that can be pulled up from any app by swiping up, and let users launch apps in standalone or split-view mode. Users can also drag and drop content between apps shown in split-view mode, and scan launched apps in a manner similar to macOS' Mission Control mode. It's all very PC-like, as is the new iOS file-browsing app Apple just announced. Convincing consumers to ditch their notebooks for iPad Pros will still often be a challenge, but Apple's sales pitch is now a little stronger. Apple is Getting Serious About Augmented Reality ARKit, a set of developer programming interfaces (APIs) arriving with iOS 11, is Apple's entry into the rapidly-expanding field of software platforms that make it possible to place (with the help of AI) relevant digital content on top of a real-world camera view. Examples shown at WWDC include throwing a ball down a street in Pokemon Go, and taking apart and assembling a Lego Batmobile. Developers will no doubt think of plenty of others. ARKit competes to a degree with Facebook's  (FB) recently-launched Camera Effects AR platform. And perhaps also the World Lenses feature recently built into Snapchat. But those platforms are respectively tied to Facebook and Snap's apps. If they succeed, that wouldn't necessarily prevent ARKit from being widely used by other developers. The ARKit launch, which comes amid reports Apple is working on AR glasses that could launch next year and plans to include a 3D-sensing front camera on the iPhone 8, might motivate Alphabet/Google (GOOGL) to rethink its Android AR strategy. The company has a powerful AR/indoor mapping platform called Tango that developers can write apps for, along with a new home-grown service called Google Lens that adds useful information and content to a camera view. But Tango requires phones with specialized hardware to work, and is thus available on only one Android phone (Lenovo's bulky Phab 2 Pro) to date. To keep pace with Apple, Google needs much broader hardware support. Though It's Not Easy, Apple is Trying Hard to Keep Pace With Google In AI As expected, Apple frequently talked up its machine learning investments during its WWDC keynote. The company discussed its use of AI to do everything from having Siri surface content and make typing suggestions based on a user's past activity, to automatically grouping photos taken at the same event, improving battery life by understanding user activity, and automatically translating voice commands. The company also unveiled Core ML, a set of APIs that will let developers use machine learning models Apple has created for tasks such as speech, vision and text analysis. It arrives less than a month after Google announced TensorFlow Lite, an open-source AI software library that can be run on mobile devices. It complements several machine learning APIs provided via the Google Cloud Platform. As the abilities of services such as Google Assistant, Lens, Translate and Photos show, Google still arguably has an AI lead against Apple and other consumer tech giants. And Apple's strategy of only running machine learning algorithms against its users' data on their devices (done for privacy reasons) could prove a handicap when it comes to optimizing its algorithms. But like Google, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft, it has clearly made AI a priority. Keeping Software and User Interfaces Simple is Still an Apple Obsession Many of iOS 11's new features are focused on making the OS more intuitive, and/or integrating different parts of it. These include the new app dock, easier iPad app switching, better integration between the notification and lock screen and the consolidation of Control Center icons (previously found on three pages) onto one page. Likewise, Apple is rolling out a Files app that provides an integrated view of a user's local and cloud-hosted files, overhauling its Photos app to automatically group images and cleaning up its App Store interface. And a new "Do Not Disturb While Driving" feature is effective at doing what its name implies. Android has made big strides in recent years in terms of becoming simpler and more intuitive, and the next version (code named Android O) should yield additional gains. But as Monday's announcements show, iOS is still unmatched in this respect. Apple's Hardware and Chip Engineering Remain Core Competitive Advantages Examples of this abounded during the WWDC keynote. They include the A10X Fusion processor powering the new iPad Pros -- they pair 3 high-performance CPU cores with 3 low-power cores and a 12-core GPU -- and the audio technologies built into the HomePod that allow it to simulate surround sound. They also include the new iPad Pros' ProMotion display tech, and the tremendous amount of processing power built into the iMac Pro's sleek form factor. Apple is still very good at using hardware and chip engineering to differentiate its products, both in terms of their practical features and raw specs. Not much more needs to be said here. AMD is Clearly in Apple's Good Graces Some of the MacBook Pro models announced last October supported AMD's mid-range Polaris GPUs. At WWDC, Apple followed that up by announcing all of its 4K and 5K iMacs will feature AMD GPUs. In addition, an AMD GPU will now come standard on the 15-inch MacBook Pro; it previously cost extra. AMD shares rose 3.1% on Monday amid the news. They're roughly flat in 2017, after having skyrocketed in 2016. Considering the extent to which Nvidia (NVDA)  has dominated the high-end GPU market, Apple's support for AMD makes for a nice vote of confidence. TheStreet's Eric Jhonsa previously covered Apple's WWDC keynote via live blog. Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the "+Follow" next to my byline to this article. More From Eric Jhonsa Tesla's Giant Runup Means The Company Has a Much Smaller Margin of Error Apple Watch Appears on Its Way to Becoming a $6 Billion Business Apple's HomePod Speaker Goes After Sonos More Than Amazon and Google Columnist Conversations Robert Lang: Alibaba Taking Flight Today Today we see BABA with a big jump higher on a revenue boost.  just a few weeks ago I put this out here on... Robert Lang: Webinar After the Close I am doing this week's webinar today Wednesday as I will be with my daughter as she graduates from HS tomorrow... Gary Morrow: PANW's Momentum Slowing PANW appears to be running out of steam this week following its huge June 1st breakout(earnings).  The st... Robert Lang: Big SPY Flow Trade Has My Attention As a follower of big option flow, I noticed a big buyer of the July 247 SPY call strikes yesterday, 200000 of ... See all » BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» REAL MONEY'S BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» News Breaks Powered by See More » BROKERAGE PARTNERS Select the service that's right for you! COMPARE ALL SERVICES >> Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer and the AAP Team reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features: $2.5+ million portfolio Large-cap and dividend focus Intraday trade alerts from Cramer Weekly roundups Real Money Pro All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. Product Features: Real Money + Doug Kass plus 15 more Wall Street Pros Intraday commentary and news Ultra-actionable trading ideas Trifecta Stocks Trifecta Stocks analyzes over 4,000 equities weekly to find the elite 1% of stocks that pass rigorous quantitative, fundamental and technical tests. Product Features: Model portfolio Trade alerts Recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks Stocks Under $10 The SU10 Team uncovers low dollar stocks with serious upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar. Product Features: Model portfolio Stocks trading below $10 Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Quant Ratings Access the tool that dominates the Russell 2000 & the S&P 500. Product Features: Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks A custom stock screener Upgrade/downgrade alerts Top Stocks With Top Stocks, Helene Meisler uses short and long-term indicators to pinpoint imminent breakouts in stocks. Product Features: Daily trading ideas and technical analysis Daily market commentary and analysis Except as otherwise indicated, quotes are delayed. Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes for all exchanges. Market Data provided by Interactive Data. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings and ratings provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Valueline. ETF data provided by Lipper. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. TheStreet Ratings updates stock ratings daily. However, if no rating change occurs, the data on this page does not update. The data does update after 90 days if no rating change occurs within that time period. IDC calculates the Market Cap for the basic symbol to include common shares only. Year-to-date mutual fund returns are calculated on a monthly basis by Value Line and posted mid-month. About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Customer Service Advertise With Us © 1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. SPONSORED LINKS SPONSORED LINKS
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year WA News Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine Blunt Instrument Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site NSW News National Environment Health Education Good Weekend Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Home News WA News June 6 2017 Save Print License article Smoke and mirrors cloud WA cannabis trials: Dr Joe Kosterich Dr Joe Kosterich Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Every year several new drugs become available in the Australian market, some with great fanfare, others that quietly slide in. There is an assessment process to bring pharmaceuticals to market that show they are safe, they work and side effects are acceptable. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next The UK goes to the polls Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:17 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:34 California's 'weed nuns' operate million ... California's 'weed nuns' operate million dollar business A non-religious sisterhood in California grows and harvests cannabis in order 'to heal and empower women'. Up Next The UK goes to the polls Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:17 Video duration 01:17 The UK goes to the polls The UK goes to the polls Voting is underway in the United Kingdom, with final polls suggesting a victory to Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party. Up Next UK's most awkward election campaign ad Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:23 Video duration 01:23 UK's most awkward election campaign ad UK's most awkward election campaign ad The internet is questioning whether UK Conservative MP, Greg Knight's campaign ad is a spoof. It's real, and well worth the watch for the homemade jingle. Up Next Leaping off the Eiffel Tower on a wire Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:02 Video duration 01:02 Leaping off the Eiffel Tower on a wire Leaping off the Eiffel Tower on a wire Thrill seekers take the plunge, leaping off the Eiffel Tower in Paris on a zip line that has been installed to celebrate the French Open tennis tournament. Up Next North Korea launches multiple cruise missiles Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:45 Video duration 00:45 North Korea launches multiple cruise ... North Korea launches multiple cruise missiles North Korea fires what appear to be several land-to-ship missiles off its east coast. Up Next Britain heads to the polls Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:35 Video duration 01:35 Britain heads to the polls Britain heads to the polls Amid security fears and terror attacks, Britain's politicians say their final words before the people cast their votes. Up Next Plane believed to have crashed in Myanmar Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 Plane believed to have crashed in Myanmar Plane believed to have crashed in Myanmar A Myanmar military plane carrying more than 100 people is believed to have crashed in southern Myanmar. Up Next The subtle art of safecracking Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 The subtle art of safecracking The subtle art of safecracking Police are searching for a man who used a stolen backhoe to try to break into an ATM in Prince George's County in Maryland. More videos California's 'weed nuns' operate million dollar business A non-religious sisterhood in California grows and harvests cannabis in order 'to heal and empower women'. To get a listing on the Pharmaceutical benefits scheme (PBS), and thus attract a government subsidy, the manufacturer must show the costs justify the benefits. Last week a study showed a particular medication has clinical benefit in treating childhood epilepsy and reducing seizures.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Ecofiber Industries Operations in the Hunter Valley produce medicinal cannabis oil in the US and are poised to do so in Australia. Photo: Max Mason Hubers MMH You would think a very old product, which is not particularity expensive, has an excellent safety profile (it is almost impossible to overdose and kill yourself with it), a reasonable side effect profile and demonstrated usefulness in a number of conditions would sail through the PBS assessment fairly easily. You might think doctors, patients and governments would welcome such a product. Advertisement They would, of course, except for one tiny problem; the name of the product - medicinal cannabis. It is at this point the scientific principals that normally apply are thrown out the window. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Companies like Ecofiber still have many hoops to jump through before it can supply medicinal cannabis to prescribed patients. Photo: Max Mason-Hubers WA premier Mark McGowan recently urged doctors to register to prescribe medicinal cannabis in WA as none had done so. A cursory glance at what hoops and forms doctors must deal with before being allowed to prescribe medicinal cannabis might explain their apparent "reluctance". Lets get three things clear at the start: Medicinal cannabis is not a cure for all conditions, as some of the more zealous supporters claim. It is also not a dangerous addictive drug as zealous opponents claim. And there is scientific research to support its use. However there is much difficulty doing the necessary trials on an illegal product. Medical Cannabis Research Australia is currently supporting a number of trials. Cannabis is an old plant prescribed legally for medicinal purposes in Australia until 1938. Canada has nearly 20 years experience prescribing medicinal cannabis and provides a wealth of relevant information for the public and health professionals to digest on its health Canada website. As a historical aside, the situation in Canada came about when its courts ruled the federal government must provide reasonable access to a legal source of cannabis for medicinal purposes. In Australia, our federal government passed legislation to allow the use of medicinal cannabis and the states have also passed supporting legislation. But there is no requirement for the government to provide reasonable access. Realistically all the government needs to do is remove some of the barriers. Cannabis is an old plant. Before being banned, it was prescribed legally for medicinal purposes until 1936 in the United States and 1938 in Australia. Forerunners to three of today's biggest pharmaceutical companies sold medicinal cannabis products. Taken orally rather than smoked, medicinal cannabis doses (like all medications) are controlled. The ratio of cannabinoids, the medically-active component to tetrahydrocannabinol (THC - the part that gives you the high), is minimised. International experience shows us that people who use it medicinally do not get addicted (as can occur when cannabis is smoked). This is in part because of the low concentration of THC and also because of the oral route of administration, which changes the speed it enters the bloodstream.  There are no receptors in the part of the brain, which controls breathing and circulation. Hence it is almost impossible to overdose and kill yourself with oral cannabis by suppressing the breathing centre. Opiates, which are widely prescribed for pain, can do exactly that and are responsible for more deaths each year than illicit drugs. Medicinal cannabis, in simplest terms, can provide a clinical benefit without making you "high" if administered orally at a set dose. Benefits include relief of chronic pain (especially neuropathic pain), nausea associated with cancer and chemotherapy, some forms of epilepsy and multiple sclerosis. Further research will likely show other benefits, especially in conditions of the nervous system. The world is moving in this direction. Some 30 states in the US (the original home of Nixon's war on drugs) now have legal medicinal cannabis. Six states have gone even further.  Other countries with legal medicinal cannabis include South Africa, Chile, Israel, Germany, Italy and Mexico. So how do we introduce medicinal cannabis in Australia? The answer is to treat medicinal cannabis like any other therapeutic agent. It should be prescribed where there is evidence to support its use. Side effects need to be understood by its users. It needs to be regulated like any other pharmaceutical item and prescribed by doctors, dispensed by pharmacists. This is the standard model... not rocket science! Currently there are many Australians self medicating, illegally, by using inhaled cannabis. They do this because they get a medical benefit. Some of these people are the strongest advocates for medicinal cannabis, whose lobbying to politicians brought us to where we are now on the issue. The bottom line is... there is more than enough evidence to support the use of medicinal cannabis in certain people to treat certain conditions. Much like we don't use a blood pressure medication for asthma, we don't use medicinal cannabis for blood pressure. Like all medications, there are potential side effects but we currently use drugs that are potentially more harmful than medicinal cannabis but with far fewer hoops to jump through. With a modicum of goodwill and general common sense, we can get to the proverbial level playing field where it is no easier or harder to prescribe cannabis than any other medicinal product. Dr Joe Kosterich can also be heard on Radio 6PR every second Tuesday. Originally published on as 'Smoke and mirrors cloud WA cannabis trials: Dr Joe Kosterich'. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement Most Popular Hayley Dodd murder trial to hear of previous rape conviction 'Like Ned Flanders' wife': McGowan scorned for beer stance at stadium Free house up for grabs in Busselton - there's just one hook Coles Maylands supermarket held up by armed offender Margaret Court defends same-sex stance to Osborne Park church faithful Property News Push to save Sirius, Sydney’s ... Contains: External link Explainer: What are interest-only loans ... Contains: External link Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide WA News Hayley Dodd murder trial to hear of previous rape conviction Margaret Court defends same-sex stance to Osborne Park church faithful Free house up for grabs in Busselton - there's just one hook 12-year-old Perth girl runs from attempted abductor 'Marooned, attacked by crocs': Kimberley cops may have solved SOS mystery The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> Laptops Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Computex 2017 Intel CPUs GPUs Mobile AMD Smartphones Motherboards Laptops Home> Laptops Apple Refreshes Mac Laptops: Pro, Vanilla, & Air All Get New CPUs by Ryan Smith on June 5, 2017 10:20 PM EST Posted in Laptops Apple MacBook Pro MacBook MacBook Air Kaby Lake 43 Comments | Add A Comment 43 Comments + Add A Comment Today at their annual Worldwide Developer Conference, the company announced a slew of hardware updates for their entire range of laptops. Every last laptop, from the mighty MacBook Pro to the humble MacBook Air is getting some sort of CPU or platform update. As a result, Apple has a full family of refreshed laptops for the summer, all of which improve on their predecessor in one or more ways. We’ll start with the MacBook Pro and MacBook, Apple’s two modern laptop families. Both of these laptops have received their long-awaited update to Intel’s 7th generation Kaby Lake platform. Kaby Lake, for a quick refresher, uses the same Skylake CPU core as Intel’s 6th gen Skylake platform, but enjoys a modest frequency boost due to Intel's 14nm+ manufacturing process. Meanwhile on the graphics side of matters, all of these CPUs come with a newer media block that offers full hardware encode and decode of 10-bit HEVC. This is an important distinction since Apple will be supporting HEVC on macOS 10.13 High Sierra. There are no other major changes to the underlying Kaby Lake platform, so other than the clockspeed boost and improved media decoder, Kaby Lake is a conceptually simple update from Skylake. 2017 MacBook Lineup Model 2016 (Base) 2017 (Base) Dimensions 0.35 - 1.31 cm x 28.05 cm x 19.65 cm Weight 2.03 lbs (0.92 kg) CPU Intel Core m3-6Y30 (Skylake), cTDP Up Base: 1.1GHz Boost: 2.2GHz Intel Core m3-7Y32 (Kaby Lake), cTDP Up Base: 1.2GHz Boost: 3.0GHz GPU Intel HD Graphics 515 Intel HD Graphics 615 Display 12-inch 2304x1440 IPS LCD sRGB Gamut Memory 8GB LPDDR3-1866 8GB LPDDR3-2133 SSD 256GB PCIe SSD 256GB PCIe SSD (Newer Generation) I/O 1 x USB 3.1 (Gen 1) Type-C 3.5mm combo jack Battery Capacity 41.4 Wh Battery Life 10 Hours Price $1299 $1299 Accordingly, Apple has only made minimal other internal changes to these laptops. The MacBook does get a newer SSD – presumably the latest Apple design to replace its existing Apple SSD – which Apple states is up to 50% faster than the previous SSD. Surprisingly, the company is now also offering a 16GB memory option on the laptop, an interesting development since they were already using a full suite of chips to get to 8GB; so a teardown will be necessary to see how they’re getting to 16GB. 2017 MacBook Pro Lineup Model 2016 13" (non-touch) 2017 13" (non-touch) 2016 15" 2017 15" Dimensions 1.49 cm x 30.41 cm x 21.24 cm 1.55 cm x 34.93 cm x 24.07 cm Weight 3.02 lbs (1.37 kg) 4.02 lbs (1.83 kg) CPU 2.0GHz Core i5-6360U (Skylake) 2.3GHz i5-7360U (Kaby Lake) 2.6GHz Core i7-6700HQ (Skylake) 2.8GHz Core i7-7700HQ (Kaby Lake) GPU Intel Iris Graphics 540 Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 Intel HD Graphics 530 + AMD Radeon Pro 450 (2GB) Intel HD Graphics 630 + AMD Radeon Pro 555 (2GB) Display 13" 2560 x 1600 IPS LCD DCI-P3 Gamut 15" 2880 x 1800 IPS LCD DCI-P3 Gamut Memory 8GB LPDDR3-1866 8GB LPDDR3-2133 16GB LPDDR3-2133 SSD 256GB PCIe SSD 128GB PCIe SSD 256GB PCIe SSD Touch Bar No Yes I/O 2x Thunderbolt 3 (supports DP1.2 & USB 3.1 Gen 2 modes), 3.5mm Audio 4x Thunderbolt 3 (supports DP1.2 & USB 3.1 Gen 2 modes), 3.5mm Audio Battery Capacity 54.5 Wh 76 Wh Battery Life 10 Hours 10 Hours Price $1499 $1299 $2399 $2399 Meanwhile the 15” MacBook Pro is receiving a dGPU update. Apple has replaced the AMD Radeon Pro 400 series options with the Radeon Pro 500 series, which is comprised of the Radeon Pro 555 and Radeon Pro 560, Like the previous 400 series, both 500 series parts are based on AMD’s Polaris 11 GPU. Otherwise, Apple hasn’t made any internal or external changes to these laptops. They all have the same screens, same ports, same finishes, etc, as the 2016. And the Touch Bar is still present on all of the 15” SKUs and the higher-end 13” SKUs. So if you want a Touch Bar, you need to buy a more expensive SKU (or alternatively, a lower-end 13” if you don’t want the Touch Bar).  Finally, Apple has added a second low-end MBP 13” SKU with a smaller 128GB SSD, which has pushed the price of the cheapest model down from $1499 to $1299 as of the refreshed laptops. All of these updated laptops should be available from Apple on June 7th. MacBook Air Meanwhile in a surprising turn of events, Apple has given the 13” MacBook Air a minor speed boost. The laptop has languished without a real update for a couple of years now, still using Intel’s 5th generation Broadwell CPUs and a now dated low-DPI TN screen. Nonetheless, it’s still one of Apple’s more popular laptops due to its sub-$1000 starting price, which seems to be disrupting any plans to actually discontinue the laptop. As a result, Apple has given it a minor, late-lifetime speed boost. 2017 MacBook Air Lineup Model 2016 (Base) 2017 (Base) Dimensions 0.30 - 1.70 cm x 32.5 cm x 22.7 cm Weight 2.96 lbs (1.35 kg) CPU 1.6GHz Core i5-5250U 1.8GHz Core i5-5350U GPU Intel HD Graphics 6000 @ 950MHz Intel HD Graphics 6000 @ 1000MHz Display 13-inch 1440x900 TN LCD Memory 8GB LPDDR3-1600 SSD 128GB PCIe SSD I/O 2x USB 3.0 Type-A 1x Thunderbolt 2 SDXC Card Reader 3.5mm Audio Battery Capacity 54 Wh Battery Life 12 Hours Price $999 $999 The updated laptop retains the use of Intel’s Broadwell processor, but the base configurations now uses a faster chip, Intel’s Core i5-5350U, instead of the slower i5-5250U. As hinted at by the minor model number change, this is not a massive difference – both the base and the boost clock are 200MHz faster, for 1.8GHz base and 2.9GHz boost – but it is none the less a tangible performance improvement for Apple’s entry-level laptop. Otherwise, Apple has not made any other changes. It’s still the same size with the same panel and the same I/O, including the now dated Thunderbolt 2 port. Still, it buys the laptop a bit more time, at least until Apple can figure out what the future of their entry-level laptop model should be. Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 43 Comments View All Comments ltcommanderdata - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link Is HEVC support in High Sierra going to be Kaby Lake exclusive and require full hardware encoders and decoders or will the partial/hybrid acceleration in Skylake and Broadwell be supported as well? Back when H.264 acceleration was added to OS X, Apple did not support partial hardware acceleration for the GeForce 7xxx or Radeon X1xxx series, although this was so long ago it probably isn't a good comparison. Reply mdriftmeyer - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link If you watch the keynote it's software for non-HEVC hardware enabled and hardware based for systems that have that on-board. Reply ThreeDee912 - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link http://www.anandtech.com/show/9483/intel-skylake-r... Anandtech previously reported that Skylake apparently does have a full HEVC encode/decode support. A footnote on Apple's High Sierra page says that "The playback of 4K HEVC content requires a Mac with a sixth‑generation Intel Core processor or newer", so I guess older systems will use software decode instead and might have issues with 4K. Reply ThreeDee912 - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link 6th gen being Skylake, of course. Reply Penti - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link Full 10-bit support requires Kaby Lake. Reply Santoval - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link It depends on how you define "full". If you define it by 8 bit HEVC encode/decode but no 10 bit then you are technically right. Reply Morawka - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link i dont understand why apple is using broadwell CPU's in the new Macbook Air. The only reasons i can think of are anti-consumer/anti-cannibalism practices. Reply DanNeely - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link Because a newer CPU would require designing a new mobo to support it; and the MBA is on life support at the moment; and will presumably be killed off whenever they're willing/able to drop the price of the 1port macbook by a hundred dollars or two. Reply Dug - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link Does seem odd. People like the form factor, although the weight is the basically same as MacBook Pro. I would question the low res screen. Why even bother. Reply Eug - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link Cost. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News Enermax Launches MaxTytan: 80 Plus Titanium, Up to 1250 W, Integrated Power Meter ASRock Demos X399 ‘ThreadRipper’ Motherboards: M.2, U.2, 10 GbE, & More Apple Refreshes iPad Pro Lineup: A10X Fusion SoC for 10.5-inch, 12.9-inch Models ASUS Unveils Three Strix Gaming Monitors: FreeSync & High Refresh Rates The HTC U11 Giveaway: Win a Launch-Day Smartphone HP Updates Their OMEN Gaming Lineup: Desktops, Notebooks, eGFX, and Displays Apple Refreshes Mac Laptops: Pro, Vanilla, & Air All Get New CPUs Lower Cost 10GBase-T Switches Coming: 4, 5 and 8-port Aquantia Solutions at ~$30/Port Intel Announces SSD DC P4501 Low-Power NVMe SSD With 3D NAND MSI Shows Off GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X Card with USB Type-C Port Thecus Announces $130 and $200 Entry-Level NASes For Home Users AMD Announces Radeon Pro WX 3100 & WX 2100: Entry-Level Polaris Pro Cards TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte The UI was definitely doing 120Hz scrolling at times. 60Hz isn't un-smooth by any means, but 120Hz looks even better IanCutress: Everytime I fly back w/ partner connect, landing @British_Airways in LHR, they ignore/strips my Gold/Emerald priority tags off. 2 bags today IanCutress: @juneofla @CatManAsh I called my cat Kat. Short for Katamari, but she's basically always called Kitty. The small on… https://t.co/iDA8Vsqubh RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte To further elaborate, it does when the performance is there and you're not running framerate-locked conte… https://t.co/yNUBvsXpx4 IanCutress: Come on @BBCSport, spot the stupid stat bar that means absolutely the wrong thing in this context https://t.co/ReuUjezDKS IanCutress: @InstLatX64 SKL-S being 4/12/44? IanCutress: Virtu smartphone. 283900 NTD ~$9435 USD in duty free https://t.co/gIbMwDZlUB RyanSmithAT: @MukiEX57 I honestly haven't heard anything, but that doesn't mean they're not out there RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte Apple PMs have been good. When they don't know something they tend to tell us, rather than presume/guess. It's nice RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte And this is why Tim Cook said dithering and not a native 10-bit panel in his keynote address ganeshts: A great update to PCMark from @Futuremark ; A few more tweaks could make it even more attractive! cc @mccallry https://t.co/lLqqNkkMxI ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Also, cases where OS used to work on data can be same 'node' as file server (for… https://t.co/QcBy4I5RbV ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Today's NAS CPUs are an overkill for simple file serving. Better to put those CP… https://t.co/LZzhoex4pA ganeshts: Is anyone contemplating a 7700K build going to use anything other than an SSD as a boot drive? https://t.co/cioSjAs6Y7 ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy George Orwell's 1984 was published 68 years ago: Other dystopian novels that now hit home Vladimir Putin cracks the secret to acche din: The answer is to 'not be a woman' Man jokes about being 'stuck on Mars', receives Twitterati's ire for wasting Sushma Swaraj's time Pakistan's top diplomat laughed at for saying there are no safe sanctuaries for terrorists in Pak UK Election 2017: Rejoice! Dogs at polling stations tell you what's up most commented Renault Lodgy Stepway Edition launches for Rs 9.43 lakhs in India By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments HAL and Godrej played a key role in ISRO’s launch of its heaviest rocket, the GSLV MKIII By IANS 1   Comments Lenovo launches Moto Z2 Play in India for Rs 27,999; goes on sale from 15 June on Flipkart By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Lenovo IdeaPad 110 review: Makes for an ideal laptop for the first-time buyer only By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #WWDC Amazon Echo open to Siri, Google Assistant, says Amazon's senior VP of devices Flipkart offers massive Father's Day Special discount on Apple iPhone 6 iOS 11: How to install Apple’s latest mobile OS on your iPhone and iPad Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> WWDC 2017: Tech rivals join hands, Amazon Prime Video now on Apple TV   06 Jun 2017 , 07:51 #WWDC Representational Image 0 A deal bringing Amazon Prime Video to Apple TV, announced on Monday at Apple Inc’s developer conference after years of talk, shows how competitive tensions among Silicon Valley titans can stand in the way of serving customers. The logic of linking Apple TV, a device for watching television over the internet, with Amazon.com Inc’s booming video-streaming service looks obvious. Apple needs great video to sell its TV player. Amazon needs places to stream its TV shows so that people sign up for its Prime club to watch them – and buy more toilet paper, too. Viewers want to watch their favorite programs on whatever device they choose. Yet Monday’s announcement, rather than being routine, was the result of a negotiation stretching back at least to 2015 when Amazon stopped selling Apple TVs on its retail site. Amazon had explained that move by saying it wanted to avoid confusing customers who would expect Prime Video to be on devices sold by Amazon. Critics instead saw a negotiating tactic to get Prime Video onto the Apple device, and a prod for people to buy Amazon’s competing Fire TV players. “Whenever these companies try to freeze each other out, the consumer always loses,” said Paul Verna, an analyst at research firm eMarketer. Amazon and Apple declined to comment on how their differences have affected customers. The companies said Amazon shows will be available on Apple TV later this year, but did not specify a date. Streaming is not the only example where a spat between Apple and Amazon limited customer choice. Amazon’s popular voice-controlled speaker, the Echo, can be told to play songs from an Amazon music account or even Spotify, but not from Apple Music. Amazon’s Kindle app for Apple’s iPhone lets people read but not buy books, which must be purchased directly from Amazon’s website. According to former Amazon employees, the company at times brings in tangential business concerns as leverage in negotiations. “The outcomes of these deals may factor into future conversations,” said Scott Jacobson, a former Amazon manager and now managing director of Madrona Venture Group It was not clear how Amazon and Apple came to terms on the video player. Analysts estimate that the ascendance of Prime Video gave Amazon a better starting point for negotiations. Its shows and films have started winning awards, including three Oscars in 2017. The internet video player with most market share, Roku, not only offers Prime Video but has a smaller price tag than Apple TV. “It put Apple TV at a big disadvantage,” said Alan Wolk, lead analyst for TV industry publication TV[R]EV. Amazon declined to comment on whether it will again sell Apple TVs. Reuters Publish date: June 6, 2017 7:51 am| Modified date: June 6, 2017 7:52 am Tags: Amazon, Amazon Kindle, Amazon Prime, Amazon Prime India, Amazon prime video, Apple, Apple Silicon Valley, tvOS, WWDC Also read Apple WWDC 2017: Apple iPad Pro 10.5-inch announced with A10X Fusion chipset and ProMotion display WWDC 2017: Here’s everything that was announced at Apple’s largest developer conference X Recommended For You Amazon Echo open to Siri, Google Assistant, says Amazon’s senior VP of devices WWDC 2017: Apple’s iOS 11 update is bringing these cool new features to your iPad and iPhone WWDC 2017: A typical Apple event that stuck to the script, as always WWDC 2017: iOS finally has a file manager, here’s what we know about it Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Tableau Jun 8, 2017 Tableau 10.3 adds data driven alerts, a PDF connector, and a smart recommendations engine #net neutrality Jun 8, 2017 Mozilla, Amazon among others call for Internet-Wide Day of Action to save Net Neutrality #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Facebook Jun 8, 2017 Facebook has decided to move WhatsApp data from IBM Cloud to its own data centres #AI Jun 8, 2017 AI robot gets below average scores in Chinese university entrance exam #3D printer Jun 8, 2017 Researchers develop self replicating 3D printer that can be used to build an outpost on the Moon SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 0.5 / 10 10 reasons why you need to get the CENTRiC G1 ASAP! Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Apple Introduces Echo Rival HomePod And More At WWDC17 by Jay Barmann in Arts & Entertainment on Jun 5, 2017 3:45 pm The Home Pod. Photo courtesy of Apple. The long anticipated Apple rival to the Amazon Echo and Google Home, dubbed HomePod, has arrived. The centerpiece unveiling at Monday's WWDC keynote presentation, the HomePod is a predictably good looking and well designed device, and Apple CEO Tim Cook says, for one thing, the sound quality for music is going to blow everyone away. The New York Times notes that the biggest casualty of Apple entering the voice-enabled home speaker realm may end up being Sonos, whose app-controlled, internet-enabled stereo devices remain popular in-home speaker options. But with a Siri-controlled Apple device that also can send text, provide traffic and weather info, control home lighting, and play Apple Music, Sonos better watch out, not to mention Amazon, among whose Echo owners are likely a lot of iPhone owners and Apple fans. And as The Verge mentions, the HomePod also has a “Musicologist” feature that "works with Apple Music to stream the music you ask the speaker’s built-in Siri to play. [And] You can even ask more complex, music-related questions like 'Who’s the drummer in this song?' or 'What album came out on this day 20 years ago?'" As CNet points out, this also means that Apple's HomeKit software now has its own standalone device, meaning that it could attract Android users and others who previously did not want to use Siri through an iPhone or iPad. The HomePod will hit shelves in December, and is priced at $349, and apparently comes with companion speakers for creating surround-sound. The Verge runs down all the other big announcements from today's keynote, and those include a new iPad Pro model with a 10.5-inch screen, the new iOS 11 with improved camera and Apple Maps software, upgrades to Siri, and a powerful new iMac Pro on steroids that can support up to 18 core processors and is priced at $5,000. Also, in important news for the upcoming macOS release, High Sierra, there will be an update to Safari that helps block site trackers and autoplaying videos  something that seems to be an epidemic on media sites right now and it drives me, personally, insane. Below is The Verge's 19-minute edit of the full keynote. There's also an update to WatchOS with a new Siri interface and a new Music app for the Apple Watch, and laptops are getting updates, with a new faster 21.5-inch MacBook Air with 4K high resolution that will start at around $1,300, and a new 13-inch MacBook Pro that starts at $1,300. Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print amazon amazon echo apple homepod ipad iphone tech sector wwdc Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of sfist The 23 Best Cocktail Bars In SF The Best, Not-Wildly-Expensive Wine Country Restaurants The 9 Best Urban Hikes In SF The 15 Best Movie Theaters In The Bay Area The 13 Best Places To People Watch In SF   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Apple introduces Siri-powered HomePod speaker for $349 Apple unveiled Siri-powered smart speaker HomePod at WWDC 2017, as expected. The 7-inch tall is Apple’s answer to Amazon Echo and Google Home as it offers similar functions like playing music, checking the news and controlling other connected devices in the home. It uses spatial awareness to sense its location in a room and automatically adjust the audio.  HomePod features a large, Apple-designed woofer for deep, clean bass, a custom array of seven beam-forming tweeters. It comes with Siri intelligence and wireless access to the entire Apple Music library. HomePod has six microphones that enables easier interactions. It can learn preferences and also handle advanced searches within the music library. It will send messages, get updates on news, sports and weather, or control smart home devices by simply asking Siri to turn on the lights. The HomePod is powered by A8 chip and Apple says all the instructions to the the speaker are recognized locally on the device and they are encrypted. HomePod will be available for $349 in white and space gray. It will be available starting in December, initially in Australia, the UK and the US. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using OnePlus 3T but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on June 6, 2017Categories Apple, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: Apple introduces 10.5-inch iPad Pro with A10X Fusion chip, 120Hz refresh rate display Next Next post: Apple introduces iOS 11 with new Files app, Enhanced Siri, Voice Translation, Unified Control Center and more Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Moto Z2 Play Photo Gallery Moto Z2 Play launched in India, WhatsApp to get message recall feature and more – FoneArena Daily OnePlus 3 and 3T OxygenOS 4.1.5 update brings new features, optimizations and bug fixes Facebook launches disaster maps to help relief organizations after natural calamities WhatsApp for iOS v2.17.30 and later to get message recall feature soon Honor 8 Lite Battery Life Test Apple Design Awards 2017 winners for best apps and games announced Apple Watch with micro LED display expected ‘as soon as 2018’ Huawei Y7 Prime with 5.5-inch display, Snapdragon 435, fingerprint sensor, 4000mAh battery announced Moto Z2 Play with 5.5-inch 1080p display, Snapdragon 626, Android 7.1 launched in India for Rs. 27999 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Amazon has ditched its $60 unlimited cloud storage plan; now 1TB for $60 a year 1 hour ago Get a two year subscription to HideMyAss! VPN for just $54.99 - 65% off with Neowin Deals 1 hour ago Android 7.0 Nougat is now rolling out to the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge on T-Mobile 1 hour ago An AI got average marks for a university entrance exam, as it struggled with language 2 hours ago View all recent news Amazon has ditched its $60 unlimited cloud storage plan; now 1TB for $60 a year 1 hour ago Microsoft Rewards reportedly coming to France on June 12 8 hours ago Xbox Insider Preview build 15063.4054 is now available in the Alpha ring - here's what's new 10 hours ago Latest Outlook for Mac preview heads to the Fast ring, with a "highly requested" new feature 16 hours ago View all Microsoft news New Office Insider Preview for Android adds comments, a numeric keypad, and more 17 hours ago A Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ could be coming to the United States 20 hours ago Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P Jun 7, 2017 OnePlus 5 revealed in leaked image, confirming dual rear cameras Jun 6, 2017 View all Google news T-Mobile will offer Apple's latest iPad Pro starting next week 8 hours ago Behold! The Horizon Machine - what Apple uses to repair our cracked iPhone screens 19 hours ago Apple formally announces tvOS 11 19 hours ago A sting operation by the ACCC led to the lawsuit against Apple over "Error 53" Jun 7, 2017 View all Apple news Everything 1.4.1.877 18 hours ago Sandboxie 5.20 20 hours ago Tor Browser 7.0 21 hours ago CintaNotes 3.8 23 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending LG G6 review: A solid, stylish Android phone that checks the right boxes Jun 4, 2017 Review: The best of both worlds, Samsung's new convertible wireless charger May 24, 2017 Bluboo Edge review: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone May 21, 2017 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing and first impressions Jun 3, 2017 HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P Jun 7, 2017 Kodi just took a "big step" toward its return to Xbox as a UWP app Jun 6, 2017 New firmware is rolling out to the Surface Pro 3 - here's what's new Jun 7, 2017 The OnePlus 5 might come priced at €550 8 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get a two year subscription to HideMyAss! VPN for just $54.99 - 65% off with Neowin Deals 1 hour ago Get this Full Stack JavaScript Bundle for just $38 via Neowin Deals Jun 7, 2017 Get The Software QA & Testing Bundle: Lifetime Subscription for just $29 via Neowin Deals Jun 6, 2017 Get NetSpot Home for Windows, or for Mac: Lifetime License for just $19 (72% off) Jun 5, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ ustwo Games launches Monument Valley 2, exclusively for iOS By Rich Woods Neowin LLC @@TheRichWoods · Jun 6, 2017 with 8 comments At Apple's WWDC 2017 keynote today, ustwo Games took the stage and announced Monument Valley 2, which is the sequel to Apple's 2014 Game of the Year. It takes place in the same universe as Monument Valley, as you can probably tell from the screenshots above, the game "tells the story of a mother and child as they embark on a journey of discovery through a stunning and impossible world." Here's the full description: Guide a mother and her child as they embark on a journey through magical architecture, discovering illusionary pathways and delightful puzzles as you learn the secrets of the Sacred Geometry. Sequel to the Apple Game of the Year 2014, Monument Valley 2 presents a brand new adventure set in a beautiful and impossible world. Help Ro as she teaches her child about the mysteries of the valley, exploring stunning environments and manipulating architecture to guide them on their way. ustwo is promising a standalone adventure, and that if you've never played Monument Valley, you won't have any trouble getting into Monument Valley 2. The game will be launching as an iOS exclusive, although there's no word on if it will be coming to Android or Windows later on. You'll need a device that's running at least iOS 9, and it costs $4.99; however, there aren't any in-app purchases to worry about. You can purchase Monument Valley 2 here. If you still haven't played the original Monument Valley, you can purchase it for $3.99 here. Tags Apple Wwdc 2017 Ios Monument valley 2 Ustwo games Gaming Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Microsoft gives us a closer look at Scorpio dev kits Next Story Skype is shutting down on Windows Phone, RT, and Windows 10 Mobile Messaging app on July 1 Community Activity Refresh Amazon has ditched its $60 unlimited cloud storage plan; now 1TB for $60 a year in Front Page News Apple gives a sneak peek at its upcoming iMac Pro in Front Page News A sting operation by the ACCC led to the lawsuit against Apple over "Error 53" in Front Page News Microsoft says Office for Mac 2011 will not be supported on macOS 10.13 High Sierra in Front Page News DirecTV Now to work "exclusively on Chrome" from July, as support ends for other browsers in Front Page News OneLogin: Breach Exposed Ability to Decrypt Data in Back Page News Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P in Front Page News Apple "turns it up to 11" with iOS 11, bringing big improvements to iPhone and iPad in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P Jun 7, 2017 with 28 comments Kodi just took a "big step" toward its return to Xbox as a UWP app Jun 6, 2017 with 13 comments New firmware is rolling out to the Surface Pro 3 - here's what's new Jun 7, 2017 with 3 comments The OnePlus 5 might come priced at €550 8 hours ago with 4 comments Related Stories Nine months after its release, iOS 10 is now on 86% of iOS devices Jun 5, 2017 iOS 11, macOS 10.13 High Sierra, watchOS 4, and tvOS 11 Developer Previews are now available Jun 5, 2017 Final Fantasy 7 released on the iOS App Store today [Update] Aug 20, 2015 · Hot! 13 great Windows apps for users switching from Android and iOS tablets Mar 23, 2014 · Hot! Show Comments 8 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle $999.00 $69.00 93% off The Ultimate Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,186.00 $49.00 96% off Ivacy VPN: Lifetime Subscription $1,434.00 $29.99 98% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $89.00 85% off Linux Essentials Bundle $225.00 $39.00 83% off REVIEW The LG G6 is a solid, stylish phone that checks the right boxes lg review The best of both worlds: Samsung's new convertible wireless charger convertible Windows 10's adaptive CShell UI revealed in images and video cshell Seven months after its release, Android 7.1 Nougat is on just 0.6% of devices android Skype shuts down on Windows Phone, RT, and Windows 10 Mobile Messaging app on July 1 skype expected in august Android O likely to be the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P android o Microsoft rolls out new firmware update for Surface Pro 3 surface pro 3 VIDEO Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing lenovo A sneak peek at Apple's monstrous new iMac Pro imac pro Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices 11 changes coming to iPhone with Apple's iOS 11 USA TODAY Edward C. Baig 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL America's fastest growing cities 15 commercial products invented for the military Click to expand Replay Video Trump pitched solar-powered border wall that would 'pay for itself' One of President Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises has yet to come to fruition. But Trump has a new idea for the border wall between the U.S. and Mexico that might help him keep his promise. Susana Victoria Perez (@susana_vp) has more. Veuer Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone On the border of China and Kazakhstan, an international free trade zone has become a showpiece of Chinese President Xi Jinping's signature "Belt and Road" Initiative to boost global trade and commerce by improving infrastructure and connectivity. But as Graham Mackay reports, Horgos, the youngest city of China's new Silk Road, is not all it seems. Reuters 9 jobs that are quickly disappearing in the US These nine jobs could be on their way out, based on the Bureau of Labor Statistics' occupational outlook data. Business Insider SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO 11 changes coming to iPhone with Apple's iOS 11 USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump pitched solar-powered border wall that would 'pay for itself' Veuer0:58 Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone Reuters1:48 9 jobs that are quickly disappearing in the US Business Insider2:23 GE factory jobs move from Wisconsin to Canada CNN Money4:31 What gas inventories say about oil supply and demand Bloomberg2:50 Hyperloop One goes from London to Edinburgh in 50 minutes Wochit Tech0:59 Michelle Obama tells Apple: You won't get my money unless you include more women CNBC0:43 How charities need to change to end poverty The Wall Street Journal.2:25 Caesars Entertainment seeing growth in Las Vegas Fox Business4:33 Smart tap aims to serve 'perfect' beer BBC News1:59 Here's where Americans say they waste the most money CNBC0:47 Uber's no good, very bad year so far The Washington Post2:36 Amazon discounts Prime for welfare and food stamps recipients Reuters0:59 Are there 50,000 new coal jobs as EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt claimed? The Washington Post1:07 5 online mistakes that are costing you money The Wall Street Journal.1:43 New Supreme Court case could reshape cellphone privacy laws Newsy0:40 UP NEXT NEW YORK—Curious about the iPhone 8? Here's what's coming, courtesy of Apple's introduction of its new operating system. Popular Searches Alibaba Group Holding Ltd BABA ▲ 138.68 +13.00 +10.34% JM Smucker Co SJM ▼ 130.41 -0.40 -0.31% Boeing Co BA ▲ 189.16 +1.11 +0.59% Apple kept news of a tenth anniversary iPhone under wraps on day one of its Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif. But Tim Cook & Co. revealed plenty about the software that will be at the new iPhone’s core when it arrives, likely in the fall. As with prior iterations of Apple’s mobile operating system, iOS 11 also promises new features for current iPhone models. And Apple also reserved special love for iPads that the company can only hope helps revive a sagging brand.   iOS 11 was released as a developer preview today. Here are eleven of the changes coming to iOS that caught my attention: *Augmented reality. The faddish popularity of last summer’s Pokemon Go release gave iPhone users an early sense of what augmented reality is all about, essentially layering characters and other “fake” stuff on top of the real world. Using a platform called ARKit, developers will be able to exploit computer vision and take advantage of what Apple maintains will be “the largest AR platform in the world,” given the vast user base of iPhones and iPads that are out there. I’m eager to see the many ways developers might do just that, in gaming, commerce and more. One thing we know: augmented reality almost always makes for a cool demo, even in its simplest form as when an Apple executive made a faux steaming cup of coffee appear on an otherwise barren tabletop. © Apple iOS 11 brings changes to the iPad and the iPhone *Pay your friends in Messenger. Watch out, Venmo, PayPal and Square. Apple is enabling person-to-person payments inside the Messages app, via Apple Pay and with an assist from Siri. Apple still has some explaining to do when it comes to the finer details. For example, Apple executive Craig Federighi said on stage that when you receive money from a friend it will go into an Apple Pay Cash card, of which I’d like to learn more. *More useful maps. At least two of the new features coming to the Maps app are potentially very handy. Apple is adding what is says are detailed floor plan maps at a variety of shopping malls and major airports. And Apple will also provide a “lane guidance” view when you take the wheel of a car. *Do Not Disturb While Driving. Speaking of driving, this genuine safety feature is good news for drivers too easily distracted by notifications and alerts. When you turn on Do Not Disturb While Driving, iOS 11 will silence alert and notifications while keeping the screen dark. iOS 11 will use Bluetooth or Wi-Fi to measure that you’re moving in a car and if so, to suggest activating the feature. If it is activated, anyone sending you a message will get an automated response telling them that you’ll see their message when you get where you’re going. If the message senders want to alert you about is truly urgent, they can reply urgent in the message to permit it to get through to you. *A smarter Siri? The proof will be in the pudding. But Apple insists that through machine learning and artificial intelligence, Siri will indeed get smarter in iOS 11, and also learn more about how to please you with personal experiences and suggestions by learning what you’re doing inside the Safari, News, Mail and Messages apps. Your Siri interactions are synced across devices (and encrypted.) I don’t know how much you’ll appreciate the new, supposedly more natural-sounding male and female Siri voices. But international travelers will likely appreciate the fact that Siri will be able to translate English words and phrases into Chinese, French, German and Spanish. *Enhancements to Photos. iPhone photographers ought to welcome new features coming to the Photos and Camera apps, though of course I haven't put any of these to the test yet. (And who knows what kind of camera will be built into the next iPhone?) Such features include the ability to shoot Portrait Mode pictures (currently a feature on the iPhone 7 Plus only) with optical image stabilization. iOS 11 also lets you add effects and trim the short video snippets inside Live Photos images. And a new format called High Efficiency Image File Format can reduce the file size of the pics you take on an iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus. *New design for Control Center. New designs of any kind take getting used to but the changes to the Control Center where you can control audio, turn on Airplane mode, adjust the audio and more looks to be a positive step. Control Center packs such tools now in a single view, which you can get to with an upward swipe gesture. Meanwhile, a new lock screen also brings notifications into a unified view. *New design for App Store. On the design front, the App Store is also getting a makeover. Highlights include a new Today view with featured app content--valuable real estate for chosen app sellers of course--as well as a dedicated Games section. *One handed keyboard. This is another feature I'll need to try. But Apple is promising easier one-handed typing, with easy access to numbers, symbols and punctuation. *A richer music experience. Apple Music subscribers will be able to follow, contribute and listen to shared playlists with friends and create profiles so they in turn can follow you. What’s more, Apple has opened up Apple Music to developers, giving them full access to the 40 million songs in Apple’s cloud catalog. Apple noted on the WWDC stage that Nike can add exercise playlists through the catalog, or Shazam can automatically add the songs it identifies to your music collection. Meantime, while the newly-announced $349 Siri-controlled HomePod speaker isn't coming until December, the new AirPlay 2 feature in iOS 11, will let you control Apple TV and third party speakers in multiple rooms around the house, using Control Center, the Home app or Siri. *IPad only benefits.  Beyond the iPhone, Apple says iOS 11 is the biggest software release ever for the iPad. Two worth benefits worth mentioning: drag and drop support and a new Files app, both of which would make a tablet such as the iPad Pro that much more like a Mac. Email: ebaig@usatoday.com; Follow USA TODAY Personal Tech Columnist @edbaig on Twitter Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY How buying lunch can set you back $90,000 USA TODAY Baltimore's craft distilling destinations USA TODAY Nordstrom stock soars on news the company might go private USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Global mobile sales grow 9% in Q1 2017 - Daily News Egypt Thursday June 8, 2017 clear sky 37.1° Today's articles Galleries Videos Egypt’s Only Daily Independent Newspaper In English Subscribe with us Today’s issue Login Toggle navigation Navigation Politics Business Opinion Lifestyle Culture In Focus Sports Interviews Cartoons Events home Advertise with us Developers Subscribe with us careers Terms of service Contact Advertising Area Advertising Area Business Global mobile sales grow 9% in Q1 2017 Pin +1 WhatsApp Tweet Share Share Jobzella Email Global mobile sales grow 9% in Q1 2017 Chinese companies increase market shares and press Samsung and Apple Daily News Egypt June 5, 2017 Be the first to comment Pin +1 WhatsApp Tweet Share Share Jobzella Email Gartner, a market research initiation, stated in a recent report that the biggest winner of the increase in the global mobile market was neither Apple nor Samsung, but rather three Chinese smartphone makers, especially as Apple’s sales stabilised in the first quarter. Apple’s steady sales are well-adjusted after sales of the company fell sharply in 2016. On the other hand, its main competition, Samsung, saw a significant decline in sales on the global level. According to the report, consumers worldwide bought 380 million smartphones in the first quarter of 2017, up by 9.1% from the same period last year, which shows that worldwide consumers are ready to spend more than before, which also indicates that prices will go up in the coming period. Chinese companies are the main beneficiaries of the growth of the smartphone market globally, including Huawei, Oppo, and Vivo. Garnet noted that these companies accounted for a collective market share of 24% of all sales in the first quarter of 2017, which is up by 7% compared to the same period in 2016. Samsung sold fewer phones in the first quarter of this year compared with the same period a year ago. Its sales reached 78.6 million devices in the first quarter this year, compared to 81.2 million for the same period last year. Samsung’s sales slump impacted its market share, where it dropped to 20.7% from 23.3%. Its competition, Apple, sold 51.99 million mobile devices, up from 50.8 million devices. Yet, its market share also declined to 13.7% from 14.8% in the same period last year. Huawei ranked third in terms of market share in the global mobile market by taking a market share of 9%, increasing from 8.3% in the first quarter of 2016. In fourth place came Oppo with a market share of 8.1% during the first quarter of the current year, up from 4.6% in the same period last year. Vivo came in fifth, with a market share of 6.8%, boosting its previous record of 4% in the first quarter last year. The growth of Chinese handset sales and Samsung’s dominance of a large share of global mobile market sales reflects the increasing market share of Google Android’s mobile operating system. The gap between Android and iOS continued to grow apart, where the former accounted for a market share of 86.1% up from 84.1%.   Topics: Apple Mobile Samsung Advertising Area Daily News Egypt More in Business More in Daily News Egypt Tarek Kabil, German ambassador discuss preparations for Al-Sisi’s visit to Germany next week Adoption of the executive regulations of the new licensing law within a month Ramadan entertainment programmes bring in crowds for hotels Tourism revenues still weak compared to 2010: EBCC Tourism Committee head Sunnier skies ahead for tourism sector despite challenges, as new bookings uptick Parliament starts discussing amendments of the state resources development fees law on Monday Aqaba and Beirut key touristic cities in MENA region: Colliers International WUZZUF launches its Internships programme for Summer 2017 37% of shoppers use smartphone apps to buy goods during Ramadan  Egypt Telecom employee detained for belonging to illegal group  Auerbach Grayson expands coverage of Japanese market Egypt signs export contracts with Erbil worth $8m   Tarek Kabil, German ambassador discuss preparations for Al-Sisi’s visit to Germany next week Adoption of the executive regulations of the new licensing law within a month Slow Factory heals the world with fashion Ramadan entertainment programmes bring in crowds for hotels Tourism revenues still weak compared to 2010: EBCC Tourism Committee head Sunnier skies ahead for tourism sector despite challenges, as new bookings uptick https://dailynewsegypt.com/2017/06/05/global-mobile-sales-grow-9-q1-2017-2/ Sidebar Recommended Samsung agrees with Raya, B.Tech, Mobile Shop to have its phones paid in installments without interest or down payment Global mobile sales grow 9% in Q1 2017 Google banks on AI, but so do its rivals South Korea’s election to upend business as usual? Samsung Launches Galaxy S8 and S8+ in Egypt Samsung posts biggest quarterly profit since 2013 Advertising Area Advertising Area Featured Video In Video: Kick off the first championship of the Egyptian automobile sector Shell Egypt Exchange rate in banks More highest rate to buy US Dollar Abu Dhabi Egypt Islamic Bank 18.08 EGP 9 mins ago lowest rate to sell US Dollar Cairo Bank 18.05 EGP 9 mins ago Bank Buy Sell Abu Dhabi Egypt Islamic Bank June 8, 12:02 am 18.07 18.17 Credit Agricole June 8, 12:05 am 18.07 18.17 Sueze Canal Bank June 8, 12:02 am 18.07 18.17 Blom Bank Egypt June 8, 12:02 am 18.05 18.15 Egypt Arab Bank June 8, 12:02 am 18.05 18.15 Editorial Pick Yusuf Sameh Alaraby: martyr of chaos, negligence, recklessness, and absence of law Ghada Abdel Razik accused of ruining flight attendants’ reputation  Parliament’s insignificant debates interfere with personal lives as legislative tasks linger Daily News Egypt and Al Borsa denounce continuation of arbitrary measures against them and blocking of their websites Latest News Tarek Kabil, German ambassador discuss preparations for Al-Sisi’s visit to Germany next week Adoption of the executive regulations of the new licensing law within a month Slow Factory heals the world with fashion Ramadan entertainment programmes bring in crowds for hotels Advertising Area Tweets by @DailyNewsEgypt Opinion Yusuf Sameh Alaraby: martyr of chaos, negligence, recklessness, and absence of law On the sidelines of “Belt and Road” Egypt needs huge investments and 10 million tourists Polezni Durak and the summit of Riyadh Limitations of illusion and cheap propaganda more Opinion Footer Menu home Advertise with us Developers Subscribe with us careers Terms of service Contact June 5, 2017 Breaking News No current breaking news Daily News Egypt Android App Available for free download on Google play View Daily News Egypt Ios App Available for free download on APP Store View
High-Def Digest Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming Blu-ray Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Home News Apple Details New iPad Pro Models with HDR Support Apple Details New iPad Pro Models with HDR Support Posted Mon Jun 5, 2017 at 12:45 PM PDT by Steven Cohen The company's latest iPads have been detailed. Apple has announced the newest additions to its iPad lineup. The new models include the iPad Pro 10.5-inch and iPad Pro 12.9-inch. "These are by far the most powerful iPads we've ever created with the world’s most advanced displays featuring ProMotion, the powerful new A10X Fusion chip and the advanced camera system of iPhone 7," said Greg Joswiak, Apple’s vice president of Product Marketing. "Together with iOS 11 these new iPad Pro models will radically change what users can do with iPad." The new iPad Pro features Apple's redesigned Retina display with ProMotion technology for faster refresh rates of up to 120Hz. Likewise, the screen offers support for the wide P3 color gamut and HDR playback at up to 600 nits of brightness. Under the hood, the device is powered by the company's new 64-bit A10X Fusion chip with a six-core CPU and 12-core GPU to deliver up to 30 percent faster CPU performance and 40 percent faster graphics performance than the previous A9X chip. A 12-megapixel rear camera with optical image stabilization and 4K video recording, and a 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with wide color capture are integrated as well, along with a four-speaker audio system.  Apple's latest iPad Pro models are now available for pre-order through apple.com and are set to start shipping next week. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro model comes in silver, space gray, gold, and rose gold with prices starting at $649 for the 64GB with Wi-Fi model and $779 for the 64GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model. Meanwhile, the 12.9-inch iPad Pro is available in silver, space gray, and gold with prices starting at $799 for the 64GB Wi-Fi model and $929 for the 64GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model. 256GB and 512GB versions of each size are also available. Source: Apple  Share: Facebook Google+ Twitter Tags: Apple, iPad Pro, Tablets, iOS, HDR (all tags) Permalink LATEST REVIEWS BLU-RAY ULTRA HD Bambi: The Signature Collection 5 Stars The Young Pope 3.5 Stars My Life as a Zucchini 4 Stars Insecure: The Complete First Season 3.5 Stars Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man 3 Stars They're Playing with Fire 3 Stars Aftermath 3.5 Stars View All A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station (Gen 3) (PS4) 4 Stars HyperX Alloy FPS Mechanical Gaming Keyboard (PC) 4.5 Stars Let it Die (PS4) 4 Stars Shantae: Half-Genie Hero (PS4) Telltale's The Walking Dead: Season Three - A New Frontier (Xbox One) 3 Stars Beholder (PC) 4 Stars Batman: The Telltale Series - City of Light (Xbox One) 4 Stars View All Ex Machina - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Snitch - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Dredd - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars John Wick: Chapter 2 - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Iron Man Trilogy - Ultra HD Blu-ray (German Import) 4 Stars Logan - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4.5 Stars The Great Wall - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 3.5 Stars View All LATEST NEWS BLU-RAY Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Arrow,' 'Lethal Weapon,' 'Going in Style,' and More Blu-ray News Roundup: 'The Flash,' 'Orphan Black,' 'A Fistful of Dollars,' and More Rupert Sanders' 'Ghost in the Shell' Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated & Detailed (UPDATED) Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Supernatural,' 'Species,' and More Is 'Logan' The End of Superhero Movies? (Or the Beginning of Phase Two)? Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Supergirl,' 'Prison Break,' and More 'The Boss Baby' Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D, and 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated & Supplements Detailed (UPDATED) Studiocanal Prepping James Cameron's 'Terminator 2: Judgment Day' for Blu-ray 3D HBO Unleashes Trailer for 'Game of Thrones' Season 7 Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Free Fire,' 'The Warlock Collection,' and More View All ULTRA HD 'Smurfs: The Lost Village' Announced for Blu-ray & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 'Batman & Harley Quinn' Blu-ray & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Announced 'Kong: Skull Island' Announced for Blu-ray, 3D, & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 'The Lincoln Lawyer' 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Bound "A Tribute to Those Killed by John Wick" Facebook Live Stream Set for May 23 Rumor Mill: 'E.T.' & 'Close Encounters' Headed for 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Ridley Scott's 'Alien: Covenant' Blu-ray & Ultra HD Blu-ray Up for Pre-Order! 'The Fate of the Furious' Blu-ray & Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated & Detailed (UPDATED) Danny Boyle's 'T2: Trainspotting' Blu-ray and Ultra HD Blu-ray Announced Daniel Espinosa's 'Life' Blu-ray and Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated and Supplements Detailed [UPDATED) View All HD GEAR Oppo Releases Dolby Vision Firmware Update for UDP-203 & UDP-205 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Players Klipsch Reveals Professional Series Reference Premiere Architectural Speakers DTS Virtual:X Tech Set to Debut with Yamaha YAS-207 Sound Bar Optoma Announces New 4K UHD HDR Projectors, Prices Start at $1,999 Amazon Prime Video App Officially Heading to Apple TV Later this Year Apple Unveils HomePod Smart Speaker Apple Details New iPad Pro Models with HDR Support Streaming News Roundup: ' The Last Tycoon,' Ellen DeGeneres Stand-Up, and More Gift Guide: Gear for Dads & Grads HD Gear News Roundup: ASUS HDR Monitor, Plex Live TV, and More View All THE BONUS VIEW ‘Fear the Walking Dead’ 3.01 & 3.02 Recap: “You’re Pointless” ‘Gotham’ 3.21 & 3.22 Recap: “I’m Blaming It on the Butler” ‘I’m Dying Up Here’ Pilot Recap: “It’s All About the Climb” Off the Shelf: ‘Weird Science’ ‘Twin Peaks’ 3.05 Recap: “Off in Dreamland Again, Huh?” Weekend Box Office: Wonderful! Blu-ray Highlights: Week of June 4th, 2017 – Ever Just the Same Weekend Roundtable: Favorite Movies by Female Directors ‘Graduation’ Review: Painful Parenting Weekend Movies: Days of Wonder View All High-Def Digest Bringing you all the best reviews of high definition entertainment. Founded in April 2006, High-Def Digest is the ultimate guide for High-Def enthusiasts who demand only the best that money can buy. Updated daily and in real-time, we track all high-def disc news and release dates, and review the latest disc titles. Copyright © 2017 Internet Brands, Inc. All rights reserved. Blu-ray News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders HD DVD Archive Games News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders Blog 3D At the Movies HD Content Home Theater TV Forums Blu-ray Software Blu-ray Bargains HD Smackdown Gaming Smackdown Home Theater Gear Our Site Web Search Connect with us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe via RSS About Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Careers Advertising Feedback
High-Def Digest Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming Blu-ray Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Home News Apple Unveils HomePod Smart Speaker Apple Unveils HomePod Smart Speaker Posted Mon Jun 5, 2017 at 01:10 PM PDT by Steven Cohen The wireless speaker features new spatial awareness technology. Apple has revealed its latest tech product, the HomePod. The wireless home speaker offers support for Apple Music, voice control, home assistant functions, and advanced audio quality features. "Apple reinvented portable music with iPod and now HomePod will reinvent how we enjoy music wirelessly throughout our homes," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. "HomePod packs powerful speaker technology, Siri intelligence and wireless access to the entire Apple Music library into a beautiful speaker that is less than 7 inches tall, can rock most any room with distortion free music and be a helpful assistant around your home." The HomePod measures just under 7-inches tall and uses a custom array of 7 beam-forming tweeters along with a 4-inch upward facing woofer. Under the hood, the speaker is powered by Apple's A8 chip providing bass management through real-time software modeling and other advanced audio functions, including the new spatial awareness feature. With spatial awareness, the HomePod is able to sense its position in a room -- whether it’s in a corner, on a table or in a bookshelf -- and then optimize its audio output for that location. To help achieve this, the device is also able to detect and separate center vocals, direct energy (instrumentation), and ambient audio (like backing vocals and reverb) within a music track, and then beam each piece directionally and blend them together specifically for the room's unique dynamics.   In addition, the speaker also includes a six-microphone array with advanced echo cancellation for Siri voice control and home assistant functions, allowing users to ask questions and access podcasts, news, weather, traffic, sports, reminders, timers, messages, and more. Finally, the HomePod has been designed for use with an Apple Music subscription for access to over 40 million songs. The Apple HomePod is set to launch in the US, UK, and Australia this December for $349. Models will be available in white and space gray. Source: Apple Share: Facebook Google+ Twitter Tags: Apple, HomePod, Speakers, iOS, Siri (all tags) Permalink LATEST REVIEWS BLU-RAY ULTRA HD Bambi: The Signature Collection 5 Stars The Young Pope 3.5 Stars My Life as a Zucchini 4 Stars Insecure: The Complete First Season 3.5 Stars Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man 3 Stars They're Playing with Fire 3 Stars Aftermath 3.5 Stars View All A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station (Gen 3) (PS4) 4 Stars HyperX Alloy FPS Mechanical Gaming Keyboard (PC) 4.5 Stars Let it Die (PS4) 4 Stars Shantae: Half-Genie Hero (PS4) Telltale's The Walking Dead: Season Three - A New Frontier (Xbox One) 3 Stars Beholder (PC) 4 Stars Batman: The Telltale Series - City of Light (Xbox One) 4 Stars View All Ex Machina - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Snitch - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Dredd - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars John Wick: Chapter 2 - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Iron Man Trilogy - Ultra HD Blu-ray (German Import) 4 Stars Logan - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4.5 Stars The Great Wall - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 3.5 Stars View All LATEST NEWS BLU-RAY Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Arrow,' 'Lethal Weapon,' 'Going in Style,' and More Blu-ray News Roundup: 'The Flash,' 'Orphan Black,' 'A Fistful of Dollars,' and More Rupert Sanders' 'Ghost in the Shell' Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated & Detailed (UPDATED) Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Supernatural,' 'Species,' and More Is 'Logan' The End of Superhero Movies? (Or the Beginning of Phase Two)? Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Supergirl,' 'Prison Break,' and More 'The Boss Baby' Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D, and 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated & Supplements Detailed (UPDATED) Studiocanal Prepping James Cameron's 'Terminator 2: Judgment Day' for Blu-ray 3D HBO Unleashes Trailer for 'Game of Thrones' Season 7 Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Free Fire,' 'The Warlock Collection,' and More View All ULTRA HD 'Smurfs: The Lost Village' Announced for Blu-ray & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 'Batman & Harley Quinn' Blu-ray & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Announced 'Kong: Skull Island' Announced for Blu-ray, 3D, & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 'The Lincoln Lawyer' 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Bound "A Tribute to Those Killed by John Wick" Facebook Live Stream Set for May 23 Rumor Mill: 'E.T.' & 'Close Encounters' Headed for 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Ridley Scott's 'Alien: Covenant' Blu-ray & Ultra HD Blu-ray Up for Pre-Order! 'The Fate of the Furious' Blu-ray & Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated & Detailed (UPDATED) Danny Boyle's 'T2: Trainspotting' Blu-ray and Ultra HD Blu-ray Announced Daniel Espinosa's 'Life' Blu-ray and Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated and Supplements Detailed [UPDATED) View All HD GEAR Oppo Releases Dolby Vision Firmware Update for UDP-203 & UDP-205 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Players Klipsch Reveals Professional Series Reference Premiere Architectural Speakers DTS Virtual:X Tech Set to Debut with Yamaha YAS-207 Sound Bar Optoma Announces New 4K UHD HDR Projectors, Prices Start at $1,999 Amazon Prime Video App Officially Heading to Apple TV Later this Year Apple Unveils HomePod Smart Speaker Apple Details New iPad Pro Models with HDR Support Streaming News Roundup: ' The Last Tycoon,' Ellen DeGeneres Stand-Up, and More Gift Guide: Gear for Dads & Grads HD Gear News Roundup: ASUS HDR Monitor, Plex Live TV, and More View All THE BONUS VIEW ‘Fear the Walking Dead’ 3.01 & 3.02 Recap: “You’re Pointless” ‘Gotham’ 3.21 & 3.22 Recap: “I’m Blaming It on the Butler” ‘I’m Dying Up Here’ Pilot Recap: “It’s All About the Climb” Off the Shelf: ‘Weird Science’ ‘Twin Peaks’ 3.05 Recap: “Off in Dreamland Again, Huh?” Weekend Box Office: Wonderful! Blu-ray Highlights: Week of June 4th, 2017 – Ever Just the Same Weekend Roundtable: Favorite Movies by Female Directors ‘Graduation’ Review: Painful Parenting Weekend Movies: Days of Wonder View All High-Def Digest Bringing you all the best reviews of high definition entertainment. Founded in April 2006, High-Def Digest is the ultimate guide for High-Def enthusiasts who demand only the best that money can buy. Updated daily and in real-time, we track all high-def disc news and release dates, and review the latest disc titles. Copyright © 2017 Internet Brands, Inc. All rights reserved. Blu-ray News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders HD DVD Archive Games News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders Blog 3D At the Movies HD Content Home Theater TV Forums Blu-ray Software Blu-ray Bargains HD Smackdown Gaming Smackdown Home Theater Gear Our Site Web Search Connect with us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe via RSS About Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Careers Advertising Feedback
Jump to navigation Register / Sign in Subscribe Now! Six-Pack Abs Metashred Extreme Fitness Workouts Sex & Women Health Nutrition Guy Gourmet MH Fitness Council Newsletters Shop Recipes Weight Loss Style Men’s Health Box Podcasts Women’s Health Active Living Guide Video Guy Wisdom MVP Network Discussions Give a Gift Retailer Program Customer Service Manage Email Preferences Media Kit E-Prints, Reprints Lose Your Spare Tire Personal Trainer Copyright Notice Terms of Use Advertise Rodale Inc. Brands Amazon Affiliate Privacy Policy The Editorial Team Site Map Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Pinterest Men's Health, The Brand Men Live By Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. No reproduction, transmission or display is permitted without the written permissions of Rodale Inc. Privacy Policy.   About Us. Enter the terms you wish to search for. Six-Pack Abs Fitness Sex Style Subscribe Subscribe Guy Wisdom techlust Apple Annouces Four Major Apple Watch Improvements to Make You Healthier and Fitter Watch out: The tech giant's top-selling device is getting even better By Gus Turner June 5, 2017 Chesnot / Getty Images Subscribe X Close State AL AK AS AZ AR AA AE AP CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA RI SC SD TN TX VI UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Your Privacy Rights   Canadian Customers Subscribe X Close State AL AK AS AZ AR AA AE AP CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA RI SC SD TN TX VI UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Your Privacy Rights   Canadian Customers Today, Apple delivered a keynote speech at their annual Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California. (For a full rundown of the presentation, check out our recap here.) During the event, Apple CEO Tim Cook boasted about the success of its industry-leading Apple Watch, which has distinguished itself as not only the top-selling smart watch on the market but also the most positively-reviewed device by customers. As you may know, Men's Health believes the Apple Watch is a stellar complement to your workout and your everyday life—in fact, here are five reasons why it can make you fitter and faster. And, thankfully, Apple isn't done innovating on this essential gadget. Here are four ways that they're going to continue to improve the Watch with its upcoming update, OS 4. 1. Greater synchronicity with your exercise machines Advertisement Advertisement Daily Dose Keep this field blank Enter your email address You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us Companies like Cybex, Life Fitness, Technogym, and more will pair your Watch with their exercise machines to log all the fitness data you could possibly need—including calories, distance, speed, floors climbed, incline and pace. Look out for this Apple Watch-enabled gym equipment to start rolling out in the fall. 2. Expanded Bluetooth capabilities The Apple Watch will become more essential to maintaining your health than ever, as it will now have ability to link with Bluetooth peripherals including glucose monitors, and even smart tennis rackets. 3. Better tracking of high-intensity interval training workouts Improvements to the Workout app will enable you to more accurately collect data from pool and HIIT workouts. (If you need a HIIT workout that will burn calories and strip fat fast, here's a cutting-edge routine to try today.) And, if you're doing multiple workouts in one session, you'll be able to group these together to receive a more coherent report of your fitness data when you're finished. 4. Personalized encouragement to keep you motivated and active The Apple Watch's signature Activity ring feature will help you stick to your daily fitness regimen with greater rigor. In OS 4, the company says, "intelligent coaching" and "tailored encouragement" will give you greater awareness of how close you are to reaching your daily fitness milestones.  Tags: techlustapplenews Privacy Policy  |  About Us Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from... {* loginWidget *} With a traditional account... {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} By logging in, you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome back! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} By clicking "Sign in", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} I have read and agree to the terms of use and privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Edit Your Account Profile Photo {* photoManager *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* #linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* loginWidget *} {* /linkAccountContainer *} Password Change Password Deactivate Account Deactivate Account Account Info {* #editProfileForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* gender *} {* birthdate *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* resendLink *} {* phone *} {* addressStreetAddress1 *} {* addressStreetAddress2 *} {* addressCity *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* addressState *} {* addressCountry *} {* savedProfileMessage *} {* /editProfileForm *} Change password {* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile. {* deactivateAccountForm *} No {* /deactivateAccountForm *} Almost Done! Please provide the information below before signing in. {* #requiredFieldsForm *} {* displayName *} {* backButton *} {* /requiredFieldsForm *} PREV NEXT Ad Blocker Detected Advertising helps us deliver great content at no charge to you To access please enter your email or disable your ad blocker Keep this field blank You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us
nzherald.co.nz Business Friday, 09 June 2017 Sign into your NZ Herald Register here Find out more My News Your news how you want it. On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later. Find out more Register now NZ Herald  > Business New Zealand Regional News Sport Business Property Technology World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Rural Driven Motoring News Video Photos Puzzles & Quizzes Classifieds Crime Politics Health News NZ Herald Focus Infographics Property Weather NZH Local Focus The Northern Advocate The Northland Age The Aucklander Hamilton News Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today Rotorua Daily Post Wanganui Chronicle Stratford Press Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Rugby League Cricket Football Netball Basketball Golf Motorsport Sailing Hockey Tennis Bowls UFC Boxing Athletics Triathlon Racing American Sports Small Business Business Opinion Personal Finance Currency Table Economy Business Travel Deloitte 200 Property Herald Homes True Commercial Spy TV Movies Books Music Culture Sideswipe Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Relationships Wellbeing Pets & Animals Bite Viva Canvas Horoscopes Africa Americas Asia Australia Europe Middle East NZ Travel Pacific Sudoku Codecracker Crosswords Wordsearch Daily quizzes Super Rugby All Blacks Lions Tour Rugby Champs NPC Six Nations Black Caps Domestic Cricket F1 V8 Rallying NZ Motorsport Indycar Motorcycling Speedway NASCAR Drifting Driven Motoring Recipes Restaurant Reviews Trending Topics America's Cup racing London Bridge terror attack UK election The Lions tour Weather Weather Home Kaitaia Whangarei Dargaville Auckland Thames Tauranga Hamilton Whakatane Rotorua Tokoroa Te Kuiti Taumarunui Taupo Gisborne New Plymouth Napier Hastings Dannevirke Whanganui Palmerston North Levin Paraparaumu Masterton Wellington Motueka Nelson Blenheim Westport Reefton Kaikoura Greymouth Hokitika Christchurch Ashburton Timaru Wanaka Oamaru Queenstown Dunedin Gore Invercargill NZME Network NZ Herald The Northern Advocate The Northland Age The Aucklander Hamilton News Bay Of Plenty Times Rotorua Daily Post Hawke's Bay Today Wanganui Chronicle The Stratford Press Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Viva Bite Spy Driven Motoring True Commercial The Country NZ Herald Insights Chinese Herald NewsPix WatchMe iHeart Radio GrabOne follow NZ herald on: Newstalk ZB The difference is opinion From breaking news to debate and conversation, we bring NZ the news as it happens. Grab One Grab life by the deals Do more of the things you love, and get more of the things you need, for less. About NZME Help & Support Contact Us Subscribe to NZ Herald Manage Your Subscription NZ Herald Digital Edition Advertise with NZME Book Your Ad Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017 NZME. Publishing Limited Breaking news: Air NZ CEO Christopher Luxon at IATA 6 Jun, 2017 12:45pm Quick Read NZ commodity prices rise 3 per cent in May 6 Jun, 2017 1:24pm Quick Read Advertisement Advertise with NZME. BUSINESS Apple goes wild, releases tons of new gear and moves on AR/VR 6 Jun, 2017 1:10pm 5 minutes to read × The new iMac packs a punch, but it doesn't come cheap. Photo / Juha Saarinen NZ Herald Share via email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Show more Bookmark this article Share on Facebook facebook Share on Twitter twitter Share via email email Share on LinkedIn linkedin Share on Google Plus google-plus Share on Whatsapp whatsapp Share on Pinterest pinterest Share on Reddit reddit × After turning a deaf ear for too long, Apple has heard power users who want computers that can keep up with new applications, and released new iMacs, MacBooks and iPad Pros. It's quite the ketchup bottle effect: with nothing arriving for a long while, the amount of new hardware suddenly released in front of 5300 conference goers at Apple's annual Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose was a surprise. Then again, Apple could hardly sit idle while other vendors released gear that's powerful enough to for professionals to work with virtual and augmented reality applications, so there was definitely a sense of urgency around the new hardware. iMacs, which hadn't been updated for two years, leading people to think the desktop computer is dead for Apple, were refreshed with better displays (10-bit colour), the latest Intel processors and the ability to take larger amounts of memory: up to 32 gigabytes for the 21.5-inch model, and 64 gigabytes for the 27-inch ones. Advertisement Advertise with NZME. Faster AMD Radeon Pro graphics cards are also available for the iMacs, and the hybrid solid-state/spinning disk Fusion drives are now standard. It looks like the new iMacs will provide decent performance, but won't come cheap. A 27-inch Retina 5K iMac specced up with 32GB of 2400MHz DDR4 and a 2TB Fusion drive memory costs $4709 for instance. Apple also put faster components into the MacBook Pro laptops. Now there are Kaby Lake processors from Intel, better AMD Radeon Pro graphics, faster solid state storage but oddly enough, you still can't go higher than 16GB of system memory. Intel's 7th-gen processors are now also in the lightweight MacBook, ditto quicker SSD storage, making them up to a fifth faster. The 12-inch MacBook is a great portable, but I had hoped the new processors would make it last longer than the specified 10 hours on battery. As expected, the A10 Fusion chip set from the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus found its way into new iPad Pros, in the A10X guise. There's now a 10.5-inch screen model, with the 9.7-inch one being discontinued. Why the slightly larger screen? Well, Apple said the bigger screen makes a full-sized onscreen keyboard fit. The Smart Keyboard accessory for the 10.5-inch is also full size, making it more comfortable to type on with large hands. The 120 Hertz refresh rate for the screen promises better responsiveness with the Apple Pencil. Not that it felt laggy before. Also, the screens are brighter at 600 nits, and use the P3 wide-colour gamut and are even less reflective than before. Both the 10.5-inch and the 12.9-inch iPad Pro have USB 3 circuits for quicker file transfers, whereas the 9.7-incher anomalously had the slower and older USB 2 in a device aimed at graphics, photo and video work. You can order the iPad Pros with up to 512GB of storage, and they should be plenty fast: Alasdair Coull, the creative director from Peter Jackson's Wingnut AR offshoot, demoed an augmented reality game on stage at WWDC 2017 that ran very smoothly despite requiring the sort of processing power that meant having a large desktop tower not so long ago. Apple hops aboard the VR and AR bandwagons Speaking of virtual and augmented realities, WWDC 2017 provided yet another opportunity for yours truly to don a pair of VR goggles to look silly in. Here I am, checking out a Final Cut Pro setup with an external Thunderbolt 3 storage array, running on one of the new Macs: The scenery that I saw was a walkthrough of Hawaii, and it was fairly realistic with positional audio enhancing the effect. I didn't dare to move around much, and was disappointed that there was no Apple VR gear... the goggles work, but I'd prefer lighter ones with nicer design, and higher resolution display and some sort of warning system for when you're about to bump into people and things. That's me being a bit claustro, so maybe I'll just stick to AR games for now. Not ready yet: the iMac Pro and Siri Speak... sorry, HomePod The iMacs above will no doubt be really quick and perfectly usable computers, but Apple teased the new Pro version which makes them seem a bit meh, really. I mean, who wouldn't want an iMac that can have up to 18 cores of Intel Xeon processor goodness, and 128GB of memory, not to mention AMD Pro Vega graphics? If that doesn't make you drool, you can stop reading this bit now, but the long and short of it is that the iMac Pro looks set to be an extremely quick machine, and work great for demanding graphics, video, yes VR/AR, and that somewhat scary application, machine learning. We'll see how the iMac Pro performs (and how much it'll cost in New Zealand) by December, which is a long time to wait. Also, I imagine this means that's that for an updated Mac Pro. The iMac Pro will be a niche machine, but the HomePod (shouldn't it have been Siri Speaker?) is definitely mass-market and should've been ready by now and not December. Apart from being able to go "Hey Siri" to the HomePod, which will be aimed at devices like Amazon's Echo when it comes out and have the speaker look things up for you - Apple has had to expand Siri's capabilities for this, and work out a way to keep your queries and orders safe for privacy reasons - the thing promises great sound with a 4-inch bass element and separate tweeters, and easy multi-room setup. There's an Apple A8 chip inside the HomePod to handle all the audio processing and privacy protection that Siri is vaunted for. Again, we'll see how the US$349 (NZ$489) Mac Pro cylinder-like HomePod works in practice in a few months' time - and if it will scare other vendors into action to come up with something as advanced. There was a colossal amount of new things announced at the WWDC 2017. This includes the MacOS High Sierra desktop/laptop and iOS 11 operating systems, which will be in beta soon and which deserve separate looks. Share via email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Show more Bookmark this article Share on Facebook facebook Share on Twitter twitter Share via email email Share on LinkedIn linkedin Share on Google Plus google-plus Share on Whatsapp whatsapp Share on Pinterest pinterest Share on Reddit reddit × Trending Topics America's Cup latest London Bridge terror attack UK election The Lions Latest from Business BUSINESS Fibre rollout racing ahead, says Chorus 6 Jun, 2017 1:10pm 3 minutes to read BUSINESS Would this block you from a home loan? 6 Jun, 2017 1:10pm 3 minutes to read BUSINESS Airport's new landing charges a 'fair balance' - CEO 6 Jun, 2017 1:10pm 4 minutes to read BUSINESS Auckland loses two pie factories 6 Jun, 2017 1:10pm 3 minutes to read Latest News Most Read WORLD Former FBI director James Comey arrives in Senate hearing room for long-awaited testimony about interactions with Trump 9 Jun, 2017 2:10am Quick Read WORLD Source: Trump 'disputes' Comey's claim that he asked for loyalty and to let go of the Flynn probe 9 Jun, 2017 2:05am Quick Read ENTERTAINMENT Ed Victor, literary agent for Clapton, Richards, dead at 78 9 Jun, 2017 2:05am Quick Read SPORT The Latest: Bacsinszky receives treatment after hurting knee 9 Jun, 2017 2:05am 3 minutes to read WORLD Will Trump survive bombshell? 8 Jun, 2017 3:04pm 5 minutes to read LIFESTYLE Why you should never dry clothes indoors 8 Jun, 2017 1:39pm 2 minutes to read SPORT From Warriors to ABs for bolter Laumape 8 Jun, 2017 2:43pm 5 minutes to read SPORT Crusaders a massive test for Lions 8 Jun, 2017 8:59pm 4 minutes to read Advertisement Advertise with NZME. Currency converter: Amount: From this currency: New Zealand Dollars (NZD) Australia Dollars (AUD) United States Dollars (USD) Euro (EUR) United Kingdom Pounds (GBP) Japan Yen (JPY) China Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Canada Dollars (CAD) South Africa Rand (ZAR) Emirati Dirham (AED) Afghan Afghani (AFN) Albanian Lek (ALL) Armenian Dram (AMD) Dutch Guilder (ANG) Angolan Kwanza (AOA) Argentine Peso (ARS) Australian Dollar (AUD) Aruban or Dutch Guilder (AWG) Azerbaijani New Manat (AZN) Bosnian Convertible Marka (BAM) Barbadian or Bajan Dollar (BBD) Bangladeshi Taka (BDT) Bulgarian Lev (BGN) Bahraini Dinar (BHD) Burundian Franc (BIF) Bermudian Dollar (BMD) Bruneian Dollar (BND) Bolivian Bolíviano (BOB) Brazilian Real (BRL) Bahamian Dollar (BSD) Bhutanese Ngultrum (BTN) Botswana Pula (BWP) Belarusian Ruble (BYN) Belizean Dollar (BZD) Canadian Dollar (CAD) Congolese Franc (CDF) Swiss Franc (CHF) Chilean Peso (CLP) Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Colombian Peso (COP) Costa Rican Colon (CRC) Cuban Convertible Peso (CUC) Cuban Peso (CUP) Cape Verdean Escudo (CVE) Czech Koruna (CZK) Djiboutian Franc (DJF) Danish Krone (DKK) Dominican Peso (DOP) Algerian Dinar (DZD) Egyptian Pound (EGP) Eritrean Nakfa (ERN) Ethiopian Birr (ETB) Euro (EUR) Fijian Dollar (FJD) Falkland Island Pound (FKP) British Pound (GBP) Georgian Lari (GEL) Guernsey Pound (GGP) Ghanaian Cedi (GHS) Gibraltar Pound (GIP) Gambian Dalasi (GMD) Guinean Franc (GNF) Guatemalan Quetzal (GTQ) Guyanese Dollar (GYD) Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Honduran Lempira (HNL) Croatian Kuna (HRK) Haitian Gourde (HTG) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) Israeli Shekel (ILS) Isle of Man Pound (IMP) Indian Rupee (INR) Iraqi Dinar (IQD) Iranian Rial (IRR) Icelandic Krona (ISK) Jersey Pound (JEP) Jamaican Dollar (JMD) Jordanian Dinar (JOD) Japanese Yen (JPY) Kenyan Shilling (KES) Kyrgyzstani Som (KGS) Cambodian Riel (KHR) Comoran Franc (KMF) North Korean Won (KPW) South Korean Won (KRW) Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD) Caymanian Dollar (KYD) Kazakhstani Tenge (KZT) Lao or Laotian Kip (LAK) Lebanese Pound (LBP) Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR) Liberian Dollar (LRD) Basotho Loti (LSL) Libyan Dinar (LYD) Moroccan Dirham (MAD) Moldovan Leu (MDL) Malagasy Ariary (MGA) Macedonian Denar (MKD) Burmese Kyat (MMK) Mongolian Tughrik (MNT) Macau Pataca (MOP) Mauritanian Ouguiya (MRO) Mauritian Rupee (MUR) Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) Malawian Kwacha (MWK) Mexican Peso (MXN) Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) Mozambican Metical (MZN) Namibian Dollar (NAD) Nigerian Naira (NGN) Nicaraguan Cordoba (NIO) Norwegian Krone (NOK) Nepalese Rupee (NPR) New Zealand Dollar (NZD) Omani Rial (OMR) Panamanian Balboa (PAB) Peruvian Sol (PEN) Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK) Philippine Peso (PHP) Pakistani Rupee (PKR) Polish Zloty (PLN) Paraguayan Guarani (PYG) Qatari Riyal (QAR) Romanian Leu (RON) Serbian Dinar (RSD) Russian Ruble (RUB) Rwandan Franc (RWF) Saudi Arabian Riyal (SAR) Solomon Islander Dollar (SBD) Seychellois Rupee (SCR) Sudanese Pound (SDG) Swedish Krona (SEK) Singapore Dollar (SGD) Saint Helenian Pound (SHP) Sierra Leonean Leone (SLL) Somali Shilling (SOS) Seborgan Luigino (SPL) Surinamese Dollar (SRD) Sao Tomean Dobra (STD) Salvadoran Colon (SVC) Syrian Pound (SYP) Swazi Lilangeni (SZL) Thai Baht (THB) Tajikistani Somoni (TJS) Turkmenistani Manat (TMT) Tunisian Dinar (TND) Tongan Pa'anga (TOP) Turkish Lira (TRY) Trinidadian Dollar (TTD) Tuvaluan Dollar (TVD) Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) Tanzanian Shilling (TZS) Ukrainian Hryvnia (UAH) Ugandan Shilling (UGX) US Dollar (USD) Uruguayan Peso (UYU) Uzbekistani Som (UZS) Venezuelan Bolívar (VEF) Vietnamese Dong (VND) Ni-Vanuatu Vatu (VUV) Samoan Tala (WST) Central African CFA Franc BEAC (XAF) Silver Ounce (XAG) Gold Ounce (XAU) Bitcoin (XBT) East Caribbean Dollar (XCD) IMF Special Drawing Rights (XDR) CFA Franc (XOF) Palladium Ounce (XPD) CFP Franc (XPF) Platinum Ounce (XPT) Yemeni Rial (YER) South African Rand (ZAR) Zambian Kwacha (ZMW) Zimbabwean Dollar (ZWD) To this currency: Australia Dollars (AUD) New Zealand Dollars (NZD) United States Dollars (USD) Euro (EUR) United Kingdom Pounds (GBP) Japan Yen (JPY) China Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Canada Dollars (CAD) South Africa Rand (ZAR) Emirati Dirham (AED) Afghan Afghani (AFN) Albanian Lek (ALL) Armenian Dram (AMD) Dutch Guilder (ANG) Angolan Kwanza (AOA) Argentine Peso (ARS) Australian Dollar (AUD) Aruban or Dutch Guilder (AWG) Azerbaijani New Manat (AZN) Bosnian Convertible Marka (BAM) Barbadian or Bajan Dollar (BBD) Bangladeshi Taka (BDT) Bulgarian Lev (BGN) Bahraini Dinar (BHD) Burundian Franc (BIF) Bermudian Dollar (BMD) Bruneian Dollar (BND) Bolivian Bolíviano (BOB) Brazilian Real (BRL) Bahamian Dollar (BSD) Bhutanese Ngultrum (BTN) Botswana Pula (BWP) Belarusian Ruble (BYN) Belizean Dollar (BZD) Canadian Dollar (CAD) Congolese Franc (CDF) Swiss Franc (CHF) Chilean Peso (CLP) Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Colombian Peso (COP) Costa Rican Colon (CRC) Cuban Convertible Peso (CUC) Cuban Peso (CUP) Cape Verdean Escudo (CVE) Czech Koruna (CZK) Djiboutian Franc (DJF) Danish Krone (DKK) Dominican Peso (DOP) Algerian Dinar (DZD) Egyptian Pound (EGP) Eritrean Nakfa (ERN) Ethiopian Birr (ETB) Euro (EUR) Fijian Dollar (FJD) Falkland Island Pound (FKP) British Pound (GBP) Georgian Lari (GEL) Guernsey Pound (GGP) Ghanaian Cedi (GHS) Gibraltar Pound (GIP) Gambian Dalasi (GMD) Guinean Franc (GNF) Guatemalan Quetzal (GTQ) Guyanese Dollar (GYD) Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Honduran Lempira (HNL) Croatian Kuna (HRK) Haitian Gourde (HTG) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) Israeli Shekel (ILS) Isle of Man Pound (IMP) Indian Rupee (INR) Iraqi Dinar (IQD) Iranian Rial (IRR) Icelandic Krona (ISK) Jersey Pound (JEP) Jamaican Dollar (JMD) Jordanian Dinar (JOD) Japanese Yen (JPY) Kenyan Shilling (KES) Kyrgyzstani Som (KGS) Cambodian Riel (KHR) Comoran Franc (KMF) North Korean Won (KPW) South Korean Won (KRW) Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD) Caymanian Dollar (KYD) Kazakhstani Tenge (KZT) Lao or Laotian Kip (LAK) Lebanese Pound (LBP) Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR) Liberian Dollar (LRD) Basotho Loti (LSL) Libyan Dinar (LYD) Moroccan Dirham (MAD) Moldovan Leu (MDL) Malagasy Ariary (MGA) Macedonian Denar (MKD) Burmese Kyat (MMK) Mongolian Tughrik (MNT) Macau Pataca (MOP) Mauritanian Ouguiya (MRO) Mauritian Rupee (MUR) Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) Malawian Kwacha (MWK) Mexican Peso (MXN) Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) Mozambican Metical (MZN) Namibian Dollar (NAD) Nigerian Naira (NGN) Nicaraguan Cordoba (NIO) Norwegian Krone (NOK) Nepalese Rupee (NPR) New Zealand Dollar (NZD) Omani Rial (OMR) Panamanian Balboa (PAB) Peruvian Sol (PEN) Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK) Philippine Peso (PHP) Pakistani Rupee (PKR) Polish Zloty (PLN) Paraguayan Guarani (PYG) Qatari Riyal (QAR) Romanian Leu (RON) Serbian Dinar (RSD) Russian Ruble (RUB) Rwandan Franc (RWF) Saudi Arabian Riyal (SAR) Solomon Islander Dollar (SBD) Seychellois Rupee (SCR) Sudanese Pound (SDG) Swedish Krona (SEK) Singapore Dollar (SGD) Saint Helenian Pound (SHP) Sierra Leonean Leone (SLL) Somali Shilling (SOS) Seborgan Luigino (SPL) Surinamese Dollar (SRD) Sao Tomean Dobra (STD) Salvadoran Colon (SVC) Syrian Pound (SYP) Swazi Lilangeni (SZL) Thai Baht (THB) Tajikistani Somoni (TJS) Turkmenistani Manat (TMT) Tunisian Dinar (TND) Tongan Pa'anga (TOP) Turkish Lira (TRY) Trinidadian Dollar (TTD) Tuvaluan Dollar (TVD) Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) Tanzanian Shilling (TZS) Ukrainian Hryvnia (UAH) Ugandan Shilling (UGX) US Dollar (USD) Uruguayan Peso (UYU) Uzbekistani Som (UZS) Venezuelan Bolívar (VEF) Vietnamese Dong (VND) Ni-Vanuatu Vatu (VUV) Samoan Tala (WST) Central African CFA Franc BEAC (XAF) Silver Ounce (XAG) Gold Ounce (XAU) Bitcoin (XBT) East Caribbean Dollar (XCD) IMF Special Drawing Rights (XDR) CFA Franc (XOF) Palladium Ounce (XPD) CFP Franc (XPF) Platinum Ounce (XPT) Yemeni Rial (YER) South African Rand (ZAR) Zambian Kwacha (ZMW) Zimbabwean Dollar (ZWD) Convert Trending in Business BUSINESS Airport's new landing charges a 'fair balance' - CEO 8 Jun, 2017 6:31pm 4 minutes to read Auckland Airport's boss downplayed criticism that new charges are "unjustifiably high". BUSINESS Fibre rollout racing ahead, says Chorus 8 Jun, 2017 8:48pm 3 minutes to read The Government's flagship Ultra-Fast Broadband project is now exceeding expectations BUSINESS Preschool fined $254K for funding claims 8 Jun, 2017 1:24pm 5 minutes to read A Montessori preschool has been fined $254,000 for misleading parents about funding. National Business Sport Property World Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Technology
"> Apple iOS 11 Update Will Improve Pokemon GO News Reviews Features Guides Apple iOS 11 Update Will Improve Pokemon GO By Boston Blake | Jun 5, 2017   As Pokemon GO approaches its one year mark since release on iOS devices, it looks like the game will soon be getting a boost in realism. Thanks to the newly announced ARKit augmented reality tool announced by Apple today, augmented reality creations like Pokemon GO will seem every more like they’re a part of the world around them. ARKit was revealed by Apple CEO Tim Cook during the Worldwide Developer’s Conference this morning, where he spoke about the future of augmented reality apps on iOS. During his keynote address, Cook described the “fast and stable motion tracking” that will make augmented reality objects interact better with their surroundings. For instance, objects like Pokemon will look like they’re actually standing on the ground, instead of hovering over it. Additionally, as users move their mobile devices around, the AR objects will remain stationary, with less shifting. During a demo at the event, Apple’s senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi showed off a Pikachu whose position and shadowing made it seem more dynamically embedded in the environment. To those watching, it really did look like the yellow lightning Pokemon was actually standing on the ground. This is good news for the game that topped the iOS App Store on launch day, and captured the hearts and minds of Pokemon fans around the globe. And thanks to continued fixes and updates from developer Niantic, the game has continued to improve over the last 12 months, making it just as inviting to play today as it was last summer. Additionally, with the recent revelation that playing Pokemon GO can be good for a person’s health, it seems there are ever more reasons to continue playing the mobile augmented reality game. The ARKit feature isn’t set to launch until later this year, so unfortunately it won’t be available on Pokemon GO for the upcoming Fire and Ice event, but will hopefully be ready to go for any winter events Niantic may be planning for the game. In the meantime, it seems there are numerous augmented reality game developers excited for the ARKit feature, meaning gamers will have plenty of augmented reality games to enjoy with better, more realistic creations in the not-too-distant future. Pokemon GO is currently available for Android and iOS devices. tags: Apple, iOS, Niantic, Pokemon, Pokemon GO Load Comments SCROLL FOR NEXT ARTICLE Latest Features Latest News Latest Reviews Latest Videos © 2009-2017 WARP 10 LLC ABOUT CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT ADVERTISE
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple This discounted bezel-less monitor goes great with Apple’s new MacBook Pro (or any other PC) Maren Estrada BGR News June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple just took the wraps off fresh new MacBook Pro 2017 computers during its big WWDC keynote, and Apple fans are already drooling. They’re faster, they’re more powerful, and they’re more energy-efficient than ever before. Apple’s slim and sleek new MacBook Pro models are fantastic for people on the go, but when you’re back in your office or at home it’s always nice to have a bigger screen. Lucky for you, the AOC i2777fq 27-Inch Bezel-less LED Monitor is on sale for $50 off right now on Amazon, and it’s the perfect companion for Apple’s new MacBook Pro 20017 models — or for any other PC on the planet, really. Here are some highlights from the product page: 27″ Class IPS LED Monitor (27″ Viewable) Full HD 1920x 1080 resolution, Extra Narrow Bezel 16:9 Aspect Ratio w/ color support of 16.7 Million Colors Brightness – 250 cd/m2, Dynamic Contrast Ratio – 50,000,000:1, Response Time – 5ms Connectivity – VGA, (2)HDMI w MHL, Display Port, Audio In/Out Wall Mountable 75mm, Slim Design, Speakers AOC i2777fq 27-Inch Class IPS LED Monitor, Bezel-less, Full HD, 5ms, 50M:1 DCR,VGA/(2)HDMI,MHL…: $199.99 If you do get the new MacBook Pro (or if you have last year’s model), here are cables that will let you connect via HDMI or DisplayPort: USB-C To HDMI Cable (5.9feet/1.8m),Phizli Thunderbolt 3 Type C To HDMI Converter Cable- 4K 60Hz…: $19.98 Cable Matters USB-C to DisplayPort 4K 60Hz Cable in Black (Thunderbolt 3 Port Compatible) - 6 F…: $19.99 Trending right now: WWDC 2017 live stream: Watch live as Apple unveils iOS 11, Siri Speaker and more WWDC 2017 live blog: iOS 11, Siri Speaker, MacBook Pro and more iOS 11 is here, with all-new Messages, Control Center and so much more See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next E3 Preview: What to expect from 2017's marquee video game expo Yahoo Tech Watch live streaming video of James Comey’s testimony before Congress right here BGR News All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The "Minimize All" keystroke in Windows Yahoo Tech Apple polishes up 23 features in Mac OS High Sierra Yahoo Tech This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Amazon Echo, Google Home and now, Apple HomePod Yahoo Tech Here’s what’s new: Apple’s High Sierra  Yahoo Tech This is probably the most covert hidden spy cam on the planet BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Apple’s top new iOS 11 features  Yahoo Tech The 27 most interesting new features in iOS 11 Yahoo Tech Prosecutor: Teen in texting suicide case wanted attention Associated Press Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Live updates from Apple's developers conference Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The fastest way to uninstall a Windows 10 app Yahoo Tech The iPhone 8's Big New Feature Is On the Way Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  Marvel's Hulk Is Telling A Painful Story About The Psychological Trauma Of Being A Superhero Esports Street Fighter Veteran Mocks Idea Of Selling Out By Selling T-Shirt Overwatch Ranks You Lower Than It Should So You Feel Better About Yourself  Smash Pro's Tournament Victory Speech Calls Out Nintendo A Pro Counter-Strike Match Suspended 30 Feet In The Air By A Crane Xbox Data Shows Xbox Gamers Aren't Using Backward Compatibility Much The Project Scorpio's Dev Kit Sounds Way Cooler Than Project Scorpio Gears Of War 4 Adds Ranked PC And Xbox Cross-Play This Week The FIFA Goal That Just Wouldn't Go In PlayStation The Story Behind Mass Effect: Andromeda's Troubled Five-Year Development Team Ninja's Final Fantasy Fighting Game Comes To PS4 Early Next Year The Omega Collection Makes Three Good Wipeout Games Even Better Fallout Controller Looks Like It Survived The Apocalypse Nintendo Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage Pikachu, That's A Bad Place For A USB Cable  Nintendo's Theme Park Teased In Cute New Trailer A History Of Kirby Death Animations PC Moirai Is An Adventure Game With A Killer Twist The GTA 5 We Deserve The End Is Nigh Is The Next Game From The Binding Of Isaac's Creator The Final Steam Greenlight Game Actually Looks Pretty Cool Mobile The New Crazy Taxi Mobile Game Gets By On Personality FRAMED Is Free, Again Sino Alice Art Gets Covered Up Because Of Cleavage Chill Soundtrack Makes Tricky Puzzle Game Slightly Less Stressful In Real Life Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons The Ten Commandments Of Video Game Collectables Deals: Hey Task Management Nerds, This Program Is For You How Much Would You Pay For A Game Streaming Service? Retro ScribbleTaku ScribbleTaku The Little Things That Make Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga So Delightful ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Overwatch Ranks You Lower Than It Should So You Feel Better About Yourself  The Ten Commandments Of Video Game Collectables Deals: Hey Task Management Nerds, This Program Is For You What We Loved About The Wonder Woman Movie Everything You Need To Know About Apple's New Stuff Mark Serrels Jun 6, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  apple Australian Stories feature Share Surprise! Apple stuff happened early this morning. A lot of Apple stuff. Here's everything you need to know. Apple Refreshes The Entire MacBook Line Up, And I'm Pissed Sucks if you bought a MacBook in November. Apple's New iPad Pro: Australian Price & Release Date The stuff you need to know. Uh, Apple, Did You Think This Through? Of course this shit looks like HAL. The Coolest Stuff Apple Announced Today At WWDC 2017 Stuff. Amazon Prime Video Is Coming To Apple TV After Years Of Delay Took long enough! Apple Is Getting Serious About AR Way Sooner Than We Were Expecting AR being bigger than VR is gonna become a thing, isn't it? MacOS High Sierra: The New Features Coming To Your Computer OS stuff. The Apple HomePod Will Hit Australia First Actually very cool. Apple's New HomePod Looks Fine As Hell Not bad. The iMac Pro Is Apple's New Super-Powered Workhorse The new iMac is beefy. New Apple iMacs And MacBooks: Australian Prices & Release Dates How much you'll be spending and when. Hey, Apple Updated The MacBook Air! I like the Air! Am I the only one? Here Are All Of The New Upgrades To Siri Maybe it'll understand my Scottish accent. (It kinda does now, to be fair.) Apple's New iPad Pro Takes A Stride Towards Killing Bezels Bye bye bezels. iOS 11: All The Cool New Features Coming To Your iPhone And iPad 'Cool'. 'New'. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Behind The Scenes Of Those Insane EB Games Sales Mark Serrels 07 Jun 2017 12:00 PM We've seen the storefronts. The gaudy red and white stickers, the tape, the t-shirts, the YOLO SWAG SALE. We've made the jokes. The same ones every year. "Gee I wonder if EB Games is having a sale?". You walk into the store, crack some funnies with the staff. Good times. But there's an untold story. We've gone behind the scenes of these bizarre sales. How does it all get put together? What are the instructions? What does it take out of EB's long-suffering staff, and what happens when you have to rip it all down? We spoke to numerous current and ex-EB Games employees to find out what it takes to set-up an EB Games sale. Buckle in people. The Next Mass Effect Andromeda Patch Will Let Male Characters Romance Jaal Patricia Hernandez 07 Jun 2017 10:30 AM Mass Effect. Andromeda's next patch has the sort of improvements you might expect, like expanded character creation options. It also has something very unusual for a video game patch. It adds another gay romance route for lovesick space adventurers. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Hey Task Management Nerds, This Program Is For You Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Trending Articles 1 Behind The Scenes Of Those Insane EB Games Sales 2 The Next Mass Effect Andromeda Patch Will Let Male Characters Romance Jaal 3 The Story Behind Mass Effect: Andromeda's Troubled Five-Year Development Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Here's the farewell letter James Comey sent his former FBI colleagues after Trump fired him The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Jun 08, 2017-Thursday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HomePod, Siri with a new voice, and software: Highlights from the Apple show Apple unveiled new hardware, including a Siri-powered speaker, and previewed upcoming iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple Watch features as the company’s Worldwide Developers Conference kicked off Monday. tech Updated: Jun 06, 2017 08:02 IST Associated Press, San Jose, California Tim Cook, CEO, holds an iPad Pro after his keynote address to Apple's annual world wide developer conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California, June 5, 2017. (REUTERS) Siri is getting a new voice, and the Mac is getting a new name. Apple unveiled new hardware, including a Siri-powered speaker, and previewed upcoming iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple Watch features as the company’s Worldwide Developers Conference kicked off Monday. New iMacs for software programmers are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for development virtual-reality experiences. Here are the highlights: Siri-powered speaker An internet-connected speaker called HomePod is coming in December for about $350. The speaker is similar to cheaper devices from Amazon and Google. A prototype Apple HomePod is seen during the annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California, U.S. June 5, 2017. (REUTERS) Apple says it’s giving more emphasis to sound quality, not just smarts. Jan Dawson, chief analyst with Jackdaw Research, says the price is good for a high-end audio device. Besides playing music, Apple’s Siri digital assistant will also respond to requests for information and other help around the house. A new, smarter Siri With an upcoming software update for iPhones and iPads, Siri will learn your habits based on what articles you might be reading, for instance. Or if someone texts you about owing money, it will ask if you want to pay using Apple Pay. Google already tries to be proactive with its Assistant on Android phones and Google Home speaker. Siri, meanwhile, is getting a new voice. Or make that new voices, with a male version of Siri is getting a refresh, too. And Apple Watch is bringing Siri front and centre. The smartwatch promises to learn about your routines to figure out what information to display. That could include a reminder to make a call or a flight reservation. About your privacy Apple says its Safari browser on the Mac will try to guard your privacy by identifying and blocking data files that track you as you move from website to website. Another Safari feature will stop video from automatically playing on websites. The features are part of the Mac software update this fall, to be called High Sierra. The current version is just Sierra. As for HomePod, Apple says that while the speaker’s always listening, nothing will be sent to Apple’s servers until you say, “Hey, Siri.” The protection is similar to what Google Home and Amazon’s Echo speakers already offer. Even then, Apple says it won’t know who you are - it’ll just get an anonymous ID to help process a response. A different reality Apple is trying to make augmented reality a reality with new tools for iPhones and iPads. Augmented reality is the blending of the physical and virtual worlds. In one demo, Apple executive Craig Federighi pointed a camera at a table on stage and added a virtual coffee cup and a lamp on the real table. Although Apple is late to the game, CCS Insight analyst Geoff Blaber says the new tools come “as the technology hits an inflection point.” A prototype Apple iMac Pro is seen during the annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California, June 5, 2017. (REUTERS) Apple’s new iMacs are getting brighter displays and graphics capabilities, which Apple says makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality experiences. So far, interest in VR has been strongest among gamers, developers and hardware makers rather than everyday users. Apple’s entry into the market could change that. New hardware Apple is introducing a 10.5-inch iPad Pro in an attempt to revive interest in its once hot-selling line of tablets. That size offers room for a full-size keyboard, something the 9.7 inch model couldn’t. Yet it isn’t as bulky as the 12.9-inch model. The new iPad starts at $649 and will start shipping next week. Apple also unveiled new Macs, addressing complaints that Apple has let its Mac lineup languish in favour of its better-selling products, namely the iPhone. New iMacs and MacBook laptops start shipping Monday. Apple also unveiled the high-end iMac Pro coming in December starting at about $5,000. Updates for the iPhone and iPad With the next version of the iOS system for mobile devices, messages will sync in the cloud. Only the most recent messages will be kept on the device to save storage space. For photos, Apple is replacing JPEGs with a new format meant to reduce file sizes. Although the format is not exclusive to Apple, it’s not yet clear how well the photos will work with non-Apple software and devices, which mostly use JPEG. Apple will also have new tools for organizing photos and creating sharable videos. Apple is also bringing the ability to pay someone back through its payment service, Apple Pay, much as PayPal and other services already do. Before, Apple Pay transactions could be done only with businesses and institutions. Apple Maps will get lane guidance for highways and floor plans for indoor malls and airports. Google Maps already does both. And Apple will have a new “do not disturb” mode for driving. The phone will block most notifications to reduce temptations behind the wheel. The free software, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. more from tech Lyft to bring autonomous rides to Boston with partnership Jun 06, 2017 19:19 IST In Pics: Apple’s 5 big announcements at WWDC Jun 06, 2017 12:38 IST New Horizons, New Courses Promotional Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Kerala: Petrol bomb hurled at BJP office in Trivandrum Jun 08, 2017 00:16 IST ‘Stay updated, don’t believe in rumours’: Indian Embassy in Qatar issues adviso... Jun 08, 2017 00:21 IST Beef ban row: BJP Meghalaya ‘expects’ more resignations after third leader quits Jun 08, 2017 00:14 IST Mandsaur violence: Farmers’ protests spread as Centre rushes five battalions to... Jun 07, 2017 23:59 IST 83% of Indians give thumbs up to country’s economy: Pew survey post demonetisat... Jun 07, 2017 23:30 IST Nephew of SP leader Abu Asim Azmi held in Mumbai for ‘running’ drug racket Jun 07, 2017 23:20 IST Cattle trade restrictions won’t affect party in region: BJP’s Northeast chiefs Jun 07, 2017 23:11 IST Sacked FBI director Comey says Trump told him to let Flynn probe go Jun 08, 2017 00:34 IST Iraqi Kurds plan independence referendum on September 25 Jun 08, 2017 00:29 IST UK election: Britain to decide between PM Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn Jun 08, 2017 00:43 IST London police conduct controlled explosion near new US embassy Jun 08, 2017 00:15 IST Saudi Arabia set to execute 14 Shias for protesting after ‘unfair trial’: Human... Jun 08, 2017 00:08 IST Anti-Muslim crimes spike in London after attack says Mayor Sadiq Khan Jun 07, 2017 23:55 IST Trump speaks to Qatar emir, offers help in resolving crisis: White House Jun 08, 2017 00:24 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi pune Mumbai man circulates colleague’s obscene video on WhatsApp, held Jun 08, 2017 01:37 IST Pregnant woman from Dharavi Mumbai’s seventh swine flu victim this year Jun 08, 2017 01:43 IST Upset with failure, engineering student from Mumbai jumps to death Jun 08, 2017 01:43 IST Cyber fraudster promises job in L&T, dupes 22-year-old Mumbai man of ₹20,000 Jun 08, 2017 01:31 IST Accident victim’s heart flown in from Indore, saves 11-year-old Mumbai boy’s li... Jun 08, 2017 01:43 IST Shiv Sena rejects Maharashtra government’s proposal for Metro 3 car shed at Aarey... Jun 08, 2017 01:43 IST Maharashtra FDA asks Centre to cap prices of ‘overcharged’ catheters Jun 08, 2017 01:01 IST BJP, Shiv Sena fight over returning ₹500-crore hospital plot to builder in Mumb... Jun 08, 2017 01:21 IST HC wants Maharashtra minister be made party in plea alleging misuse of office Jun 08, 2017 00:53 IST analysis columns editorials authors Champions Trophy: Anil Kumble wanting to stay coach good news for Indian cricket Jun 08, 2017 00:36 IST Is AAP repeating the mistake of over-reaching once again? Jun 07, 2017 23:51 IST Using NSA against cattle smuggling is excessive and uncalled for Jun 07, 2017 23:11 IST For opposition parties trying to come together, a `remove Modi’ message alone won’t... Jun 07, 2017 16:51 IST Why there can be no winners in a limited war between India and Pakistan Jun 07, 2017 14:51 IST ICC Champions Trophy: England won’t give Australia easy ride, says Jos Buttler Jun 08, 2017 01:43 IST Champions Trophy: Anil Kumble wanting to stay coach good news for Indian cricket Jun 08, 2017 00:36 IST ICC Champions Trophy: Hardik Pandya can become India great - Virat Kohli Jun 07, 2017 23:15 IST Virat Kohli admits ‘disagreements’ with R Ashwin but for a good reason Jun 07, 2017 23:16 IST India’s bowling one of the best, concedes Angelo Mathews ahead of ICC Champions... Jun 07, 2017 23:17 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Indian football season: AFC asks AIFF to decide on format for the short-term Jun 08, 2017 02:50 IST ICC Champions Trophy: England won’t give Australia easy ride, says Jos Buttler Jun 08, 2017 01:43 IST John McEnroe blasts Novak Djokovic, says he ‘gave up’ in French Open Jun 08, 2017 01:41 IST Hockey Maharashtra, Central Reserve Police Force and CISF win in Senior National... Jun 08, 2017 00:43 IST French Open: Andy Murray beats Kei Nishikori to set up semis clash with Wawrinka Jun 08, 2017 00:01 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Taylor Swift’s mom already approves of her relationship with Joe Alwyn Jun 07, 2017 22:22 IST Emilia Clarke optimistic about Daenerys Targaryen’s future on Game of Thrones Jun 07, 2017 22:03 IST Jerry Seinfeld denies Kesha a hug three times and Twitter does its best to rub it... Jun 07, 2017 21:37 IST Steven Spielberg’s secret movie starring Tom Hanks, Meryl Streep adds big names... Jun 07, 2017 21:20 IST The Mummy: New additions to the Dark Universe include Dracula, Frankenstein Jun 07, 2017 21:07 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Sattriya dance form to narrate the mythological love story of Usha and Aniruddh Jun 07, 2017 18:15 IST Hair’s their story: Runway boost for Indian male models with long locks Jun 07, 2017 17:48 IST New study links alcohol intake to loss of muscle mass and strength in older wom... Jun 07, 2017 16:07 IST Here’s how digital games can improve mental health among refugee children Jun 07, 2017 15:56 IST Persistent chronic pain may increase the risk of premature death: Study Jun 07, 2017 15:34 IST FDI has jumped to $61,724 bn from $34,487 bn: Narendra Modi Jun 08, 2017 00:26 IST 83% of Indians give thumbs up to country’s economy: Pew survey post demonetisat... Jun 07, 2017 23:30 IST 83% currency remonetised so far: RBI . Jun 07, 2017 20:20 IST Farm loan waivers raise risk of fiscal slippages, inflation: RBI Jun 08, 2017 00:40 IST RBI leaves repo rate unchanged at 6.25%, reverse repo rate stays at 6% Jun 07, 2017 14:47 IST RBI’s new monetary policy today: 5 things to watch out for Jun 07, 2017 11:39 IST Trump Organization launches new mid-range hotel chain ‘American Idea’ Jun 06, 2017 21:38 IST Lyft to bring autonomous rides to Boston with partnership Jun 06, 2017 19:19 IST In Pics: Apple’s 5 big announcements at WWDC Jun 06, 2017 12:38 IST BlackBerry downplays Toyota’s move of using rival software for in-car infotainm... Jun 06, 2017 19:19 IST HomePod, Siri with a new voice, and software: Highlights from the Apple show Jun 06, 2017 08:02 IST Apple unveils ‘HomePod’ speaker to take on Amazon Alexa, Google Home Jun 06, 2017 07:40 IST Apple kicks off mega event with virtual reality, browser privacy Jun 06, 2017 00:15 IST After London attack, Facebook says aims to be ‘hostile environment’ for terrori... Jun 05, 2017 17:22 IST Orissa HC directs CBSE to re-evaluate answer scripts Jun 07, 2017 20:42 IST UP Board result 2017: What Class 10 and 12 examinees should keep in mind Jun 07, 2017 19:46 IST DU course profile: Chemistry opens up various career options Jun 07, 2017 20:50 IST Delhi University’s Institute of Home Economics to offer Journalism Honours Jun 07, 2017 18:04 IST ICSE to hold board exams for Class 5 and 8 students from 2018 Jun 07, 2017 22:08 IST Photos | Assam floods disrupt life and crop harvests Jun 07, 2017 15:47 IST Photos| Jaipur’s community water kiosks face irrelevance Jun 07, 2017 11:27 IST From the archives: Operation Blue Star on 33rd anniversary Jun 07, 2017 10:18 IST Photos: Heatwave grips Delhi, maximum above 45 degrees Jun 05, 2017 18:32 IST World Environment Day: India’s water crisis is dirty, damaging Jun 05, 2017 18:31 IST Girl escapes death miraculously after being run over by train Jun 07, 2017 18:49 IST Five die as police fire at farmers protest in Mandsaur, MP Jun 07, 2017 15:03 IST Pro-Khalistan slogans raised in Golden Temple on Op Bluestar anniversary Jun 06, 2017 17:49 IST Rented air-coolers installed in hospital for Yogi’s visit, later removed Jun 06, 2017 12:52 IST Countdown for ISRO’s GSLV-Mark III rocket launch begins Jun 05, 2017 11:59 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Jun 08, 2017-Thursday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate Apple unveils ‘HomePod’ speaker to take on Amazon Alexa, Google Home The speaker, powered by Apple’s digital assistant Siri, has been built to access news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. tech Updated: Jun 06, 2017 07:40 IST San José, California The HomePod speaker was unveiled at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference on June 5, 2017, in San Jose, California. (AP) Apple on Monday unveiled its ‘HomePod’ speaker as it moved to challenge Amazon Alexa and Google Home as a smart home and music hub. HomePod, powered by Apple’s Siri digital assistant, will be priced at $349 (approximately Rs 22, 454) when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain, the tech giant announced at its annual developers conference. “It’s so cool, we really believe it is going to take your home music experience to the next level,” Apple chief executive Tim Cook said of the new device. HomePod will taking Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have been building momentum in the market for voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. HomePod is designed to work with the Apple Music subscription service and can produce rich sound while tapping into the artificial intelligence power of Siri. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the Siri team at Apple had tuned the assistant into a “musicologist” that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the internet cloud. The speaker has the “power to rock the house,” according to Schiller, who said the team worked to make HomePod an potent assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. Playing to strength HomePod capped a keynote presentation at Apple’s Worldwide Developer Conference that included updates to its iPad and Mac laptop lines, and upgraded operating software enabling augmented reality for iPhones and iPads. Analysts said Apple is playing to its strength in the music industry by focusing on sound quality and its catalog of songs available on HomePod. “Apple is smart to frame the HomePod as a music-centric and audio-centric device rather than just another smart speaker or another home for Siri,” said Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson. “The fact that Apple is claiming to marry really great and smart audio with a smart assistant and cloud music service makes this device unique in the market so far.” Some industry insiders, however, note that Apple will be under more pressure to improve the computing smarts of its Siri software in the face of offerings from rivals Google and Amazon. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8% for Google Home and 5.6% for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Macs and iPads Cook used the Apple keynote to show off new iPad and Mac computer models, as well as provide glimpses at coming versions of the software powering the technology titan’s devices. Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi said the next Mac operating system will be named “High Sierra” in tribute to the California mountain range. High Sierra features will include being able to stop unexpected videos from starting to play automatically when landing on web pages and “intelligent tracking prevention” that will prevent ads from following people about the internet. High Sierra will be released later this year as a free update, according to Federighi. Along with upgraded versions of iPad and Mac laptops, Apple provided look at an iMac Pro work station that had the computing built in behind the screen and was touted as the most powerful computer the company has ever made. The iMac Pro was to begin shipping in December with a starting price of $4,999 (approximately Rs 3,21,621). Apple told the developers they were overhauling the App Store, giving it a fresh look, and beginning to add the floor plans of shops and airports to its mapping program. Apple also released a software kit so developers could infuse augmented reality into applications for iPhones or iPads. Given the hundreds of millions of Apple mobile devices in use, that will create the largest augmented reality platform in the world “overnight,” executives said. more from tech Lyft to bring autonomous rides to Boston with partnership Jun 06, 2017 19:19 IST In Pics: Apple’s 5 big announcements at WWDC Jun 06, 2017 12:38 IST New Horizons, New Courses Promotional Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Kerala: Petrol bomb hurled at BJP office in Trivandrum Jun 08, 2017 00:16 IST ‘Stay updated, don’t believe in rumours’: Indian Embassy in Qatar issues adviso... Jun 08, 2017 00:21 IST Beef ban row: BJP Meghalaya ‘expects’ more resignations after third leader quits Jun 08, 2017 00:14 IST Mandsaur violence: Farmers’ protests spread as Centre rushes five battalions to... Jun 07, 2017 23:59 IST 83% of Indians give thumbs up to country’s economy: Pew survey post demonetisat... Jun 07, 2017 23:30 IST Nephew of SP leader Abu Asim Azmi held in Mumbai for ‘running’ drug racket Jun 07, 2017 23:20 IST Cattle trade restrictions won’t affect party in region: BJP’s Northeast chiefs Jun 07, 2017 23:11 IST Sacked FBI director Comey says Trump told him to let Flynn probe go Jun 08, 2017 00:34 IST Iraqi Kurds plan independence referendum on September 25 Jun 08, 2017 00:29 IST UK election: Britain to decide between PM Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn Jun 08, 2017 00:43 IST London police conduct controlled explosion near new US embassy Jun 08, 2017 00:15 IST Saudi Arabia set to execute 14 Shias for protesting after ‘unfair trial’: Human... Jun 08, 2017 00:08 IST Anti-Muslim crimes spike in London after attack says Mayor Sadiq Khan Jun 07, 2017 23:55 IST Trump speaks to Qatar emir, offers help in resolving crisis: White House Jun 08, 2017 00:24 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi pune Mumbai man circulates colleague’s obscene video on WhatsApp, held Jun 08, 2017 01:37 IST Pregnant woman from Dharavi Mumbai’s seventh swine flu victim this year Jun 08, 2017 01:43 IST Upset with failure, engineering student from Mumbai jumps to death Jun 08, 2017 01:43 IST Cyber fraudster promises job in L&T, dupes 22-year-old Mumbai man of ₹20,000 Jun 08, 2017 01:31 IST Accident victim’s heart flown in from Indore, saves 11-year-old Mumbai boy’s li... Jun 08, 2017 01:43 IST Shiv Sena rejects Maharashtra government’s proposal for Metro 3 car shed at Aarey... Jun 08, 2017 01:43 IST Maharashtra FDA asks Centre to cap prices of ‘overcharged’ catheters Jun 08, 2017 01:01 IST BJP, Shiv Sena fight over returning ₹500-crore hospital plot to builder in Mumb... Jun 08, 2017 01:21 IST HC wants Maharashtra minister be made party in plea alleging misuse of office Jun 08, 2017 00:53 IST analysis columns editorials authors Champions Trophy: Anil Kumble wanting to stay coach good news for Indian cricket Jun 08, 2017 00:36 IST Is AAP repeating the mistake of over-reaching once again? Jun 07, 2017 23:51 IST Using NSA against cattle smuggling is excessive and uncalled for Jun 07, 2017 17:18 IST For opposition parties trying to come together, a `remove Modi’ message alone won’t... Jun 07, 2017 16:51 IST Why there can be no winners in a limited war between India and Pakistan Jun 07, 2017 14:51 IST ICC Champions Trophy: England won’t give Australia easy ride, says Jos Buttler Jun 08, 2017 01:43 IST Champions Trophy: Anil Kumble wanting to stay coach good news for Indian cricket Jun 08, 2017 00:36 IST ICC Champions Trophy: Hardik Pandya can become India great - Virat Kohli Jun 07, 2017 23:15 IST Virat Kohli admits ‘disagreements’ with R Ashwin but for a good reason Jun 07, 2017 23:16 IST India’s bowling one of the best, concedes Angelo Mathews ahead of ICC Champions... Jun 07, 2017 23:17 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Indian football season: AFC asks AIFF to decide on format for the short-term Jun 08, 2017 02:50 IST ICC Champions Trophy: England won’t give Australia easy ride, says Jos Buttler Jun 08, 2017 01:43 IST John McEnroe blasts Novak Djokovic, says he ‘gave up’ in French Open Jun 08, 2017 01:41 IST Hockey Maharashtra, Central Reserve Police Force and CISF win in Senior National... Jun 08, 2017 00:43 IST French Open: Andy Murray beats Kei Nishikori to set up semis clash with Wawrinka Jun 08, 2017 00:01 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Taylor Swift’s mom already approves of her relationship with Joe Alwyn Jun 07, 2017 22:22 IST Emilia Clarke optimistic about Daenerys Targaryen’s future on Game of Thrones Jun 07, 2017 22:03 IST Jerry Seinfeld denies Kesha a hug three times and Twitter does its best to rub it... Jun 07, 2017 21:37 IST Steven Spielberg’s secret movie starring Tom Hanks, Meryl Streep adds big names... Jun 07, 2017 21:20 IST The Mummy: New additions to the Dark Universe include Dracula, Frankenstein Jun 07, 2017 21:07 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Sattriya dance form to narrate the mythological love story of Usha and Aniruddh Jun 07, 2017 18:15 IST Hair’s their story: Runway boost for Indian male models with long locks Jun 07, 2017 17:48 IST New study links alcohol intake to loss of muscle mass and strength in older wom... Jun 07, 2017 16:07 IST Here’s how digital games can improve mental health among refugee children Jun 07, 2017 15:56 IST Persistent chronic pain may increase the risk of premature death: Study Jun 07, 2017 15:34 IST FDI has jumped to $61,724 bn from $34,487 bn: Narendra Modi Jun 08, 2017 00:26 IST 83% of Indians give thumbs up to country’s economy: Pew survey post demonetisat... Jun 07, 2017 23:30 IST 83% currency remonetised so far: RBI . Jun 07, 2017 20:20 IST Farm loan waivers raise risk of fiscal slippages, inflation: RBI Jun 08, 2017 00:40 IST RBI leaves repo rate unchanged at 6.25%, reverse repo rate stays at 6% Jun 07, 2017 14:47 IST RBI’s new monetary policy today: 5 things to watch out for Jun 07, 2017 11:39 IST Trump Organization launches new mid-range hotel chain ‘American Idea’ Jun 06, 2017 21:38 IST Lyft to bring autonomous rides to Boston with partnership Jun 06, 2017 19:19 IST In Pics: Apple’s 5 big announcements at WWDC Jun 06, 2017 12:38 IST BlackBerry downplays Toyota’s move of using rival software for in-car infotainm... Jun 06, 2017 19:19 IST HomePod, Siri with a new voice, and software: Highlights from the Apple show Jun 06, 2017 08:02 IST Apple unveils ‘HomePod’ speaker to take on Amazon Alexa, Google Home Jun 06, 2017 07:40 IST Apple kicks off mega event with virtual reality, browser privacy Jun 06, 2017 00:15 IST After London attack, Facebook says aims to be ‘hostile environment’ for terrori... Jun 05, 2017 17:22 IST Orissa HC directs CBSE to re-evaluate answer scripts Jun 07, 2017 20:42 IST UP Board result 2017: What Class 10 and 12 examinees should keep in mind Jun 07, 2017 19:46 IST DU course profile: Chemistry opens up various career options Jun 07, 2017 18:14 IST Delhi University’s Institute of Home Economics to offer Journalism Honours Jun 07, 2017 18:04 IST ICSE to hold board exams for Class 5 and 8 students from 2018 Jun 07, 2017 22:08 IST Photos | Assam floods disrupt life and crop harvests Jun 07, 2017 15:47 IST Photos| Jaipur’s community water kiosks face irrelevance Jun 07, 2017 11:27 IST From the archives: Operation Blue Star on 33rd anniversary Jun 07, 2017 10:18 IST Photos: Heatwave grips Delhi, maximum above 45 degrees Jun 05, 2017 18:32 IST World Environment Day: India’s water crisis is dirty, damaging Jun 05, 2017 18:31 IST Girl escapes death miraculously after being run over by train Jun 07, 2017 18:49 IST Five die as police fire at farmers protest in Mandsaur, MP Jun 07, 2017 15:03 IST Pro-Khalistan slogans raised in Golden Temple on Op Bluestar anniversary Jun 06, 2017 17:49 IST Rented air-coolers installed in hospital for Yogi’s visit, later removed Jun 06, 2017 12:52 IST Countdown for ISRO’s GSLV-Mark III rocket launch begins Jun 05, 2017 11:59 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple WWDC Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple WWDC Here's How Safari Will Keep Ads From Stalking You Around the Internet Kate Conger | Gawker MediaJun 6, 2017, 05.38 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit appleImage Credit Continue reading Photo: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo Safari is getting an update that will prevent those annoying ads that follow you from one website to the next as you browse the internet, encouraging you to hurry up and buy that one item you looked at on Amazon two weeks ago. Craig Federighi, Apple's senior vice president of software engineering, announced the tweak at Apple's developer conference today-and the promise of it is enough to make me want to switch back over from Chrome. Apple is calling the update "Intelligent Tracking Prevention" and users will get to experience it when the latest macOS, High Sierra, rolls out later this year. Advertisement Intelligent Tracking Prevention is Apple's attempt to better utilize cookies and claw back users' privacy from intrusive websites without totally breaking third-party logins-striking an elegant balance between privacy and convenience. To understand how Intelligent Tracking Prevention works, you first need to know how all those ads follow you around the internet in the first place. Advertisers use third-party cookies to track you as you click from from Amazon to Facebook to Asos and back again, and these cookies let advertisers learn about the browser you're using and the kinds of items you're shopping for. But these same kinds of cookies allow for, as Apple calls them , "'Sign in with my X account on Y' login scenarios"-so Apple can't ban them altogether without creating headaches for users who sign into other sites using their Facebook or Google accounts. Sponsored To allow for these types of login scenarios while still preventing creepy ads, Safari will consider how often a user interacts with specific websites: Image: Screenshot /Apple In the first 24 hours after you visit a particular website, cookies are fair game (so you might notice ads for an item immediately after you looked at it). Advertisement After one day, Safari will partition cookies so they can still be used for logins but not for cross-site tracking. After 30 days, all cookies are purged and users will need to log in again. "This means users only have long-term persistent cookies and website data from the sites they actually interact with and tracking data is removed proactively as they browse the web," John Wilander, a WebKit security engineer at Apple, wrote in a post for Apple. Advertisement "Many users feel that trust is broken when they are being tracked and privacy-sensitive data about their web activity is acquired for purposes that they never agreed to," Wilander wrote, adding that the changes to Safari are intended to help rebuild that trust. Apple isn't the only company trying to cut back on annoying ads. Google is considering rolling out ad-blocking in Chrome , and there are already a number of browser add ons that can do the same. But as Federighi stressed during his keynote, Safari isn't getting an ad blocker. Users will still see ads-just not the same ad, over and over again, for a product they recently viewed in an online store. Advertisement To further combat obnoxious ads, Federighi announced at the keynote that Safari would also block auto-play video ads. Auto-play videos will be paused in Safari until a user choses to push play. Chrome has also targeted auto-play videos, but reportedly only blocks videos delivered via the Flash plugin, meaning that HTML5 videos can still play uninterrupted. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: Applewwdc 17WWDCSafariPrivacyad blockerapplewwdc2017 Next StoryApple Busted Misleading Customers in Sting Operation, Lawsuit Claims Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us More from this author Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices with Apps, Even After Deletion Apple's Upgrades to Location and Photo Privacy Features Are Pretty Great Uber Exec Dismissed After Sharing Rape Victim's Medical Records Related stories What to Expect From Apple WWDC 2016 Apple Handpicks Its 12 Favorite Apps at WWDC Everything Apple Tried to Kill Today at WWDC 2015 The Coolest Stuff Apple Announced Today at WWDC 2017 Apple Has Big Plans This Year In WWDC FROM THE WEB Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance Their baby cant even sit up due to his liver! Milaap Get quality online traffic with Times Network COLOMBIA Top 15 Cleanest Beaches in Florida Viral Vacation Ideas 20 Celebs You Could Never Guess Are Actually Black SocialDaft! MORE FROM GIZMODO When Will Robots Deserve Human Rights? Watching Lightning Strike a Building in Super Slow Motion Is Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza on UberEats But Received... 'Miracle material' could end cracked smartphone, tablet dis Taiwan's HTC says virtual reality headset will be compatible Snap Inc acquires location analytics startup for $200 mn You May Like Boost website traffic with targeted audience. Ad: COLOMBIA My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! Ad: Milaap 10 Expensive Bollywood Films Which Turned Out To Be Flops Ad: BOLLYWOODUNION TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Actors Ad: CRITICSUNION No Tobacco Day: हर रोज जाती हैं 3,288 लोगों की जान Ad: NETWORK18 MEDIA & INVESTMENTS LTD 15 most beautiful women in the world Ad: CrazyFreelancer Apple WWDC Line up your pockets because we have the prices of the new Apple MacBooks and iPads ... HomePod may be late in the game, but it could reinvent music in your home ... Apple refreshed its entire range of iMacs and MacBooks at WWDC 2017 ... Apple introduced iOS 11: Here’s what’s new ... Read more Editor's Pick Apple has quarter of a trillion dollars in cash. Here are 5 things it can do with that mu ... A Google engineer recreated a DSLR photo using a Nexus 6P with absolute perfection ... Hello, Hello, this is Xiaomi’s best phone for 2017 and it’s a baller ... Hot Right Now Scientists Find 100 Million-Year-Old, Mostly Complete Baby Bird Trapped in Amber ताड़ी पीने से मना करने पर बेटे ने बाप का रेत दिया गला Ad: NETWORK18 MEDIA & INVESTMENTS LTD Uber Exec Dismissed After Sharing Rape Victim's Medical Records Uber's CEO Searches for Enlightenment in Company Lactation Room We Can Be Easily Tricked Into Liking Bad Wine Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine a Little Less Secret Scientists Are Now Using AI to Predict Autism in Infants Scientists Weigh a Star Using Gravity, Proving Einstein Wrong by Proving Him Right Here's Everyone NASA Felt Was Better Than You Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza on UberEats But Received... Oh My God What Is That?! Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Gadgets Now Shop Samsung On5 Pro (Black, 2GB RAM) ₹ 7240BUY2GB RAM, 8MP Camera Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black) ₹ 7999BUY2GB RAM, 8MP Camera LYF Water 10 4G VoLTE- 16GB (Black) ₹ 6070BUY3GB RAM, 4G VoLTE Apple Busted Misleading Customers in Sting Operation, Lawsuit Claims Uh, Apple, Did You Think This Through? Apple's New HomePod Looks Fine as Hell Here Are All of the New Upgrades to Siri Apple Is Getting Serious About AR Way Sooner Than We Were Expecting Everything You've Ever Wanted to Know About Sex In Space   Apple's New iPad Pro Takes a Stride Towards Killing Bezels Good MacOS High Sierra: The New Features Coming to Your Computer Apple Refreshes the Entire MacBook Line Up, and I'm Pissed 1Here's How Safari Will Keep Ads From Stalking You Around the Internet 2Apple Busted Misleading Customers in Sting Operation, Lawsuit Claims 3Uh, Apple, Did You Think This Through? 4Apple's New HomePod Looks Fine as Hell 5Here Are All of the New Upgrades to Siri 6Apple Is Getting Serious About AR Way Sooner Than We Were Expecting 7Everything You've Ever Wanted to Know About Sex In Space   8Apple's New iPad Pro Takes a Stride Towards Killing Bezels Good 9MacOS High Sierra: The New Features Coming to Your Computer 10Apple Refreshes the Entire MacBook Line Up, and I'm Pissed About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS More from our Partners Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 46-55 We set you thinking Thursday 8 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition IT Show Cameras Gadgets Games Tech Reviews newstream Business Wall St. opens little changed; Comey awaited 1496930143 World “Blackface” video in Malaysia blasted on social media 1496930221 World North Korea launches missiles at area where US warships had sailed 1496898120 Business Euro slips as ECB damps down inflation, tapering expectations 1496929352 World UK arrests three as footage of London Bridge attack appears online 1496903745 Business Italy rally soothes Europe's UK election, ECB jitters 1496925587 Business Nordstrom family exploring deal to take retailer private 1496927864 World Ethnic tensions bubble in Nigeria in echo of Biafra civil war 1496928406 Singapore Singapore Zoo’s white tiger, Omar, dies 1496898180 World Food, families and flights: anxiety and confusion descend on Qatar 1496927703 World Tehran blames Saudis for terror attack 1496871060 Sports Argentina star Messi’s absence from Singapore game angers local fans 1496906760 Business Forestar says D.R. Horton's offer could be superior to Starwood bid 1496927120 World Italian electoral reform deal unravels, markets rally 1496926586 World Iran attackers fought for Islamic State in Syria, Iraq: ministry 1496926705 Business More upbeat, the ECB signals end to rate cuts 1496927085 World Pakistan says raid on cave hideout stops Islamic State 'foothold' 1496925827 World UAE re-imposes port ban on Qatari-linked oil tankers 1496925755 World Al Jazeera says will keep editorial independence in Gulf dispute 1496925755 World Russia rebuffs Poland's criticism it mishandled 2010 air crash bodies 1496925728 World U.N. expert mission assists Ivory Coast arms cache investigation 1496923803 World Britain drops opposition to new EU military command center 1496925225 Business ECB policy changes came without dissent - Draghi 1496926124 Business ECB's Draghi drops reference to 'downside risks' to economy 1496925711 Business Nissan to make automatic emergency braking standard in one million U.S. cars 1496923405 Business Jobless claims drop; labor market slack shrinking 1496926235 Business Boeing barrels ahead on 787 and 777 cost reductions 1496913339 Business Boeing studies pilotless planes as it ponders next jetliner 1496926512 World May's bid for stronger Brexit hand at stake in UK election 1496876899 Entertainment Peranakan fashion at your fingertips 1496921820 Singapore Plea deal offered to Australian involved in Changi Airport scuffle 1496924220 World Story of mankind rewritten as oldest fossils found 1496925730 Sports Conte says I am not in his plans next season: Diego Costa 1496924340 China&India Indian teenager tops exams, eschews college to become monk 1496924220 Sports Manchester City sign Brazilian keeper Ederson 1496923740 World Chad recalls ambassador from Qatar amid Gulf Arab row 1496922498 World ‘I am doing good’: A Syrian smuggler’s story 1496923027 Singapore More than 2,700 cartons of contraband cigarettes seized from a farm 1496923021 Entertainment Chuck Berry revisits youth in posthumous album 1496922724 Sports Family carnival and clinics to kickstart ICC football activities in Singapore 1496920980 World Boko Haram attack on Nigerian city of Maiduguri kills 14 people, say police 1496921084 World Norway Supreme Court turns down mass murderer Breivik's appeal 1496919670 World Kosovo Islamic State commander killed, police and family say 1496918466 World Manchester bomber radicalized in UK in 2015: Tripoli counter-terror force 1496917900 World Somalia's al Shabaab kills 20 soldiers in Puntland attack: officer 1496917390 World Final UK opinion poll shows PM May's Conservatives' lead widening 1496919038 Entertainment Wonder Woman banned in yet another country — Tunisia 1496920338 World Al Shabaab takes over Somali town, claims killing 61 in military base attack 1496913416 World Australian police to get greater powers to shoot in militant sieges 1496903045 World Bodies, debris found in search for missing Myanmar aircraft 1496904598 Tech Apple unveils HomePod speaker, taking on Amazon and Google Apple's HomePod, a speaker, to rival Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home, at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, Calif., June 5, 2017. Photo: The New York Times mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 9:55 AM, June 6, 2017 SAN FRANCISCO — Apple entered the growing field of voice-controlled speakers for the home on Monday (June 5), taking on early leaders Amazon.com and Google. Apple’s speaker, called HomePod, emphasises the enjoyment of music and looks like a wide can with curved edges. Unlike Amazon’s new Echo Show, Apple’s device does not have a screen. It will allow users to talk to Siri, Apple’s digital assistant, while at home and costs US$349 (S$ 481) — almost double the price of most competing products. HomePod is Apple’s first major new hardware product since the Apple Watch’s release in 2015, and it comes at an important time for the company. The Cupertino, California-based technology giant is seeking new revenue streams after becoming heavily reliant on the success of the iPhone. The market for internet-connected speakers and other smart home technology may be big enough to help Apple diversify. Shipments of intelligent home speakers surged nearly 600 per cent year-over-year to 4.2 million units in the fourth quarter, with Amazon taking about 88 per cent share and Google 10 percent, according to consultant Strategy Analytics. Spending on smart home related hardware, services and installation fees will reach US$155 billion by 2022, up from almost US$90 billion this year, with devices accounting for about half of that, the consulting firm also estimates. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has stressed the importance of Apple’s services business, predicting it will double in size by 2021. The new speaker establishes a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into these services. It also combats the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: Those don’t support Apple services like Apple Music, which brings in US$10 in revenue per user each month. Without an Apple speaker, consumers seeking smart home devices may opt both for competing hardware and services like Amazon Prime and Google Play Music. The product was introduced on stage by Apple executive Phil Schiller, who said it works closely with the company’s Music app and will ship in December in the US, UK and Australia. The Siri digital assistant has been updated to understand more spoken requests focused on music, he added. The device has already entered production, Bloomberg reported last month. It has been tested by some Apple employees in their homes for upwards of a year, according to people familiar with the matter. During this week’s conference, Apple also discussed significant software upgrades for the iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple TV, and Apple Watch and debuted new iPad and Mac computer models. BLOOMBERG mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Tech READ COMMENTED ‘Smart’ solar palm trees power Wi-Fi, phones in Dubai ‘Sextortion’, a new cyber crime, is common: Study ‘PCs will not go away in the next five or 10 years’ ‘PCs not dead yet’ ‘MyShake’ app, a personal tsunami warning system Work and play with Microsoft US might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland security So your phone ran out of juice. Here are the top chargers for it. Peranakan fashion at your fingertips More style and substance from Acer Apple wants to rock the market with HomePod, faces challenges Apple unveils HomePod speaker, taking on Amazon and Google Inside Today World “Blackface” video in Malaysia blasted on social media Ethnic tensions bubble in Nigeria in echo of Biafra civil war Food, families and flights: anxiety and confusion descend on Qatar Iran attackers fought for Islamic State in Syria, Iraq: ministry Italian electoral reform deal unravels, markets rally Business Euro slips as ECB damps down inflation, tapering expectations Wall St. opens little changed; Comey testimony eyed Nordstrom family exploring deal to take retailer private Forestar says D.R. Horton's offer could be superior to Starwood bid More upbeat, the ECB signals end to rate cuts Sports Conte says I am not in his plans next season: Diego Costa Manchester City sign Brazilian keeper Ederson Family carnival and clinics to kickstart ICC football activities in Singapore Argentina star Messi’s absence from Singapore game angers local fans Foreign talent scheme ‘can help Lions roar again’ Entertainment Chuck Berry revisits youth in posthumous album Peranakan fashion at your fingertips Wonder Woman banned in yet another country — Tunisia Movie review: The Mummy George and Amal Clooney welcome twins Ella and Alexander About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Technology Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News June 6 2017 Save Print License article Apple WWDC: Hands on with HomePod, iPad Pro and all the new Macs Peter Wells Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More San Jose: After a marathon set of announcements this morning, Apple invited press into a hands-on area for a brief play with their new Macs, iPads and the much hyped HomePod, Apple's take on the multi-room speaker. The biggest crowd was gathered around the HomePod table. Apple spent a long time framing this as a high end speaker first — something that competes with the Sonos or the Samsung Multiroom — and in a different league to "smart" speakers like the Google Home or Amazon's Echo. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Is Foxtel Now worth it? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:52 More Digital Life Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:39 Apple drops its latest gear Apple drops its latest gear The computer giant unveils an enormous assortment of new products. Up Next Is Foxtel Now worth it? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:52 Video duration 01:52 Is Foxtel Now worth it? Is Foxtel Now worth it? Is Foxtel Now, the new streaming service, any good? Michael Hing investigates. From the Feed SBS Viceland, 7.30 weeknights Up Next MP3 is dead Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:23 Video duration 02:23 MP3 is dead MP3 is dead With the developer of the MP3 declaring it 'dead' this week, we look back at the format that changed how we listen to music. Up Next Amazon sweeps US market for voice-controlled speakers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:50 Video duration 00:50 Amazon sweeps US market for ... Amazon sweeps US market for voice-controlled speakers Amazon will claim the majority of the US market for voice-controlled speakers, which are capable of turning on the house lights, playing music, and ordering an Uber. Up Next Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:24 Video duration 01:24 Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Apple has reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for its second quarter, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition of the company's most important product later this year. Up Next 'Fail Whale' creator announces dumpling emoji Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:05 Video duration 02:05 'Fail Whale' creator announces dumpling ... 'Fail Whale' creator announces dumpling emoji After making her name through designing Twitter's 'Fail Whale', Yiying Lu has bigger goals in sight: the world of emojis. Up Next The human microchip is here Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 The human microchip is here The human microchip is here Implanted under the skin, a Swedish company is offering human microchips to their employees to replace keys and cards, but at what cost to their privacy? More videos Apple drops its latest gear The computer giant unveils an enormous assortment of new products. A cynical view would be that this was to justify a high price tag but, after listening to the speaker in action, the comparison seems justified. When first unboxed, the HomePod scans the room, emitting reference sounds and listening back to them to work out where it has been placed. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Apple's HomePod attracted the biggest crowd at the WWDC hands-on area. Photo: Peter Wells If beside a wall, the speaker will use that wall to reflect some of the audio back, to help divide the bass from the high end, and give a more immersive sound experience. Place the HomePod on a centre table and the speaker will emit the best 360 sound for the space. It's all very clever technology, and at first listen the HomePod easily bested market leader Sonos in a side-by-side comparison. Advertisement Bass was deeper, and vocals more distinct from the rest of the mix. The comparison to the Echo was even more stark, with Amazon's speaker sounding about as good as audio leaking from a nearby commuter's headphones. The HomePod is due to be released in Australia in December, with the price to be announced soon (expect around $500 based on US pricing). SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link 10-year-old Australian app developer Yuma Soerianto uses the new iPad Pro. Photo: Peter Wells Perhaps unexpectedly, the next most exciting unit on display was the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, running iOS 11. iOS 11 features a swag of iPad only features, including a new Files app, a new dock, and new drag-and-drop features to enable better multitasking and sharing between apps. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link iOS 11 will give the new iPad Pro improved multitasking and file management capabilities. Photo: Peter Wells These new improvements are intuitive iOS interpretations of the actions we know from desktop computers, adding productivity power to the iPad, without impacting the famously simple-to-use device. The hardware is improved too. Apple has reduced the bezel around the display to fit more screen in a device that feels just like a regular iPad. That means a bigger, more comfortable keyboard, while still being light enough to hold and use one handed. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The new Mac laptops and desktops have been update with Intel's Kaby Lake processors. Photo: Peter Wells The screen is incredible, with detailed images like a 3D map of New York rendered beautifully on the faster 120Hz display. The new iPad Pro is available to purchase now, in both 10.5- and 12.9-inch models, shipping from next week. iMac and MacBook Pro models received welcome updates, but most improvements are under the hood. Still, it was impressive to see the new MacBooks running multiple 4K HDR tracks in Final Cut Pro, without breaking a sweat. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link iMacs have been updated with more powerful internals and brighter, more colourful screens. Photo: Peter Wells The most noticeable improvement is the 27-inch iMac's screen. It was already the best monitor on the market, but the improved display has even more colours, and was ridiculously bright in the dark hands-on area. The new iMacs and Macbooks are on sale today. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The iMac Pro is extremeley impressive on paper, but isn't ready for testing just yet. Photo: Peter Wells At the back of the room was a single iMac Pro to look at, but not to touch. Like the HomePod, this souped-up machine isn't due in stores until December. Apple said both are appearing at WWDC as 'sneak peaks', and they weren't lying. The rest of the room was set up to show off the new software capabilities of the new Macs and iPads, WWDC being a conference for developers after all. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Apple is making a push into VR with updates to macOS and new graphics chips in its iMacs. Photo: Peter Wells Banks of iMacs and MacBook Pros were connected to HTC Vive VR headsets, a first for Apple computers. The iMacs are capable of powering VR thanks to upgraded graphics cards inside, while the MacBooks require a Thunderbolt 3 external GPU. It's exciting to see Apple supporting external GPUs in their MacBook Pro line. Razer already sells laptops that can dock with an external GPU for better gaming performance, and while this is a niche use, having the ability to use a powerful desktop GPU with a laptop will be welcomed by graphic artists, video editors, and other creative professionals. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link MacBook Pro can handle VR too, with some help from an external graphics processor. Photo: Peter Wells If Apple is catching up to PCs when it comes to virtual reality, it's just leapfrogged over everyone in augmented reality. Rows of iPads were set up to show off ARkit, a set of tools coming with iOS 11 in September that will enable App developers to create incredible augmented reality experiences. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link ARkit makes immersive augmented reality apps possible on iOS. Photo: Peter Wells Pointing an iPad at an empty table would magically make a virtual chess board appear, or a virtual Lego kit, complete with animated Lego figurines admiring the structure. iPads could also place virtual furniture around the physical space, which might be handy for those redesigning their living room. These were flashy demonstrations designed to prove the possibilities of AR, but if Apple's AR toolkit for developers is as easy to implement as Apple suggests, iOS could quickly become the platform for augmented reality. The author travelled to California as a guest of Apple. Originally published on smh.com.au as 'Apple WWDC: Hands on with HomePod, iPad Pro and all the new Macs'. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Dying Is A Lot 'Happier' Than People ... Contains: External link Now You Can Walk The Songlines Of Uluru ... Contains: External link Most Popular The human bones that prove 'there was no Garden of Eden' New 27-inch iMac is brighter, faster, better Apple's Macs in need of a non-'Pro' shake-up Google's Uluru 'Story Sphere' gives new perspective on sacred site All the cool new features coming to your iPhone Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology The human bones that prove 'there was no Garden of Eden' All the cool new features coming to your iPhone Apple's Macs in need of a non-'Pro' shake-up New 27-inch iMac is brighter, faster, better Google's Uluru 'Story Sphere' gives new perspective on sacred site WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 43 mins S&P 500 2,431.51 -1.63 (-0.07%) Dow 30 21,192.36 +18.67 (+0.09%) Nasdaq 6,289.51 -7.87 (-0.12%) There's a new and improved 'dark mode' coming to your iPhone this fall Kif Leswing Business Insider June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple launched several new products and features for iPhones and Macs at its annual developers' summit on Monday, but one of the biggest improvements for many iPhone users was buried in the fine print. Apple has developed a new and improved dark skin for the iPhone, which it's calling "redesigned invert colors." redesigned invert colorsMore (Apple) This new setting will be available to most people in the fall, when Apple pushes the latest version of iOS to most people. !!! the new 'invert' feature is quite literally dark mode pic.twitter.com/H7iiFjeWJ6 — Owen Williams ⚡️ (@ow) June 5, 2017 But developers can install iOS 11 now, and they're discovering that "smart invert" is actually a pretty good dark mode — great for iPhone users who want to use their phone in bed or who simply prefer a darker design. It's not a full dark mode. Previously, Apple's invert colors feature was designed for people with accessibility issues, and one of the things it did was invert images — taking the colors you'd expect to see and totally warping them. This new and improved invert colors doesn't invert as many images as it did before, and Apple hasn't removed the old invert mode, in case someone relies on it. But "smart invert" seems to work very well with Apple's own apps. The iPhone already has "night shift," the feature that "warms" the colors on the display, eliminating the so-called blue light that can interfere with your sleep. Inverting the screen's colors to dark mode might not help you sleep better at night, but it's a nice way to make your phone glow less brightly in a dark room, so that using your phone at night is less disruptive to others. But before you install iOS 11, remember it's still beta software, possibly buggy, and smart invert is not being explicitly billed as a full-fledged dark mode at the moment.  But it's still something to check out if you try out the iOS 11 beta. It's in Settings>General>Accessibility>Display Accommodations>Invert Colors. More From Business Insider How lucrative Apple’s App Store has been for developers over the years One of the best iPhone games ever just got a surprise sequel — and it's out right now Apple just announced the latest version of its mobile operating system for iPhones and iPads – here's what's new Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about The Verge There’s good and bad news about one of Apple’s most exciting MacBook announcements BGR News What Apple's next iPhone could mean for Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile The Street Apple's new dark gray keyboard and mouse are beautiful, but you'll have to buy a $5,000 computer if you want them Business Insider LeBron James made the Cavs watch an inspirational Steve Jobs speech before their epic comeback in the 2016 NBA Finals Business Insider After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider This is why intel leaders wouldn't talk to the Senate today CNBC What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Trump Impeachment Process Set to Begin As Democrat Al Green Files Articles Stephen: The democrats are amusing. With all the problems facing the country, they want to spend their time chasing their tails. The left needs a dose of reality. 1. Trump is president 2. Trump will not be impeached 3. The election will not be done over If democrats continue on the path they are on, they will make history by being a minority party that actually loses seats in the mid-term elections. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5.3k
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 43 mins S&P 500 2,431.53 -1.61 (-0.07%) Dow 30 21,192.46 +18.77 (+0.09%) Nasdaq 6,289.51 -7.87 (-0.12%) Apple shows off new iMacs for the first time in almost two years Anita Balakrishnan CNBC June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple released a refreshed line of iMacs on Monday, marking the first update since October 2015. The whole line moved to the 7th generation Intel Core processors, said John Ternus, vice president of hardware engineering at Apple. The 21.5-inch iMac will have up to 32 GB of memory, and the 27-inch model will have 64 GB. The iMac Retina will include a 4K, 21.5-inch display. All new Macs will ship starting on Monday, the company said. Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s Worldwide Developers Conference was on Monday at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center in California. The conference gathers Apple developers and executives to reveal changes to platforms and operating systems, such as iOS or HomeKit. This is developing news. Please check back for updates. More From CNBC Apple just announced a medium-sized iPad Pro with the best display ever Apple launches peer-to-peer payments to take on Square, PayPal and Venmo Siri will get some different voices with Apple's new iOS 11 Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about The Verge There’s good and bad news about one of Apple’s most exciting MacBook announcements BGR News What Apple's next iPhone could mean for Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile The Street Apple's new dark gray keyboard and mouse are beautiful, but you'll have to buy a $5,000 computer if you want them Business Insider Apple finally made it easy to share WiFi passwords Business Insider After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider This is why intel leaders wouldn't talk to the Senate today CNBC NASA’s new Mars rover is completely insane BGR News What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Archaeologists unearth the oldest Homo sapiens ever discovered The Verge Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Trump Impeachment Process Set to Begin As Democrat Al Green Files Articles Stephen: The democrats are amusing. With all the problems facing the country, they want to spend their time chasing their tails. The left needs a dose of reality. 1. Trump is president 2. Trump will not be impeached 3. The election will not be done over If democrats continue on the path they are on, they will make history by being a minority party that actually loses seats in the mid-term elections. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5.3k
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL AFLW Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Eating Out Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Classifieds Tributes Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Jill Singer Jill Singer remembered as feisty and fearless journalist and broadcaster Thugs hunted Andrew Bolt calls for crackdown on free speech thugs Immune attack New hope in treatment of aggressive breast cancer Supreme Court Special treatment in court for our worst youth offenders Pay cheats More school cleaning companies facing allegations of underpaying staff Medical research Women’s network aims to improve children’s health in Victoria and worldwide Exclusive Plan for maximum-security federal prison for jihadis Injections program Former Essendon player’s concern: Jabs harmed my daughter Program dumped Muslim council advised to dump deradicalisation program Bourke St massacre Police Minister Lisa Neville says talking helped with personal toll of Bourke Street tragedy Eye test Centre for Eye Research Australia tests app to detect wet Age-Related Macular Degeneration Clampdown Security blitz for Brazil v Argentina MCG blockbuster Union snub United Firefighters Union commissions gender probe after snubbing independent review Terrifying attack Machete used in North Melbourne burglary Horror collision Truck driver charged over Parkville tram crash Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Odds.com.au Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor FlightLogger Real-time flight tracking for worry free travels. Apple Updates iPad Pro Lineup with New 10.5″ and 12.9″ Models By Alex Guyot Today at its WWDC Keynote event in San Jose, California, Apple announced two refreshed models in their iPad Pro lineup. While both new iPads sport the same set of hardware and design improvements, the most significant change is unique to the smaller iPad Pro model. The original line included a 12.9-inch and a 9.7-inch model, but today the 9.7-inch has been replaced by a larger 10.5-inch iPad. This change could mark the beginning of the end for the 9.7-inch screen size — a size which has remained constant in the iPad line since the introduction of the original iPad back in 2010. Design While the exterior design of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro remains the same, the bezels on the new 10.5-inch model have been reduced by 40% to accommodate the larger screen while keeping the overall exterior as compact as possible. To compare the new iPad Pro chassis with that of the 9.7-inch standard iPad (which did not receive an update today): the 10.5-inch Pro is 9.8 inches high by 6.8 inches wide while the iPad is 9.4 inches high by 6.6 inches wide. The iPad Pro does continue to trounce the iPad in thickness, however — coming in at 0.24 inches thin to the iPad's 0.29 inches. Interestingly, Apple managed to keep the weight of the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro down to only 1.03 pounds — the exact same weight of the current model 9.7-inch iPad. The 12.9-inch iPad Pro still weighs in at 1.49 pounds. Display The 12.9-inch iPad Pro maintains its 2732‑by‑2048 resolution Retina display. The new 10.5-inch model brings a brand new resolution to the game — 2224‑by‑1668 — nestling in between the 12.9-inch Pro and the 9.7-inch iPad's 2048‑by‑1536 display. The displays on all three of these iPads have the same 264 ppi density, which still falls short of the aging iPad Mini's 326 ppi display. For the first time the 12.9-inch iPad Pro has been updated with a display supporting Apple's True Tone technology for adjusting its white colors to match the lighting in the room where it is being used. The 10.5-inch model includes this as well, and both also support wide color gamut, ultralow reflectivity of only 1.8%, 600 nits brightness, and HDR video. The displays on both new iPad Pro models also include a brand new technology that Apple is calling "ProMotion." ProMotion displays deliver incredible 120Hz refresh rates — double the previous best for iPad displays. When using the Apple Pencil on a ProMotion display, Apple claims that they only have 20 milliseconds of latency. The new displays can also dynamically adjust their refresh rates depending on usage — saving battery life by dropping to only 24Hz for displaying still images, 48Hz for video content, etc. Performance and Battery Life The new iPad Pros are powered by Apple's brand new A10X Fusion chips. The A10X packs a six-core CPU — with three high-performance and three high-efficiency cores — and a twelve-core GPU. Altogether the A10X delivers 30% faster CPU performance over previous iPad Pro models, and 40% faster graphics. The battery life in both new iPad models remains the same "all-day" 10 hours, so customers who don't think that's enough will again not see improvement with this round. Cameras and Speakers Both iPad Pro models feature the same 12-megapixel cameras with optical image stabilization and 7-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras that are shipping in current iPhone 7 models. They also continue to use the same advanced 4-speaker system that debuted on the original iPad Pro — with no new improvements this year. Miscellany The new iPad Pros are the first iPad models to ship with Apple's second-generation Touch ID fingerprint sensors. This means that fingerprint authentication to the devices will be twice as fast — or the same speed that everyone is used to since this sensor has been shipping on iPhones since the 6S. The new 10.5-inch iPad Pro has been released alongside a new version of Apple's Smart Keyboard to match the size of the new chassis. Apple says this is a full-sized keyboard, and for the first time it comes in unique layouts for 30 different languages (the Smart Keyboard for the 12.9-inch iPad Pro has been updated to receive these new layouts as well). Apple has also released brand new leather sleeves for both sizes of iPad Pro. The sleeves come in several different colors and include a slot to store an Apple Pencil at the top. Standalone leather Apple Pencil cases have been released as well — available in the same set of colors. Wrap-Up The new iPads look like a great refresh of Apple's iPad Pro lineup. With impressive improvements in display technologies and expected increases in CPU and GPU performance, the new iPad Pros bring advancements in all the right places. The screen size adjustment for the 10.5-inch model shows that Apple is searching for a sweet spot between the spacious 12.9-inch and the somewhat crammed 9.7-inch displays of their previous iPad Pro offerings. Time will tell if they've pinned that down, or if they need to continue iterating on this aspect of their professional iPad hardware. While all of these hardware improvements are welcome and necessary, the greatest part of Apple's new iPads will be the software that they run. Thankfully, Apple devoted significant effort this year into upgrading iOS specifically for iPads. We'll cover these changes in detail in our iOS 11 overview later today, but be sure that the combination of new software and hardware has resulted in extremely exciting new prospects for iPads as a whole. Both of Apple's new iPad Pro models are available for purchase today, starting at $649 for the 10.5-inch model and $799 for the 12.9-inch model. Storage starts at 64GB on either model, and can be configured with up to 512GB. As usual, cellular models are available for an extra $130 on top of any storage and size configuration. You can also follow all of our WWDC coverage through our WWDC 2017 hub, or subscribe to the dedicated WWDC 2017 RSS feed. Tags: wwdc 2017 Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Alex Guyot Alex is a regular contributor to MacStories, and a computer science major at the University of Arizona. His interests also include soccer, web development, automation, youth ministry, and drinking great coffee. Twitter: @the_axx | Email: guyot@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor FlightLogger Real-time flight tracking for worry free travels. Apple Introduces HomePod, a Siri-Equipped Smart Speaker By Ryan Christoffel Apple is entering the smart speaker space, and it's doing that with a new product launching this December called HomePod. Introduced at the end of today's WWDC keynote, HomePod is a Siri-equipped smart speaker that specializes in music. Rather than solely competing with products like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, Apple is positioning HomePod as a hybrid product that does more. It contains many of the same capabilities of those assistant-equipped speakers, but adds one more thing: high quality audio. This makes it not only a competitor to the Echo and Home, but also to home audio systems like those offered by Sonos and Bose. This latter market is where Apple has so far focused its marketing, as reflected by the title of its introductory press release: "HomePod reinvents music in the home." Unsurprisingly, the HomePod is designed to work best with Apple Music. This support is highlighted by Siri's expanded knowledge in the domain of music. Users will be able to ask questions like, "Who's the drummer in this?" or "Who's singing?" There is more flexibility in Apple Music-related commands as well, allowing you to tell Siri, "Play something new" or "Add this to my workout playlist." In addition to the focus on Apple Music, Phil Schiller highlighted a number of other areas that Siri would be equipped to handle on the HomePod, as seen below. These include the obvious things like HomeKit device control and general knowledge inquiries, as well as fresh Siri domains like News. Hardware-wise, HomePod is powered by an A8 chip, a six-microphone array, seven beam-forming tweeters, and a 4-inch woofer. These combine to create a powerful audio mix meant to fill a room. A HomePod is spatially aware, meaning it can analyze the acoustics of a room and adjust sound based on its location in that room. It also includes new technology like Apple's AirPlay 2 protocol, which allows multi-speaker support that will enable multiple HomePod devices to wirelessly communicate with each other. As with products like the Amazon Echo, the HomePod's primary interface method is through voice. It does not contain a screen. But there are some basic options for touch input as well. By tapping the top of the HomePod, you can play, pause, or adjust the volume of whatever's playing. The top of the HomePod also lights up to display an LED waveform while you're talking to it, similar to the way Siri interactions animate on other Apple devices. When the HomePod is released this December, it will be available in both White and Space Grey finishes. It will launch first in the US, UK, and Australia, with more countries to follow in 2018. Apple has a short product video for its new product, available for viewing below. You can also follow all of our WWDC coverage through our WWDC 2017 hub, or subscribe to the dedicated WWDC 2017 RSS feed. Tags: homepod, wwdc 2017 Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Ryan Christoffel Ryan is a regular contributor to MacStories. He most commonly works and plays on his iPad Pro and bears no regrets about moving on from the Mac. He and his wife live in Texas, where he works for his church. Twitter: @iryantldr | Email: ryan@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor FlightLogger Real-time flight tracking for worry free travels. Amazon Prime Video Coming to Apple TV Later This Year By Ryan Christoffel Confirming prior rumors, Tim Cook announced today that Amazon Prime Video would be coming to the Apple TV later this year. The news was the first of six main announcements made by Apple at today's WWDC keynote. Cook included the detail that not only would Prime Video be available on Apple TV, but it will also integrate with Apple's TV app – welcome news for myself and all who use the TV app regularly. Prime Video arriving on Apple TV ends the last prominent holdout from a major streaming service on Apple's platform. And its integration with the TV app leaves Netflix as the single largest holdout that does not yet support the TV app. The introductory news about Amazon was the only Apple TV-specific announcement made today, which was a disappointment as it was widely expected that Apple would introduce the next major version of tvOS alongside revisions to its other software platforms. Cook did note that we should expect to hear more about developments with tvOS later this year, indicating that a major update may be forthcoming, but simply wasn't ready in time to show at WWDC. You can also follow all of our WWDC coverage through our WWDC 2017 hub, or subscribe to the dedicated WWDC 2017 RSS feed. Tags: apple tv, wwdc 2017 Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Ryan Christoffel Ryan is a regular contributor to MacStories. He most commonly works and plays on his iPad Pro and bears no regrets about moving on from the Mac. He and his wife live in Texas, where he works for his church. Twitter: @iryantldr | Email: ryan@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com TV Tech Global CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net eSports Pro MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People People Harmonic Hires New CFO By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 07, 2017 TV Awards Shows CMT Expands 'Music Awards' Into Three-Day Party By Jon Lafayette, Broadcasting & Cable Jun 07, 2017 Social Media Survey Says: POTUS Should Tweet Less By John Eggerton Jun 07, 2017 Ratings Fox News Tops Cable’s Weekly Primetime Race By R. Thomas Umstead Jun 06, 2017 Startup Run By Former Comcast Execs Raises $2M By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 06, 2017 PwC: As Overall TV Revenue Declines, Cable, Internet Video to Show Gains By Mike Farrell Jun 06, 2017 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community MCN Guest Blog High Dynamic Range Content Needs High Levels of Security By Mark Nakano (NexGuard) and Ron Wheeler (20th Century Fox) MCN Guest Blog The Surprisingly Narrow Title II Decision By Hank Hultquist, AT&T The Bauminator Netflix to Hit 128M Subs by 2022: Forecast By Jeff Baumgartner Picture This What Investigation Discovery Wants You to Know About 'Bill Cosby: An American Scandal' By R. Thomas Umstead MCN Online Extra | June 5, 2017 By MCN Staff AT&T Goes for ‘Good Enough’ By Mike Farrell Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week VIDWeek Jun 12, 2017 The Programmatic Summit Jun 12, 2017 Next TV Summit Spring Jun 15, 2017 Next Wave Of Leaders Jun 16, 2017 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- June 5, 2017 Jun 05, 2017 Freeze Frame -- May 22, 2017 May 22, 2017 Freeze Frame -- May 15, 2017 May 15, 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 17, 2017 Apr 17, 2017 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Stocks/Earnings SeaChange Pushes Back Restructuring Wrap Up By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 07, 2017 FCC NLPC: Title II Docket Includes Tons of Foreign Filings By John Eggerton Jun 07, 2017 People Harmonic Hires New CFO By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 07, 2017 Next TV Verizon Testing ‘Advanced TV Features’ for Fios By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 07, 2017 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Jun 05 2017 Next TV Apple TV Opens Door to Amazon Prime Video Will support Amazon’s OTT video service on Apple TV boxes 6/05/2017 1:28 PM Eastern Last updated at 6/05/2017 3:53 PM By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Apple CEO Tim Cook confirmed Monday at the company’s Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose that Apple TV, its TV-connected streaming platform, will open access to Amazon Prime Video later this year. Reports emerged earlier this year that Apple and Amazon were closing in on a deal that would bring Amazon Prime Video to the Apple TV without using a kluge AirPlay setup, and complement support for Amazon Prime Video’s app on Apple iPhones and iPads. A sticking point has been the fact that Apple TV competes with Amazon’s Fire TV boxes and Fire TV streaming sticks. That competitive angst was clear in the fall of 2015, when Amazon stopped selling the Apple TV and Google Chromecast adapter to instead focus on platforms that “interact well” with Amazon’s own streaming service. RELATED: Amazon to Halt Sales of Apple TV, Chromecast Devices Cook also announced that the TV App for Apple TV, iPhone and iPad, which serves as a unified hub for separate apps that offer an array of movies and TV shows for streaming, now has 50 content partners integrated. Amazon will also be supported by the Apple TV App, Cook said, noting that Amazon Prime Video “provides a wealth of great content.” Cook also hinted that Apple will announce “a lot more about tvOS later this year.” Apple, which used WWDC to introduce macOS High Sierra, also announced it is building software encoding and hardware acceleration for HEVC/H.265 in its newest Macs. Craig Federighi, Apple’s SVP of software engineering, noted that support for the bandwidth-saving codec is coming as the streaming video world continues to move from HD to 4K and High Dynamic Range (HDR). Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! Tags:   Apple TV,   OTT,   SVOD,   Amazon Prime Video Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: Richard Drew Joins Scott Brothers Entertainment As VP Development Vh1’s Final Season Of “T.I. & Tiny: The Family Hustle” Delivers Highest Rated Season Since 2013 Tv One’s Rickey Smiley For Real Returns For A Fourth Season, Tuesday, June 13 At 8 P.M. ET SMPTE Publishes Key Reports on Time Code Standard SIGGRAPH 2017 VR Village to Host Highly Diverse Array of VR/AR Projects from Around the World Nuance Dragon Drive Expands Multi-Passenger Automotive Assistant with AI and Interoperability Harmonic and EVS Ink OEM Agreement, Setting New Standard for High-Performance Nearline Storage Calix Innovating at Unprecedented Pace – Leverages AXOS to Deliver Cable Industry’s First SDA based 10G EPON Systems in 120 Days Lee Haskins defends IBF Bantamweight title against undefeated Ryan Burnett on Saturday, June 10th, LIVE on AWE ALTICLOUD-UI AWARDED HIGH HONORS BY KOREAN GOVERNMENT Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → Senate Dems Seek FBI Probe of FCC DDoS Attack Former Cox Exec Joe Rooney Joins Layer3 TV Comcast Lights Up DOCSIS 3.1 in More Markets PlayOn Connects With DirecTV Now Comcast Leads $37.5M Investment in Plume Related Stories SeaChange Pushes Back Restructuring Wrap Up Jeff Baumgartner - 6/07/2017 10:43:00 AM America/New_York Multiscreen video specialist SeaChange International Epix Takes TV For a Ride Jeff Baumgartner - 6/07/2017 08:00:00 AM America/New_York Add the connected car to the batch of platforms being DirecTV Now Debuts First National Ad Jeff Baumgartner - 6/06/2017 12:31:00 PM America/New_York DirecTV Now, AT&T’s OTT TV service, said it has Subscribe Now Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- June 5, 2017 Freeze Frame -- May 22, 2017 Freeze Frame -- May 15, 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 17, 2017 Freeze Frame | April 10, 2017 2017 T. Howard Fundraising Dinner Advanced Advertising Summit 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 3, 2017 See All → Harmonic Hires New CFO Verizon Testing ‘Advanced TV Features’ for Fios Gray Names Four New General Managers NLPC: Title II Docket Includes Tons of Foreign Filings Lester Holt: Name-Calling From Those in Power Won’t Stop Us  Introducing Apple's New Smart Speaker AIMS Releases White Paper on IP Transition NABEF Taps FedEx for Corporate Leadership Award VPR’s Marshall Plans Semi-Retirement The Sunsetting of FM Continues Apace in Norway 'From Dock to Dish' Showcases Canon C200's Capabilities 'Anthemic and Melancholy:' Developing Arcade Fire's Dystopian Short Film Bridging the Streaming Video Storage Gap Color Theory: Building Your Palette Sony Announces Development of Next-Generation CineAlta Motion Picture Camera System 25 More Things to Know About ATSC 3.0 FCC Sets Comment Deadlines for Main Studio Rule NPRM Enensys Finalizes Acquisition of TeamCast NAB Show Product Review: Storage, Recording & Cloud EVS and Harmonic Team on XStore Storage System News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Marketing Services Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com TV Tech Global CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net eSports Pro MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People TV Awards Shows CMT Expands 'Music Awards' Into Three-Day Party By Jon Lafayette, Broadcasting & Cable Jun 07, 2017 Social Media Survey Says: POTUS Should Tweet Less By John Eggerton Jun 07, 2017 Ratings Fox News Tops Cable’s Weekly Primetime Race By R. Thomas Umstead Jun 06, 2017 Finance Startup Run By Former Comcast Execs Raises $2M By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 06, 2017 PwC: As Overall TV Revenue Declines, Cable, Internet Video to Show Gains By Mike Farrell Jun 06, 2017 Patent Office Director Michelle Lee Resigns By John Eggerton Jun 06, 2017 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community MCN Guest Blog High Dynamic Range Content Needs High Levels of Security By Mark Nakano (NexGuard) and Ron Wheeler (20th Century Fox) MCN Guest Blog The Surprisingly Narrow Title II Decision By Hank Hultquist, AT&T The Bauminator Netflix to Hit 128M Subs by 2022: Forecast By Jeff Baumgartner Picture This What Investigation Discovery Wants You to Know About 'Bill Cosby: An American Scandal' By R. Thomas Umstead MCN Online Extra | June 5, 2017 By MCN Staff AT&T Goes for ‘Good Enough’ By Mike Farrell Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week VIDWeek Jun 12, 2017 The Programmatic Summit Jun 12, 2017 Next TV Summit Spring Jun 15, 2017 Next Wave Of Leaders Jun 16, 2017 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- June 5, 2017 Jun 05, 2017 Freeze Frame -- May 22, 2017 May 22, 2017 Freeze Frame -- May 15, 2017 May 15, 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 17, 2017 Apr 17, 2017 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Stocks/Earnings SeaChange Pushes Back Restructuring Wrap Up By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 07, 2017 FCC NLPC: Title II Docket Includes Tons of Foreign Filings By John Eggerton Jun 07, 2017 People Harmonic Hires New CFO By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 07, 2017 Next TV Verizon Testing ‘Advanced TV Features’ for Fios By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 07, 2017 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Jun 05 2017 Virtual Reality Apple Gears Up for VR, AR Also introduces ‘HomePod’ speakers 6/05/2017 3:57 PM Eastern By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Amid the slew of announcements Apple made Monday at its Worldwide Developers Conference, the CE giant announced bigger plays into emerging sectors that included augmented reality, virtual reality and the smart home. On the VR front, a new line of iMacs will have enough pop to support virtual reality services and applications. That optimized VR software for the new macOS, called High Sierra (set to ship this fall following a beta period), will work with the Valve, Unity and Unreal engines. RELATED: Apple TV Opens Door to Amazon Prime Video Looking to take augmented reality to the next level, Apple introduced a new core technology called ARKit that will use the capabilities of the iPhone to identify surfaces such as a table and to let users add an object such as a lamp, coffee cup or vase. RELATED: Facebook Dives Deeper Into AR The ARKit, to be supported in iOS 11, to be released this fall, uses the phone’s sensors and cameras to find those surfaces and to estimate ambient lighting. Hundreds of millions of iPhones and iPads will be capable of using ARKit, making it “the largest AR platform in the world,” Craig Federighi, Apple’s SVP of software engineering, claimed, seemingly taking aim at Tango, Google’s AR platform for certain Android devices. Wingnut AR, Peter Jackson’s new production company dedicated to augmented reality, was on hand to demo a real-time battle game/experience that will be offered in the Apple App Store later this year. In the smart home arena, Apple will be looking to grapple with products such as Google Home and Amazon Echo with the launch later this year of the HomePod, a high-end, connected home speaker that will sell for $349. HomePod, at less than seven inches tall, is covered in a 3D mesh fabric that hides a seven-array beamforming tweeter pack, a four-inch woofer and is controlled by the A8, the same chip used in the iPhone. In addition to working with Apple Music, HomePod also has a six-microphone array that works with Siri, and is made to work with HomeKit devices. HomePod, available in white and space gray, will start shipping this December in the U.S., U.K., and Australia, then follow to other parts of the globe. Apple also trotted out a new line of the iPad Pro, the higher-end, business-class version of its tablet platform, supporting a full-screen keyboard and 30-plus languages, as well as HDR video. A new feature called “ProMotion” will double the max refresh rate to 120Hz, enabling smoother and more response to video and other content. A 10.5-inch version starts at $649, while the 12.9-inch model starts at $799. Both will start shipping next week and will support iOS 11 when the new operating system is released this fall. Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! Tags:   Apple,   Virtual Reality,   VR,   augmented reality,   AR,   HomePod,   smart home Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: Richard Drew Joins Scott Brothers Entertainment As VP Development Vh1’s Final Season Of “T.I. & Tiny: The Family Hustle” Delivers Highest Rated Season Since 2013 Tv One’s Rickey Smiley For Real Returns For A Fourth Season, Tuesday, June 13 At 8 P.M. ET SMPTE Publishes Key Reports on Time Code Standard SIGGRAPH 2017 VR Village to Host Highly Diverse Array of VR/AR Projects from Around the World Nuance Dragon Drive Expands Multi-Passenger Automotive Assistant with AI and Interoperability Harmonic and EVS Ink OEM Agreement, Setting New Standard for High-Performance Nearline Storage Calix Innovating at Unprecedented Pace – Leverages AXOS to Deliver Cable Industry’s First SDA based 10G EPON Systems in 120 Days Lee Haskins defends IBF Bantamweight title against undefeated Ryan Burnett on Saturday, June 10th, LIVE on AWE ALTICLOUD-UI AWARDED HIGH HONORS BY KOREAN GOVERNMENT Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → Senate Dems Seek FBI Probe of FCC DDoS Attack Former Cox Exec Joe Rooney Joins Layer3 TV Comcast Lights Up DOCSIS 3.1 in More Markets PlayOn Connects With DirecTV Now Comcast Leads $37.5M Investment in Plume Related Stories Fox Sports Tees Up Tech for U.S. Open Coverage Jeff Baumgartner - 6/06/2017 09:35:00 AM America/New_York Fox Sports said it will pull some advanced tech from Taking the Search Out of Discovery, Rheo Is Serving Up Curated TV Kent Gibbons - 6/05/2017 08:00:00 AM America/New_York Rheo, a new app serving up shareable, curated short Fox Sports to Offer UEFA Champions League Final in VR Jeff Baumgartner - 5/30/2017 05:46:00 PM America/New_York Fox Sports said it will offer the UEFA Champions League Subscribe Now Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- June 5, 2017 Freeze Frame -- May 22, 2017 Freeze Frame -- May 15, 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 17, 2017 Freeze Frame | April 10, 2017 2017 T. Howard Fundraising Dinner Advanced Advertising Summit 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 3, 2017 See All → Harmonic Hires New CFO Verizon Testing ‘Advanced TV Features’ for Fios Gray Names Four New General Managers NLPC: Title II Docket Includes Tons of Foreign Filings Lester Holt: Name-Calling From Those in Power Won’t Stop Us  Introducing Apple's New Smart Speaker AIMS Releases White Paper on IP Transition NABEF Taps FedEx for Corporate Leadership Award VPR’s Marshall Plans Semi-Retirement The Sunsetting of FM Continues Apace in Norway 'From Dock to Dish' Showcases Canon C200's Capabilities 'Anthemic and Melancholy:' Developing Arcade Fire's Dystopian Short Film Bridging the Streaming Video Storage Gap Color Theory: Building Your Palette Sony Announces Development of Next-Generation CineAlta Motion Picture Camera System 25 More Things to Know About ATSC 3.0 FCC Sets Comment Deadlines for Main Studio Rule NPRM Enensys Finalizes Acquisition of TeamCast NAB Show Product Review: Storage, Recording & Cloud EVS and Harmonic Team on XStore Storage System News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Marketing Services Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Our Properties: Gamasutra GameCareerGuide IndieGames GDC Vault GDC IGF SEARCH GO GAME JOBS updates Blogs contractors newsletter store SEARCH GO ALL CONSOLE/PC SMARTPHONE/TABLET INDEPENDENT VR/AR SOCIAL/ONLINE         PROGRAMMING ART AUDIO DESIGN PRODUCTION BIZ/MARKETING Latest Jobs View All     RSS June 8, 2017 Square Enix Co., Ltd. Experienced Game Developer Naughty Dog Technical Environment Artist Naughty Dog Visual Effects Artist Naughty Dog UI Designer / Scripter Naughty Dog DevOps Systems Engineer Naughty Dog Web Developer Latest Blogs View All     Post     RSS June 8, 2017 Serious Games vs. Gamification [1] How Prey succeeds in giving players space to tell their own stories [1] Little Machines Working Together (part 2) Apple and Facebook to drive mobile AR over 1B users and $60B by 2021 Variation for the video game composer: the music of Little Lords of Twilight Press Releases June 8, 2017 Games Press TIME OF VIRTUAL REALITY’S CO-OP ACTION TOWER... THRUSTMASTER® to take part in E3 2017 with... Experience the Grim and Emotional Indie Puzzle... Middle-earth™: Shadow of War™ NEW... ArcheAge Welcomes New and Returning Players to... View All     RSS About Editor-In-Chief: Kris Graft Senior Contributing Editor: Brandon Sheffield News Editors: Alex Wawro Advertising/Recruitment/Education: Courtney Blair Contact Gamasutra Report a Problem Submit News Comment Guidelines Blogging Guidelines How We Work Gama Network If you enjoy reading this site, you might also want to check out these UBM Tech sites: Game Career Guide Indie Games Apple ups VR developer support with Metal 2, Steam VR SDK, and more June 5, 2017 | By Alissa McAloon June 5, 2017 | By Alissa McAloon     Post A Comment More: VR, Console/PC Apple shared a number of announcements from the stage of its Worldwide Developers Conference keynote earlier today, many of which centered around expanding both virtual reality and VR development to Mac hardware. Chief among those announcements is an update to its Metal graphics tech that is set to ship alongside its upcoming MacOS update, High Sierra. Apple notes that the updated API, dubbed Metal 2, is set to run 10 times faster than its predecessor and will additionally support external graphics units. And with an external GPU in tow, many Mac computers will then have the power needed to join the world of virtual reality-enabled devices. This is, in no small part, thanks to the next bit of news shared by Apple: Metal 2's support for VR tech. Metal 2 brings with it support for Valve’s Steam VR SDK as well as support for VR development through both Unreal and Unity, essentially opening up VR to both Mac-owning developers and players all at once. There’s no word yet on how much a dev kit for Metal 2 will set developers back, but Apple has announced that those kits, which come with an external AMD GPU, will be available at some point later today. Related Jobs Square Enix Co., Ltd. — Tokyo, Japan [06.07.17] Experienced Game Developer Naughty Dog — Santa Monica, California, United States [06.07.17] Technical Environment Artist Naughty Dog — Santa Monica, California, United States [06.07.17] Visual Effects Artist Naughty Dog — Santa Monica, California, United States [06.07.17] UI Designer / Scripter [View All Jobs] Top Stories StarCraft Remastered dev analyzes the enduring appeal of StarCraft Layering challenges in Klei's survival sim Oxygen Not Included 'Top grossing' category noticeably absent from Apple's App Store redesign Blog: Using 'engines of play' to understand player motivation [Next News Story]    [View All] 299377 newswire /view/news/299377/Apple_ups_VR_developer_support_with_Metal_2_Steam_VR_SDK_and_more.php Loading Comments TECHNOLOGY GROUP Black Hat Content Marketing Institute Content Marketing World Dark Reading Enterprise Connect Fusion GDC Gamasutra HDI ICMI InformationWeek Interop ITX Network Computing No Jitter VRDC COMMUNITIES SERVED Content Marketing Enterprise IT Enterprise Communications Game Development Information Security IT Services & Support WORKING WITH US Advertising Contacts Event Calendar Tech Marketing Solutions Contact Us Licensing Terms of Service Privacy Statement Legal Entities Copyright © 2017 UBM, All rights reserved
Our Properties: Gamasutra GameCareerGuide IndieGames GDC Vault GDC IGF SEARCH GO GAME JOBS updates Blogs contractors newsletter store SEARCH GO ALL CONSOLE/PC SMARTPHONE/TABLET INDEPENDENT VR/AR SOCIAL/ONLINE         PROGRAMMING ART AUDIO DESIGN PRODUCTION BIZ/MARKETING Latest Jobs View All     RSS June 8, 2017 Disruptor Beam Mobile Marketing Associate Disruptor Beam Senior Data Analyst Square Enix Co., Ltd. Experienced Game Developer Naughty Dog Technical Environment Artist Naughty Dog Visual Effects Artist Naughty Dog UI Designer / Scripter Latest Blogs View All     Post     RSS June 8, 2017 Serious Games vs. Gamification [1] How Prey succeeds in giving players space to tell their own stories [1] Little Machines Working Together (part 2) Apple and Facebook to drive mobile AR over 1B users and $60B by 2021 Variation for the video game composer: the music of Little Lords of Twilight Press Releases June 8, 2017 Games Press TIME OF VIRTUAL REALITY’S CO-OP ACTION TOWER... THRUSTMASTER® to take part in E3 2017 with... Experience the Grim and Emotional Indie Puzzle... Middle-earth™: Shadow of War™ NEW... ArcheAge Welcomes New and Returning Players to... View All     RSS About Editor-In-Chief: Kris Graft Senior Contributing Editor: Brandon Sheffield News Editors: Alex Wawro Advertising/Recruitment/Education: Courtney Blair Contact Gamasutra Report a Problem Submit News Comment Guidelines Blogging Guidelines How We Work Gama Network If you enjoy reading this site, you might also want to check out these UBM Tech sites: Game Career Guide Indie Games Apple inches closer to making 32-bit apps disappear from iOS June 5, 2017 | By Alex Wawro June 5, 2017 | By Alex Wawro     2 comments More: Smartphone/Tablet, Business/Marketing Heads up, mobile game devs: over the weekend, 32-bit apps were temporarily scrubbed from Apple's App Store and rendered all but invisible unless you had a direct link to download them. It's another step in Apple's long-running effort to excise 32-bit apps from its marketplace, one that's especially meaningful if you have a 32-bit mobile game on the App Store (TouchArcade noted yesterday that games like Ridiculous Fishing and Super Crate Box were among the apps that disappeared.) While it appears the apps have since been restored and can once again be found via browsing and searching the App Store, the threat remains. Apple has of course required all app submissions to be 64-bit since 2015, and has been foreshadowing a big 32-bit delisting for some time.  Last fall the company spent months working to remove abandoned and/or outdated apps from its storefront, and in April it pushed an update to iOS devices that included a pop-up message warning customers that their 32-bit apps might soon be rendered incompatible. Related Jobs Disruptor Beam — FRAMINGHAM, Massachusetts, United States [06.08.17] Mobile Marketing Associate Disruptor Beam — FRAMINGHAM, Massachusetts, United States [06.08.17] Senior Data Analyst Square Enix Co., Ltd. — Tokyo, Japan [06.07.17] Experienced Game Developer Naughty Dog — Santa Monica, California, United States [06.07.17] Technical Environment Artist [View All Jobs] Top Stories StarCraft Remastered dev analyzes the enduring appeal of StarCraft Layering challenges in Klei's survival sim Oxygen Not Included 'Top grossing' category noticeably absent from Apple's App Store redesign Blog: Using 'engines of play' to understand player motivation [Next News Story]    [View All] 299388 newswire /view/news/299388/Apple_inches_closer_to_making_32bit_apps_disappear_from_iOS.php Loading Comments TECHNOLOGY GROUP Black Hat Content Marketing Institute Content Marketing World Dark Reading Enterprise Connect Fusion GDC Gamasutra HDI ICMI InformationWeek Interop ITX Network Computing No Jitter VRDC COMMUNITIES SERVED Content Marketing Enterprise IT Enterprise Communications Game Development Information Security IT Services & Support WORKING WITH US Advertising Contacts Event Calendar Tech Marketing Solutions Contact Us Licensing Terms of Service Privacy Statement Legal Entities Copyright © 2017 UBM, All rights reserved
News News Home Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Military Special Reports Maps & Data Sports Sports Home UConn High School Local Colleges Professional Game Day Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Podcasts Arts & Entertainment A & E Home Movies & TV Arts & Music Food & Drink Events & Exhibits Lifestyle Games & Puzzles Dear Abby Horoscopes Photos & Videos Photos & Videos Home GameDay Videos Photo Galleries Live Lunch Obituaries FAQs Contact Us Go! Marketplace Classifieds Jobs FindMyHomeCT Wheels Coupons Contests Magazines Bookstore Business Directory DayExtra Home Food & Drink Culture Lifestyle Hola Visitors Guide Services Membership My Account Subscribe Passport Rewards Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives E-Paper Advertising D2 Media Solutions D2 Home Website Development Social Media Marketing Search Engine Optimization Marketing & Branding Day Direct Commercial Printing MENU   CONTACT US Register Login Go! Business   Business Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close These are the six big things Apple is announced today Published June 05. 2017 9:03PM  By Hayley Tsukayama, The Washington Post SAN JOSE, Calif. - Chief executive Tim Cook said that Apple had six big announcements Monday at its annual developers conference. Cook promised updates to each of Apple's operating systems - for the Apple TV, the Apple Watch, mobile devices and computers - plus some additional announcements that he promises will be "major." Here's what we found out about each of them: 1) Apple's home hub is here. The HomePod is Apple's smart speaker - the answer to Google Home and Amazon's Echo line. The speaker will respond to voice commands using Apple's voice assistant, Siri, and is closely integrated with Apple's Music services. The speaker will also be able to sense the size of the room using acoustics. It will also work with Apple services such as Messages and its smart home appliance platform, HomeKit. And just like its competitors, the HomePod will provide information on news, general knowledge, weather and sports scores. While its features appear very similar to what's available on the Echo or Google Home, Apple said that its distinguishing feature is sound quality. The HomePod is designed with privacy in mind, said Phil Schiller, Apple's head of worldwide marketing. All communications are encrypted. The HomePod will cost $349 - more expensive than Google's and Amazon's smart speakers - and will start shipping in December. 2) Amazon is coming to Apple TV. It's a been a long road for Apple TV customers who like to watch Amazon Video. A feud between the two companies has kept Amazon's library off the Apple set-top box. But the firms appear to have buried the hatchet a little. That's good for consumers, who have been caught in the middle of a battle between two titans that has made the streaming world needlessly complicated. (Amazon chief executive Jeffrey Bezos is the owner of The Washington Post.) 3) Apple Watch is getting an update. Siri is getting smarter on the Apple Watch, with a new watch face that uses the assistant to set up a feed of your day on your wrist. The watch face, which seems like a mash-up between Google Now and your Facebook feed, will show you photos of old memories from previous years and make recommendations. For example, if you're close to hitting your activity goals for the day, the watch face will tell you exactly what you need to do to achieve your goals. The workout app is also getting an update, with features that give users more automatic measurements and track multiple workouts in a single session. Apple Music is also going to be more closely integrated with the watch, with automatic syncing for playlists. The developer preview is open now and will roll out to all customers this fall. 4) Apple's reveals new Mac operating system - High Sierra - and Macs get a refresh. Apple's next operating system is called High Sierra and will be a free update to the current Sierra system. Mac lineup: Apple also announced a slew of updates to the Mac lineup, which has been overdue for an update. The new desktops now have higher memory capacity and stronger graphics performance. The 21.5-inch iMac starts at $1,099; a 21.5-inch, 4K-capable iMac Retina will cost $1,299; and a 25-inch iMac Retina 5K goes for $1,799. Notebooks: Apple said it's refreshing its notebooks, with the MacBook and MacBook Pro moving to faster processors and faster solid-state hard drives. The 15" MacBook Pro is also getting faster graphics. Apple is also cutting the basic price for the MacBook's 13-inch model by $300. All are shipping now. Desktop: Apple also announced a new iMac Pro, which will cost $4,999 and will be available in December. Apple is clearly trying to position its desktop and laptop computers to appeal more to creative professionals, including game developers. Apple officials talked a lot about support for virtual reality, something it hasn't spoken that much about before. 5) iOS 11 gets some redesigns. Control center: Apple is revamping the control center on iOS - the panel that pops up to let you control volume, brightness, etc. - by enlarging it and spacing out some of the functions. Apple Pay: The company also introduced a person-to-person payment feature to Apple Pay. For example, a message that says "You owe me $20" will automatically pull up a suggestion to tap into Apple Pay, which will suggest $20 as your basic payment. Voice assistant: Siri will speak (a little) more naturally in female and male voices and use some sort of machine learning to suggest apps that you may want to use. GPS: Maps has a couple of updates, including indoor maps for places such as shopping malls - a cultural icon that's apparently dying, but, hey, at least it's a start. The Maps app will now display the speed limit of the road you're driving on and let you know what lane you should be in. Using Bluetooth and WiFi, it will also be able to track when you're moving in a car and give you the option to turn on a "do not disturb" mode while driving. Those who send you a message will now see an automatic reply that you're driving, and you will see their message later. If they reply "urgent" to that message, that message will be marked as such and go through. App Store: The store is getting a makeover, too, with tabs for games, apps that are notable that day, and a tab just for nongaming apps. AR: Apple is also bringing more machine learning and augmented reality capabilities to the iPhone, which will help developers create apps with these features. In a keynote demo, Craig Federighi, Apple's senior vice president of software engineering, placed a digital cup, vase and lamp on a table and showed how the objects' shadows were able to interact with each other. A representative from Wingnut AR, a studio owned by "Lord of the Rings" director Peter Jackson, demoed a more elaborate AR battle onstage. These new capabilities, Federighi said, make iOS the largest AR platform in the world. 6) New iPad Pro models and new productivity features Apple has updated its iPad Pro line, upping the basic screen size of the higher-end tablet to 10.5 inches, rather than the 9.7-inch screen that has been the basic iPad's screen size since it was introduced. The 10.5-inch model will start at $649, with the bigger 12.9-inch model starting at $799. Apple is also doubling the storage space on these models, and the larger model will have a version with 512 GB of storage. Users will be able to order the tablets now; they ship next week. The iPad Pro also gains some productivity features for iOS 11, which more closely mimics the Mac. Users will be able to easily multitask, drag and drop images between apps and put far more Mac-like features at users' fingertips. Apple has also bumped up the features on the Pencil stylus, and the iPad Pro should now be able to read your handwriting. ---     Previous Article Next Article Loading comment count... Commenting is closed. Comment threads are monitored for 48 hours after publication and then closed. READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Ledyard man arrested in drug task force investigation 2 Naked man leads police, fire personnel on chase through New London 3 Hot Rod Cafe in New London dazzles on many fronts 4 Millstone bill passes Senate but fizzles out in House 5 Williams School graduates a 'model for future classes' 6 Ledge Light addressing rat infestation in Pawcatuck neighborhood 7 Lancers never saw this one coming, as they advance to boys' lacrosse final 8 Waterford senior has transformed into college-ready graduate 9 Tribes' third-casino bill, 'sweetener' package headed for governor's desk 10 Region gets $900,000 Innovation Place boost MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Highlights: Waterford 13, St. Joseph 3 2 Fitch baseball's improbable run ends in semis 3 Long wait times at the DMV, a suggestion for legalized recreational marijuana in Connecticut 4 Aaron Torres of Fox Sports: Markelle Fultz vs. Lonzo Ball, and what’s wrong with UConn? 5 Full game: East Lyme 16, Stonington 5 in ECC lacrosse final MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Sprague first selectwoman on town employees: Almost everyone is related 32 2 Groton Town Council approves 8.7 percent tax rate increase 24 3 Amazon offers Prime discount to those on government benefits 19 4 Accused leaker shared harsh opinions on Trump before arrest 18 5 Naked man leads police, fire personnel on chase through New London 17 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Today’s Ads Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why Apple Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About The iPhone 8 might be delayed. So what if it is? Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Jun 5, 2017 at 9:07PM The iPhone is, by far, the most important product Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) produces. Last year, the smartphone generated 63% of net sales in fiscal 2016, and it was largely responsible for driving Apple's services revenue higher as well. So reports that the next iPhone -- expected to be called the iPhone 8 -- might be delayed understandably worries some investors. Adding flames to the fire is that Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) is seeking a preliminary injunction against Apple's suppliers as it pursues unpaid royalties in an ongoing legal battle against Apple and Apple's suppliers. If enforced, that could cause delays in the launch of the next iPhone, as well as supply shortages of Apple's current product lineup. At the very least, it will force Apple's hand to settle quickly with Qualcomm. As an Apple investor, I'm not worried. Shareholders shouldn't fret over the potential for an iPhone 8 delay. Image source: Apple Would you mind waiting an extra week or two for your new iPhone? Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty recently visited Apple suppliers in China and determined there's "limited risk of a significantly delayed launch." Meanwhile, other top analysts said they expect a delay of several weeks. A delay of a few weeks could result in a significant earnings miss for Apple in the fourth and first quarters, as the newest iPhone won't be on sale for as many weeks as the previous year. As long as Apple can get the device ramped-up before people start their holiday shopping in November, however, it should be fine. Sales of the iPhone 8 should eventually come in as expected, though perhaps shifting sales to fiscal 2018 quarter two.  Of course, a delay is not without risk. Competitors such as Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Huawei, or Google could release a phone that attracts a lot of attention from customers. Those could reduce the number of consumers switching from Android to iPhone while increasing the number abandoning Apple. But iPhone users are fiercely brand loyal, so the likelihood is low, especially if the delay is just a few weeks and Apple promises features worth waiting for. Why the iPhone 8 could be worth waiting for Nobody except Apple employees knows for sure what exactly Apple has planned for the iPhone 8. Rumors indicate that Apple is planning to embed the TouchID sensor in the display, allowing Apple to remove the home button and make the entire front side of the phone a display. It's also expected to release a model using an OLED screen instead of LCD, which would make it thinner and help the battery last longer. Most interesting is the rumor that the iPhone 8's front camera will include 3D-sensing capabilities, which could enable facial and iris recognition and assist in augmented-reality applications. Again, these are all rumors, but they represent a significant upgrade from the last iPhone model, which was relatively underwhelming. Assuming Apple is still able to announce all of these features in its typical September event, it should draw enough attention and anticipation that consumers will hold off on their next smartphone purchase until it's available. Many are delaying their purchases already -- what's a few more weeks? Qualcomm is nothing to worry about Apple's issue with Qualcomm is that it charges a royalty rate for its chips based on the value of the device. Since Apple makes high-end devices with premium prices, it has to pay more for the same technology as manufacturers selling $400 smartphones, for example. Qualcomm says Apple has instructed its suppliers to stop making royalty payments until a court determines a fair price for its patents. Apple isn't the only one that has a problem with Qualcomm's pricing. The FTC and Samsung are suing as well. That's left Qualcomm mostly playing defense. Qualcomm's also tried to ban imports of the iPhone to the United States, to which Apple CEO Tim Cook responded, "There's plenty of case law around that subject. But we shall see." The supplier injunction will face similar difficulties in getting approved, as Apple has practically limitless funds to continue its legal case against Qualcomm. Many analysts and investors are concerned over the potential delay of the iPhone 8, and Qualcomm's actions could add to its problems. But long-term investors shouldn't worry about near-term delays. Apple is still a dominant phone manufacturer, and that gives it a lot of power it can yield over suppliers and licensors. Adam Levy owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He consumes copious cups of coffee, and he loves alliteration. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinals mania ... Follow @admlvy Article Info Jun 5, 2017 at 9:07PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $154.91 down $0.46 (-0.30%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $57.85 up $0.32 (0.56%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $2,000.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Will Apple's Second Bet on High-Fidelity Audio Pay Off? What You Need to Know About Apple Inc.'s Artificial-Intelligence Chip Apple's New HomePod vs. Amazon's Echo 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Apple Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM, $SSNLF
hypebot digital music and the music business Home D.I.Y. Music Tech Social Media Music Biz More News MusicThinkTank Never Miss A Beat! Stay Connected With Hypebot.com « Concord Bicycle Music Acquires Imagem To Create 6th Largest Music Publisher Globally | Main | AM BRIEF: OneLove Manchester Trumps Terror • Apple's WWDC Today • Gregg Allman Honored • More » What Music Industry, Fans Can Expect Today From Apple's WWDC 2017? The 2017 edition of Apple's World Wide Developer Conference [WWDC] begins today at 10AM PT/1PM ET.  It's a time when Apple makes big announcements and offers advance looks at major upgrades and new products. We'll be live tweeting today via @hypebot with an emphasis on music related announcements. Here's what the music industry and fans can expect: _____________________________________ • iOS 10.3.3 - Expect major updates to iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS.  Each recent update has baked iTunes and Apple Music more deeply into Apple's operating system.  We expect that trend to continue. • Apple Music -  Jimmy Iovine told Bloomberg that Apple Music is being redesigned to feature much more video. It would seem that now is the time d timing since Apple’s first original video shows are being release soon over the net few weeks • iTunes / Apple Music - Both services feel clunky compared the sleekness that we're used to Apple delivering. If someone did a customer satisfaction survey, we suspect that Spotify would top Apple. This may just be wishful thinking, but this could be the time that both see an upgrade.  • Siri Speaker - Apple's voice assistant Siri is almost certainly getting a major update.  And this could well be when a Siri Speaker that competes with  Amazon Echo and Google Home.  If so, will it just play Apple Music on demand or will Spotify and others be invited to the party? We'll be live tweeting Apple's 2017 edition of its World Wide Developer Conference beginning today at 10AM PT/1PM ET.  Follow us on Twitter @hypebot. Related articles Apple Music, iOS8.4 Live @ 11AM ET Today, Beats 1 @ Noon ET Apple To Raise Cloud Music Library Limit From 25,000 to 100,000 Songs, Sayys Taxes Made Even Simpler with TurboTax and Apple Pay™ The Biggest Trend In Mobile What Will Apple Announce at WWDC 2017? Here's Our Roundup Download Beta 2 of iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 & tvOS 10.2.2 Posted by Bruce Houghton on 06/05/2017 in Apps & Mobile, Music Business, Music Tech | Permalink Comments What Music Industry, Fans Can Expect Today From Apple's WWDC 2017? The 2017 edition of Apple's World Wide Developer Conference [WWDC] begins today at 10AM PT/1PM ET.  It's a time when Apple makes big announcements and offers advance looks at major upgrades and new products. We'll be live tweeting today via @hypebot with an emphasis on music related announcements. Here's what the music industry and fans can expect: View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. TOP POSTS • Spotify As Important As Facebook For Musicians • Spotify Settles Suit w/ $43M Songwriter Fund • Pandora Has "Fake Listener" Problem • SoundCloud Exec Exits • Sony Merges Orchard and Red Essentials Categories Ad Supported Apps & Mobile Broadcast & Satellite Conventions & Awards D.I.Y. Downloads & P2P How I Listen Indie Labels Interviews Jobs & Internships Live & Touring Major Labels Marketing More News Music 2.0 Music Biz Podcast Music Business Music Tech Music Think Tank Publishing Retail Social Media Startups Streaming & Cloud The Pitch Video See More Recent Posts It's D DAY For Pandora: 4 Stats That Should Scare Investors Leaked Fyre Festival Emails Show Behind The Scenes Chaos Pandora Sale Deadline Is Today And It's Stock Is Falling [UPDATED] AM BRIEF: Pandora Stock Falls, Deadline Looms • More From Midem • Amazon Live Boss Exits • More Midemlab 2017 Music Tech Startup Winners: HumOn, Truelinked, Soundcharts, Vinci Smart Headphones New York City Music Scene Grows With A2IM Indie Week and Northside Festival Finding & Maintaining Your Creative Hustle: Lessons From Gregg Allman MIDEM DAY 2: Music Streaming 2.0 • Andy Ng Of China's Tencent • The EC's Martine Reicherts • More Murky Licensing Evident As Spotify Settles After Failure To Obtain Mechanical Licenses Cities And Their Unique Musical Culture Musician & Music Industry Resources Click Here SEARCH HYPEBOT Recent Comments Roy Uphold on ASCAP Sues 10 Music Venues For Not Being Licensed To Play Music Spherm Banks on Using Instagram Pods To Get More Fans Virginia Luther on One Love Manchester Benefit Concert Add Acts custom essay writing service on Stephen Bryan Joins YouTube as Head of Label Relations [OFFICIAL] rachel on Calculate Your Spotify Payments With This FREE Per US Stream Mechanical Calculator David Gerard on How To Create A Wikipedia Page The Right Way [Music Biz Podcast] Amy Rothenberger on Grow Your Fanbase With A Successful Contest Evelyn Wangari on How To Build The Perfect Home Studio On Any Budget Jame Hardy on Apple Deletes iPhone 7 Headphone Jack, 'Reinvents' Wireless Audio With AirPods, New Beats Headphones MARTIN LUTH on UPDATED: Top Apple Music Exec Bozoma Saint John Resigns More Info About & Contact Advertise On Hypebot Privacy Policy Skyline Music Affiliate Links The Hypebot Team    &nbspVIDEOS      These videos... hypebot Powered by Typepad
Business Home LBoard Idris Jala, MACC at Menara Felda to gather info on FGV Bernama Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple ‘HomePod’ speaker to take on Amazon, Google AFP | June 6, 2017 HomePod will take on lower priced Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have had momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. SAN JOSE: Apple will later this year release a “HomePod” music-centric smart home speaker, challenging a market currently dominated by Amazon and Google in its latest move to weave deeper into people’s lives. HomePod, aided by Apple’s Siri digital assistant, will be priced at US$349 when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain, the tech giant announced at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. “We really believe it is going to take your home music experience to the next level,” Apple chief executive Tim Cook said as he unveiled it. HomePod will take on lower priced Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have had momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. It is designed to work with the Apple Music subscription service and can produce rich sound while tapping into the artificial intelligence power of Siri. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the company’s Siri team had tuned the assistant into a “musicologist” that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the internet cloud. The speaker has the “power to rock the house,” according to Schiller, and the aim is to make HomePod a potent assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. Playing to strength HomePod capped a keynote presentation that included updates to Apple’s iPad and Mac laptop lines, and upgraded operating software enabling augmented reality for iPhones and iPads. Analysts said Apple is playing to its strength in the music industry by focusing on sound quality and its catalog of songs. “Apple is smart to frame the HomePod as a music-centric and audio-centric device rather than just another smart speaker or another home for Siri,” said Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson. “The fact that Apple is claiming to marry really great and smart audio with a smart assistant and cloud music service makes this device unique in the market.” Some industry insiders, however, note Apple will be under more pressure to improve the computing smarts of its Siri software in the face of offerings from rivals Google and Amazon. Apple has given Siri new male and female voices, described as more natural and expressive, and added abilities such as translating English phrases into Chinese, French, German, Italian or Spanish. Apple said it is also using ‘on-device learning’ to enable Siri to take people’s tastes into account. Amazon has dominated the connected speakers category since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home. Macs and iPads Cook also used the Apple keynote to show off new iPad and Mac computer models, as well as provide glimpses at coming versions of the software powering the technology titan’s devices. Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi said the next Mac operating system will be named “High Sierra” in tribute to the California mountain range. High Sierra features will include being able to stop unexpected videos from starting to play automatically when landing on web pages and “intelligent tracking prevention” that will prevent ads from following people about the internet. High Sierra will be released later this year as a free update, according to Federighi. Along with upgraded versions of iPad and Mac laptops, Apple unveiled an iMac Pro work station that had the computing built in behind the screen and was touted as the most powerful computer the company has ever made. Aimed at high-end design professionals rather than the home market, the iMac Pro is to begin shipping in December with a starting price of $4,999. Mac models were also boosted to work with virtual reality gear, a move by Apple into technology that Facebook has embraced with its Oculus unit. Apple told the developers they were overhauling the App Store, giving it a fresh look, and beginning to add the floor plans of shops and airports to its map program. And the operating system for mobile devices is getting a major update with iOS 11. Changes included making iPads more efficient and being able to send money to friends using Apple’s messaging application for mobile devices. A set of iOS 11 features including enabling smartphone cameras to read QR codes are aimed at the China market, where Apple would like to bolster iPhone sales. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Ringgit opens higher against US dollar MACC confirms action to be taken against ‘Datuks’ ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Uber driver flashes, then takes selfie on woman’s… Clare: Khalid must have seen same documents I had Attacked by lecturer, Baru Bian says ‘love thy… Silence no option, DAP tells Najib over Shafee payments Now Watsons is sorry for controversial video Anjing dilucut jawatan kerana terlalu manja Guan Eng brands Gerakan as ‘biggest liars’ I always get blamed for people’s problems, says Najib Isa to Mazlan: Pay damages first, then talk Mufti Selangor hadir taklimat tuduh mufti WP… ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Mari kenali ‘Muslim Homosektual’ Idris Jala must also check role of FGV board Let’s tackle ‘real’ issues, not imagined ones Seeking a more sustainable future for our oceans Isa Samad gali kubur sendiri? Bertindak sebelum durian IS jatuh atas kepala More... FMT Bahasa Krisis FGV berpotensi jejas keyakinan pelabur, kata Shahrir Lelaki tak dapat BR1M mengamuk, tetak kereta pengerusi JKKK Pelan PM sementara langkah praktikal, kata Amanah FGV: 8 jam geledah, SPRM bawa turun 3 kotak, 3 beg tarik Najib tertekan rakyat selalu salahkan PM Guan Eng label Gerakan ‘pembohong besar’ More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
See Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Al Franken and more at the 2017 Printers Row Lit Fest. Tickets available now! Blue Sky Innovation Technology Why Apple is struggling to become an artificial intelligence powerhouse Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP Craig Federighi, Apple's senior vice president of software engineering, speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5.  Craig Federighi, Apple's senior vice president of software engineering, speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5.  (Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP) Elizabeth DwoskinThe Washington Post In 2011, Apple became the first company to place artificial intelligence in the pockets of millions of consumers when the firm's co-founder Steve Jobs launched the voice assistant Siri on the iPhone. Eight years later, the technology giant is struggling to find its voice in AI. Analysts say the question of whether Apple can succeed in building great artificial intelligence products is as fundamental to the company's next decade as the iPhone was to its previous one. But the tech giant faces a formidable dilemma because the nature of artificial intelligence pushes Apple far out of its comfort zone in sleekly-designed hardware and services. AI programming demands a level of data collection and mining that is at odds with Apple's rigorous approach to privacy, as well as its positioning as a company that doesn't profile consumers. Moreover, Apple's longstanding penchant for secrecy has made the company less desirable in the eyes of potential star recruits, who hail from the country's top computer science departments and are attracted to companies that publish research. "Artificial intelligence is not in Apple's DNA," said venture capitalist and Apple analyst Steve Munster. "They understand that in the future, every company is going to become an AI company, and they are in a particularly tough spot." At Apple's annual developer's conference on Monday — the same event where Jobs introduced Siri — the company's efforts to become an AI powerhouse were on display as executives launched a new standalone smart speaker and touted features meant to boost Siri's chops and to power AI applications on Apple products. "Machine learning" — an AI buzzword that describes a form of ultra-fast, complex computer data analysis and statistical modeling — was repeated throughout the 2.5 hour presentation, delivered to an audience of roughly 6,000 developers here. Siri will now use machine learning to predict the times of a morning commute — or scan the travel news as you are reading it on the company's Safari browser and then suggest related activities, such as booking a reservation. She will use machine learning to talk with you and help you sort through music through a new $349 home automation device, HomePod. She will automatically organize your photos into albums, like "2nd Anniversary," without you giving her any context about the pictures. There was even a new software toolkit, CoreML, that will allow for faster processing of large amounts of data collected during machine learning applications. (It's six times faster than Google's rival AI processor, an executive quipped). But Monday's announcements come as other technology companies have released similar innovations and have already spent billions on the burgeoning AI arms race. Many are placing their bets on artificial intelligence, ranging from software that one day may be smart enough to chat back and forth like a human, or computer vision that identifies real-world objects so well it can power the first fully-functioning self-driving car. That has put Apple in the disadvantaged position of trying to lead in an area where it has fallen behind — and where the effort cuts against the core aspects of the company's secretive culture. "This is a substantial shift for Apple," said Daniel Gross, a former executive who focused on artificial intelligence. "The internal focus is on building great products, not publishing papers." Ten years after launching the iPhone, Apple is on the hunt for another blockbuster product that can take its place. Sales of the iPhone propelled Apple to become the most valuable company in the world and still account for more than half of the company's revenues, which were $215.6 billion in 2016. But last year, purchases of the company's iconic smartphone dropped for the first time, suggesting that the market for high-end smartphones is finally saturated. "The difference between last year's iPhone and this year's iPhone is going to be much smaller than the difference between the first and second iterations of the iPhone. ... So that s-curve is starting to flatten out," said Benedict Evans, a mobile expert and partner at the Silicon Valley venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, using an industry term for exponential increases in innovation. "Then you have the next transformative technology, that isn't here yet." Apple did not respond to repeated requests for interviews and comment. Apple's launch of HomePod, which will go for sale for $349 later this year, comes several years after Amazon and Google released their own automation devices, the Echo and the Google Home, which send consumers' spoken queries back to their servers in California for analysis. Google, Tesla, Uber, and others have been testing self-driving vehicles on public roadways for several years; Apple received its first permit to begin testing just two months ago. Before Monday's updates, the Siri assistant was still mostly a glorified web search that could tell the occasional pre-programmed joke. Now Apple is racing to catch up. Last October, the company hired Russ Salakhutdinov, a Carnegie Mellon professor whose expertise is in an area of artificial intelligence known as "deep" or "unsupervised" learning, a complex branch of machine learning in which computers are trained to replicate the way the brain's neurons fire when they recognize objects or speech. Salakhutdinov is a protege of Geoffrey Hinton, perhaps the world's top researcher in this area. Like Salakhutdinov, who divides his time between Carnegie Mellon and Apple, Hinton divides his time between Google and the University of Toronto. Building ties to academic superstars not only helps to improve products, but becomes a key recruiting tool, said Richard Zemel, director of the Vector Institute for Artificial Intelligence and a professor specializing in machine learning at the University of Toronto. "You used to not see people with Apple name badges at conferences, and now you do," Zemel said. In December, Apple presented and published its first academic paper in artificial intelligence at an industry conference. Another paper has been accepted to a prestigious computer vision conference and will be published in July, Salakhutdinov said in an interview. Salakhutdinov said he was not authorized to discuss his work at Apple in any detail. Zemel, who told Bloomberg two years ago that Apple was "off the scale" in terms of secrecy, and that such secrecy was keeping them out of loop on major developments in the field, now said that the Cupertino giant was "making some changes." "But it's going to take some work," he added. Researchers at elite universities said in interviews that Apple was still not the top choice for their computer science graduates — Google, Facebook, and Amazon were by far the top picks — but that the company was moving up in the rankings. Apple's forays into AI have also been slower than its peers because it's been reluctant to embrace the data-mining practices of rivals Google and Facebook, experts said. The company has spent considerable resources building additional layers of privacy when it did so. Unlike Google and Facebook, which are primarily advertising companies that collect massive amounts of intimate data to profile their users, Apple believes in limiting the amount of user data it collects. At a previous developer's conference, executives bragged that the company did not build user profiles. Tim Cook has positioned the company as the anti-Google. But that stance against data collection becomes a problem if you are building artificial intelligence, researchers say. A home device must collect and analyze people's speech in order to improve the way the device can speak to humans, for example. For Siri to be smart, she needs to collect and interpret data from other applications, such as your calendar, your restaurant reservations, and, now, your browsing. Last year, as Apple began to embrace artificial intelligence on the iPhone, the company undertook a large privacy protection project. The project took an academic concept called differential privacy and applied it to AI applications on the iPhone. Differential privacy works by inserting noise — or bad information — into good data in order to confuse outsiders who might try to hone in on an individual's records. For example, in order for Apple software to group the photos of your dog into a single album, it needs to collect many photos of your dogs. Apple collects those images, but not before encrypting the data in them and then scrambling that data with other data, so that if anyone tried to recover the original data set they wouldn't know what was tied to a single user, the company claims. This technique is considered a stronger privacy protection than other methods, such as using mathematical formulas to render user profiles anonymous. Apple's focus on privacy may have slowed the company down in terms of building some products, Gross said, but the trade-off would be consumer trust. "Apple is dousing itself with an extra piece of really hard science, and doing so to try and preserve your privacy," he said. "I think Google and Facebook will have to answer to world where a similar product that is offered is more privacy-preserving." Munster pointed out that no tech company has a huge lead on artificial intelligence yet. "The bad news is that Apple is behind," he said. "The good news is that if we look at how AI is going to impact the world, it's still early days — there is plenty of time to catch up." Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Apple Inc. Apple iPhone Steve Jobs Tim Cook Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 70°
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Meet House Of Marley's Shiny New Eco-Friendly Bluetooth Headphones Augmented Reality Surgery Just Happened, For Real It's Official: Y'all Love GIFs Mobile Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices With Apps, Even After Deletion This App Means You'll Never Have An Unknown (Business) Caller Again The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard Of Yet Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine A Little Less Secret Car Tech Your Car's Tyres Could Soon Know When Roads Are Wet And Slippery Before You Do A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Australian Scientists Just Made Hydrogen Fuel Cheaper Massive Leak Of 10 Million US VIN Numbers Could Help Crooks Make Stolen Cars Look Legit Online Russian Hackers Testing Malware With Britney Spears's Instagram  Uber's CEO Searches For Enlightenment In Company Lactation Room Uber Exec Dismissed After Sharing Rape Victim's Medical Records Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza On UberEats But Received Mouldy Sandwiches Science & Health Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Scientists Weigh A Star Using Gravity, Proving Einstein Wrong By Proving Him Right Why The US Air Force Is Teaming Up With SpaceX Cameras A Gigantic 1.8 Metre Water Balloon Will Instantly Drown Your Victim British Cops Make First Arrest Using Facial Recognition Surveillance Vans Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Computing Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Would You Feel Safer If Your Self-Driving Car Could Explain Itself? If We Want Robots To Be Good, We May Need To Destroy Their Self-Confidence Gaming Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons The Trailer For Big Trouble In Little China: The Game Has Us Even More Excited To Start Playing It The Mind Behind Adventure Time Helped Craft Dungeons & Dragons' Newest Story 4D Toys Are The Best Toys Entertainment Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  Offred Goes Mission: Impossible As The Handmaid's Tale Sets The Stage For A Revolution Wonder Woman's Most Fantastic Scene Nearly Didn't Get Made At All Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off So, Who Won Our Logan Competition? Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Apple Busted Misleading Australian Customers In Sting Operation, Lawsuit Claims Rhett Jones Jun 6, 2017, 11:30am ⋅ Filed to:  aaac apple australia australian competition and consumer commission documents lawsuit right to repair Share Apple really doesn't like its customers having the right to repair their own devices, and while Apple fights it out in the US, it's being accused of sneakily trying to get around Australian law. The Guardian has obtained court documents that detail a sting operation by Australia's consumer watchdog that showed Apple wilfully misled customers about their rights. Photo: Getty Apple's iPhone 'Error 53' Is A Security Feature, Not A Bug Read more You might remember "Error 53" from such hits as "Apple gets sued" and "Apple being sued". But if not, just know that it was an error message that popped up informing users that their iOS device had been bricked following unauthorised repairs. At first, Apple said it was actually a security feature, then it said that it was a software check that should have only occurred at the factory. The tech giant has since issued a fix. But that hasn't stopped the lawsuits. The case being brought to court by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) alleges that Apple's staff informed customers that they were not eligible for a free repair or replacement if their device had been taken to an unauthorised repair outlet. Australian law gives consumers the right to a free repair or replacement in the event that a product is "faulty or of unacceptable quality". Error 53, according to Apple, was a mistake. A mistake that renders a very expensive piece of hardware useless. The best part of this is Apple's alleged defence. According to the court documents obtained by The Guardian, the ACCC's sting operation called all of the official Apple retailers in Australia and told the representatives that an iPhone's speakers had stopped working after the screen was replaced by a third-party. From the documents: In each call, Apple Australia represented to the ACCC caller that no Apple entity ... was required to, or would, remedy the defective speaker at no cost under the [Australian consumer law] if the screen of the iPhone had been replaced by someone other than Apple Australia or an Apple-authorised service provider. Apple isn't publicly responding to the charges, but the court documents show its attorneys believe this case is frivolous because "hypothetical circumstances" don't constitute a breach. Apple maintains that a real customer with a real issue would have been told all about their rights. The ACCC also maintains that a message on Apple's US website misled customers. It informed users who had received the error message that, "if the screen or any other part on your iPhone or iPad was replaced somewhere else", they should "contact Apple Support about pricing information for out-of-warranty repairs". Apple disagrees that this was misleading because it was only referring to the company's own warranty. Last June, a US court in California rejected one Error 53-related lawsuit, but a separate suit in Seattle is ongoing. The ACCC is seeking "pecuniary penalties, injunctions, declarations, compliance program orders, corrective notices, and costs". Court proceedings are scheduled to begin in mid-December. [The Guardian] WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments applecrapple Guest Jun 6, 2017, 2:16pm apples gonna apple Reply 0 bmerigan @bmerigan Jun 6, 2017, 9:55pm I see 2 different issues there. The error code - should totally be fixed by Apple. Its a software/firmware thing. A 3rd party repairer stuffing up a repair should not be Apples responsibilty to fix. Reply 0 carln @carln Jun 7, 2017, 12:00am What isn't clear here is whether it was stated that the speakers stopped working immediately after the repair (in which case it may be attributable to the repair) or at some later time (so maybe less likely to be due to the non-apple repair). Reply 0 Acme Guest Jun 7, 2017, 1:53am As a mobile phone repair of sixteen years I could tell you stories that would put you off apple full stop. Just don't believe the product's are quality there designed to make maximum profit via addiction. There no difference between mobile manufacturers and drug dealers. Samsung are inovators but no better than apple addiction wise...it's just masive profit at cost of a human vulnerability. Wake up to it and stop being stringed like puppet. Reply 1 Roland @roland Jun 7, 2017, 8:45am But I can't live without my smartphone... is it a matter of better the devil you know? Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years Campbell Simpson 07 Jun 2017 9:00 AM Overnight, Foxtel gave its streaming video service a new name. The prices are the same, and for now there are no new gadgets or hardware to tempt you with. But this is just the first step in a huge transformation in the way Foxtel works and how it sits in Australia's media landscape. Foxtel Now is, at its core, a re-branding of the company's existing products, but it's also so much more -- it's the first sign we've seen of a serious commitment to the way Australia watches its TV shows and movies in 2017 and beyond. Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Campbell Simpson 06 Jun 2017 1:00 PM Logan is coming out on 4K Blu-ray and digital download this week, and to celebrate, we've got one of our most unconventional giveaways yet. Get creative and you'll be in with a chance to win the distinctive sunglasses that Laura, or X-23, wears in the movie! Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years 2 Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) 3 I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing Uber has been accused of exploiting a VAT loophole to avoid paying £40 million in tax every year © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Amazon has ditched its $60 unlimited cloud storage plan; now 1TB for $60 a year 1 hour ago Get a two year subscription to HideMyAss! VPN for just $54.99 - 65% off with Neowin Deals 1 hour ago Android 7.0 Nougat is now rolling out to the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge on T-Mobile 1 hour ago An AI got average marks for a university entrance exam, as it struggled with language 2 hours ago View all recent news Amazon has ditched its $60 unlimited cloud storage plan; now 1TB for $60 a year 1 hour ago Microsoft Rewards reportedly coming to France on June 12 8 hours ago Xbox Insider Preview build 15063.4054 is now available in the Alpha ring - here's what's new 10 hours ago Latest Outlook for Mac preview heads to the Fast ring, with a "highly requested" new feature 16 hours ago View all Microsoft news New Office Insider Preview for Android adds comments, a numeric keypad, and more 17 hours ago A Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ could be coming to the United States 20 hours ago Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P Jun 7, 2017 OnePlus 5 revealed in leaked image, confirming dual rear cameras Jun 6, 2017 View all Google news T-Mobile will offer Apple's latest iPad Pro starting next week 8 hours ago Behold! The Horizon Machine - what Apple uses to repair our cracked iPhone screens 19 hours ago Apple formally announces tvOS 11 19 hours ago A sting operation by the ACCC led to the lawsuit against Apple over "Error 53" Jun 7, 2017 View all Apple news Everything 1.4.1.877 18 hours ago Sandboxie 5.20 20 hours ago Tor Browser 7.0 21 hours ago CintaNotes 3.8 23 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending LG G6 review: A solid, stylish Android phone that checks the right boxes Jun 4, 2017 Review: The best of both worlds, Samsung's new convertible wireless charger May 24, 2017 Bluboo Edge review: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone May 21, 2017 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing and first impressions Jun 3, 2017 HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P Jun 7, 2017 Kodi just took a "big step" toward its return to Xbox as a UWP app Jun 6, 2017 New firmware is rolling out to the Surface Pro 3 - here's what's new Jun 7, 2017 The OnePlus 5 might come priced at €550 8 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get a two year subscription to HideMyAss! VPN for just $54.99 - 65% off with Neowin Deals 1 hour ago Get this Full Stack JavaScript Bundle for just $38 via Neowin Deals Jun 7, 2017 Get The Software QA & Testing Bundle: Lifetime Subscription for just $29 via Neowin Deals Jun 6, 2017 Get NetSpot Home for Windows, or for Mac: Lifetime License for just $19 (72% off) Jun 5, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ The watchOS 4 Developer Beta is out; here's how to get it By Rich Woods Neowin LLC @@TheRichWoods · Jun 6, 2017 with 0 comments Today, Apple kicked off its 2017 Worldwide Developer Conference, where it announced new iterations of iOS, macOS, and watchOS. Following the keynote, developer preview builds were released, as they always are after the first day of WWDC. Early betas aren't for the faint of heart though, and you should be aware of that. This build will likely be unstable, and unlike iOS, macOS, and tvOS, there's no way to roll back an Apple Watch without taking it to an Apple Store. But if this is something that you just have to have now, then here's how you can do it, as the process is pretty simple. In Apple Developer, go to Develop -> Download. Locate the watchOS 4 beta and click the download link. The easiest thing to do is to download it on the iPhone that your Apple Watch is paired with and open it, but if you do it on a PC, just email it to yourself and open it on your iPhone. Follow the onscreen instructions to install the configuration profile. When it asks you to choose between your iPhone and Watch, choose the Watch. In the Apple Watch app, go to General -> Software Update. Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install watchOS 4. Remember that once you install this, there's no going back unless you're willing to take that walk of shame into the Apple Store. You might want to wait for two weeks until beta 2 is released, just to be safe. Tags Apple Watchos Watchos 4 Wwdc 2017 Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Microsoft says Office for Mac 2011 will not be supported on macOS 10.13 High Sierra Next Story Logitech introduced the MeetUp, a conference camera for huddle rooms Community Activity Refresh Microsoft says Office for Mac 2011 will not be supported on macOS 10.13 High Sierra in Front Page News DirecTV Now to work "exclusively on Chrome" from July, as support ends for other browsers in Front Page News OneLogin: Breach Exposed Ability to Decrypt Data in Back Page News Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P in Front Page News Amazon has ditched its $60 unlimited cloud storage plan; now 1TB for $60 a year in Front Page News Apple "turns it up to 11" with iOS 11, bringing big improvements to iPhone and iPad in Front Page News Android 7.0 Nougat is now rolling out to the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge on T-Mobile in Front Page News Optimal 120mm fan setup in case for HDD cooling etc? in Hardware Hangout Advertisement Trending Stories Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P Jun 7, 2017 with 28 comments Kodi just took a "big step" toward its return to Xbox as a UWP app Jun 6, 2017 with 13 comments New firmware is rolling out to the Surface Pro 3 - here's what's new Jun 7, 2017 with 3 comments The OnePlus 5 might come priced at €550 8 hours ago with 4 comments Related Stories Apple formally announces tvOS 11 19 hours ago Apple halves price of 2TB iCloud storage to $9.99 a month, and ditches 1TB tier Jun 6, 2017 Apple quietly releases new Magic Keyboard accessory for $129 on Apple Store Jun 6, 2017 ustwo Games launches Monument Valley 2, exclusively for iOS Jun 6, 2017 Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle $999.00 $69.00 93% off The Ultimate Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,186.00 $49.00 96% off Ivacy VPN: Lifetime Subscription $1,434.00 $29.99 98% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $89.00 85% off Linux Essentials Bundle $225.00 $39.00 83% off REVIEW The LG G6 is a solid, stylish phone that checks the right boxes lg review The best of both worlds: Samsung's new convertible wireless charger convertible Windows 10's adaptive CShell UI revealed in images and video cshell Seven months after its release, Android 7.1 Nougat is on just 0.6% of devices android Skype shuts down on Windows Phone, RT, and Windows 10 Mobile Messaging app on July 1 skype expected in august Android O likely to be the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P android o Microsoft rolls out new firmware update for Surface Pro 3 surface pro 3 VIDEO Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing lenovo A sneak peek at Apple's monstrous new iMac Pro imac pro Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Apple iOS 11: 11 new features coming to your iPhone and iPad Elyse Betters6 June 2017Phones Apple iOS 11 is official Coming to consumers this autumn Updates to Apple Maps, Control Center, Siri, and more Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple made iOS 11 official while at WWDC 2017. Although the software is not due to release until this autumn alongside the next iPhones, Apple used its mostly-annual developers conference to give customers a sneak peek at all the new features included in iOS 11. There are updates to Apple Maps, the Control Center, Siri, Apple Pay, Music, and more. Here's everything we know about iOS 11 so far. Apple WWDC 2017: All the announcements that matter What is iOS 11? Apple's mobile operating system for iPhone and iPad is called iOS, and iOS 11 is the next major update to iOS. It will bring a host of new features and improvements. Like all other software updates from Apple, iOS 11 will be free to download and use. When will iOS 11 be available? Developers can get their hands on iOS 11 now, but the final consumer version is still months away from release. Expect it to launch this autumn, maybe even around September. It usually rolls out after Apple demos the software on its next iPhones. What's new in iOS 11? Siri Siri has a new look in which your results will appear more like Google's "cards". Siri also has a male voice and some new voice tones for its female version. Other new features include suggestions for follow-up questions you can tap on, multiple results for a search topic, the ability to translate languages (English to Chinese, French, German, Italian, Spanish), and more. Siri will attempt to learn what you're interested in, or need, based on your location, or information you've already asked for, and it'll suggest topics you'll want to know based on what you're doing, like a news item. It can respond to a message with your location or make a calendar appointment based on a reservation you booked, for instance. iMessage Apple When you sync to another new device, such as an iPhone, iCloud will automatically sync all your conversations. So, if you delete a message on the iPhone, it'll delete on your laptop and iPad, etc. iMessages also has an app drawer now, which will make it easier to find stickers and more. You can also now use Apple Pay, with TouchID authentication, so you can quickly send payments via iMessage. Control Center Control Center ditched the three-pane layout and is now a single panel so you can to get sliders and toggles right away, and it incorporates 3D Touch so you can access more specific, granule controls with a long press on the screen. Notification Center Apple also made the lock screen and notification center into one, meaning the lock screen will be able to show all your notifications. All you have to do is scroll up from the lock screen to see your notifications. You can still swipe left and right to get to widgets. This move should feel more convenient, as it give you the ability to quickly glance at alerts. Music Apple Apple Music will let you play music in multiple rooms through different speakers, thanks to the new AirPlay 2 protocol. Multiroom audio will also work with third-party apps. You will be able to make and share public playlists with your friends, too, in the form of Shared Up Next playlists. Oh, and third-party apps, like Shazam, can automatically add songs it identifies to your collection. Maps Maps is adding 3D maps that help you navigate around indoors. You'll see detailed airport and mall floor plans, for instance, but only in major cities at first. And when on the road, you'll be able to watch your speed, because speed limits are coming to Maps, along with guidance to tell you which lane you'll need to change into next. Apple has also introduced a one-handed zoom option. AR Apple When you look at your iOS device screen, you'll be able to interact with virtual items overlaid in your real world. In other words, you'll be able to place items like a cup on your table. Apple is launching the developer platform ARKit, which will allow them to take advantage of an iPhone or iPad’s camera, sensors, gyroscopes, and other hardware in order to offer AR experiences. Camera Apple said video and images will take up less storage space now due to new compression technology, while low-light portraits will take advantage of optical image stabilisation and HDR. You can also loop a live photo to make a movie, or edit and trim it or save a still frame from a Live Photo. There's also a new long exposure effect. And finally, videos in "Memories" will now play in Portrait mode. CarPlay Apple You'll now get an option to turn on Do Not Disturb while in Driving mode. It'll mute notifications, and there's an auto-response function you can use. The feature automatically detects when you’re in a moving vehicle, locks down your phone, and serves up a blank screen. App Store The App Store has a cleaner, simpler look on phone with separate Music app-style tabs separating content. There is an all-new Today tab, which shows new games and apps recommended for that day only. You can also see other days' content just by scrolling down. There are also new tabs for Games. It will showcase a selection of the latest games and present gameplay videos and tips. It will also list popular games and in-app purchases. Apps also gets its own tab. Every app and every game gets a new product page on the store with all new features and a friendly design. The idea here is that the redesigned App Store should make it easier to find new apps. But we won't know for sure until we've had time to test it out. iPad There are iOS 11-specific features just for the iPad. The new app dock has space for more apps, and you can open them by pulling them up from the dock. A new App Switcher supports drag and drop for text, images, multi-select, etc. And a new Files app will house all files and folders to help you find everything on your iPad. Apple also added deeper support for Apple Pencil so you can mark-up anything. The Notes app supports in-line drawings, search, and handwriting recognition with Apple Pencil, for instance. And lastly, a new QuickType functionality allows punctuation, alternate characters, and numbers to be accessed from one keyboard by simply via small gestures on a key. You can basically flick keys to access these other characters without having to switch views. Sections Apple Tablets Phones Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Best upcoming smartphones: The future phones of 2017 Best Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories HTC U11 review: Flagship glory, with a gimmick squeezed in Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Do these leaked iPhone 8 drawings reveal the phone's final design? Samsung Galaxy Note 8: What's the story so far? HTC U11 review: Flagship glory, with a gimmick squeezed in OnePlus 5: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus: What's the story so far? Is this the OnePlus 5? Phone design revealed in super-clear image How the Huawei P10 Plus and Watch 2 make light work of a busy day Google Pixel phones could get Android O in August, earlier than usual Samsung Galaxy S8 Arctic Silver will be an EE exclusive, pre-order yours from 23 June These Galaxy Note 8 images allude to on-screen fingerprint sensor and dual-lens camera Apple iPad Pro 10.5 vs iPad Pro 9.7: Should you upgrade? How Android Wear 2.0 puts the Huawei Watch 2 ahead of the competition Apple 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display (2017) preview: Bright and powerful Do these leaked iPhone 8 drawings reveal the phone's final design? Apple iPad Pro 10.5: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Samsung Galaxy Note 8: What's the story so far? Xbox Project Scorpio: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know HTC U11 review: Flagship glory, with a gimmick squeezed in Monument Valley 2 review: Beautiful yes, but is it worth £5? OnePlus 5: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple's app store downloads are soaring Daniel Sparks, The Motley Fool Jun. 5, 2017, 8:59 PM 3,163 facebook linkedin twitter email print REUTERS/Jim Urquhart As Apple's iPhone sales growth leveled off in recent years, management has been attempting to shift investor attention toward the tech giant's rapidly growing services segment. The segment offers continued growth prospects and a more reliable revenue stream than Apple's more volatile hardware sales. While Apple's services segment is benefiting from a broad base of growth drivers, including App Store sales, Apple Pay, Apple Music, and more, App Store sales serve as the segment's primary catalyst. That's why when Apple shares an update on its App Store business, investors may want to take note. On Thursday, Apple shared an update on its App Store, including the announcement that all-time App Store earnings paid to developers hit $70 billion. Here's what investors should know. Still a major catalyst Overall, Apple's latest data on its App Store continues to drive home one important point for Apple investors: The App Store is more integral to Apple's business than ever before. Consider these takeaways from Apple's App Store update: All-time gross App Store revenue, including Apple's 30% cut and developers' 70% cut, has now hit $100 billion. Apple's cut of App Store Revenue is about $30 billion. Developer earnings from the App Store are up 40% since August 2016, growing from about $50 billion to $70 billion. App Store downloads are up more than 70% in the trailing 12 months compared to the preceding 12-month period. In its update on App Store sales, Apple also provided some context on App Store categories driving this growth. Gaming and Entertainment, thanks to "breakout hits" like Pokemon GO and Super Mario and streaming-TV subscriptions like Netflix and Hulu, are the top-grossing App Store categories, Apple said. Further, thanks to Apple's more accommodating policies on recurring subscriptions (the policies were revamped last year), subscriptions have now expanded to every app category and are up 58% year over year. Why it matters Investors are increasingly looking to Apple's services segment as the next frontier for the tech giant's growth. In Apple's most recent quarter, services revenue increased 18% year over year, helping make up for some of the iPhone segment's much slower growth. IPhone revenue was down 1% year over year. Of course, Apple's services segment is much smaller than Apple's iPhone segment. In the second quarter of 2017, for instance, services revenue was $7 billion and iPhone revenue was $33 billion. But, with the help of surging App Store revenue, which was up 40% in Apple's second quarter, Apple's services business is growing as a percentage of total revenue. In Q2, services accounted for 13.3% of total revenue, up from 11.8% of revenue in the same quarter in 2016. Investors will watch for Apple's App Store to continue helping the tech giant's services business grow into a more meaningful operating segment for the company. Looking out to 2020, Apple believes its services business can grow to twice the size it was at the end of 2016 -- and Apple's going to need App Store revenue to continue growing nicely for this to happen. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » Read the original article on The Motley Fool. Copyright 2017. Follow The Motley Fool on Twitter. More from The Motley Fool: SEE ALSO: Apple just became the first company in the US to cross $800 billion in market capitalization NOW WATCH: Science says lasting relationships come down to 3 basic traits Loading video... More: The Motley Fool Apple App Store iPhone facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple's app store downloads are soaring Apple's app store downloads are soaring As Apple's iPhone sales... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Style Beauty Love Video Weddings Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Editions Follow Celebrities & Entertainment Back Celebrities & Entertainment Celeb News Celebs TV Movies Books Music Beauty & Style Back Beauty & Style Beauty & Style News Beauty Advice Beauty How Tos Style Style How Tos Cosmo Beauty Closet Politics College Career Health & Fitness Back Health & Fitness Health & Fitness How Tos Food & Cocktails Sex & Relationships Back Sex & Relationships Sex News Cosmo Confessions Sex Positions Sex Tips Guys Weddings Bedroom Blog Parenting Cosmo For Latinas Horoscopes Lenny Letter All News All Videos Subscribe Back Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Newsletter Follow Back Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Youtube Tumblr Promotions Win Type keyword(s) to search These Are the New Products and Developments From Apple's Latest Announcement Including the "HomePod." GettyEric Thayer By Eric Limer Jun 6, 2017 Apple kicks off WWDC conference with Monday keynote. HomePod is Apple's new $350 smart speaker. MacOS High Sierra coming free this fall with under-the-hood tweaks for faster performance. An iMac Pro is coming in December for $5,000. IOS 11 gives Siri a voice update and translation powers, and comes with a redesigned App Store. There's a new iPad Pro with a 10.5-inch screen. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Apple just finished the keynote for its Worldwide Developer's Conference (WWDC). The presentation covered all the WWDC mainstays — a new version of macOS and a new version of iOS, both arriving in the fall — as well as a handful of hardware odds and ends, and the long-rumored Siri-powered speaker. HomePod The biggest announcement of WWDC this year is Apple's long-rumored smart speaker, officially dubbed the "HomePod": At just under 7 inches high and powered by Apple's A8 chip that you will also find in iPhones, HomePod is a speaker that uses sensing technology in an attempt to offer fuller, spacious sound. Multiple HomePods can also be networked together for especially large rooms. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below As expected, the HomePod can react to voice commands with the help of Siri, much like competing smart speakers from Amazon and Google. Although while the Echo and the Home bill themselves as voice assistants first and speakers second, it looks like Apple is positioning HomePod as a speaker first, with assistant features as an added bonus. Through voice commands, the HomePod looks to be able to handle general question answering, calendar adjustment, and timer setting just like a Google Home or regular old Siri can. The details of how far it can go are still fuzzy for the time being. The HomePad can also interact with smart appliances that work with HomeKit. Example commands include: The HomePod comes in white and gray, and starts shipping this December for $350. By comparison, you can buy a Google Home for $110 or an Amazon Echo for $180. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below macOS The newest version of macOS, dubbed High Sierra, is what Apple is billing as a refined version of regular old Sierra, which came before. The new version of Safari included in High Sierra can automatically block auto-playing video and will also use machine learning in an attempt to minimize the amount of ad-tracking information shared between sites. The Photos app in High Sierra also packs a few new tricks, including machine-learning-powered facial recognition, much like what Google announced in Google Photos two years ago. High Sierra will also introduce a new, default file system. It's an under-the-hood tweak, but one that Apple promises will be able to speed up processes like moving or duplicating files even with the same computing horsepower. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below High Sierra will be out as a free update this fall. New Macs The newest line of iMacs come with the latest Intel Kaby Lake chips, which will give them a boost in both compute power and graphics capability. They also come with Thunderbolt-capable USB Type-C ports, which brings us one step closer to using the same type of cable for pretty much anything, though Apple's iPhones still use the proprietary Lightning Port. Apple also teased a new "iMac Pro" that will release in December with up to an 18-core Xeon Processor, AMD's new Radeon Vega graphics, and up to 16 gigabytes of video RAM. Oh yeah, and it comes in Space Grey. This kind of power isn't aimed at the average Joe, but instead aimed directly at professionals that do a lot of video editing or other horsepower heavy jobs, so all that will cost you a hefty $5,000 on the low end. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Apple's MacBooks are also being updated with Intel's new chips but no other design modifications. You'll notice that the MacBook Air is pointedly absent: iOS 11 In iOS 11, Apple Pay will be able let you send or receive money to and from people, effectively putting a built-in version of Venmo right inside iOS. So long as the people you hang with are all on iPhones. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Siri is also getting some updates. Thanks to machine learning, she'll now have a more natural-sounding voice with more options for emphasis than before. Siri will also be able to give you translation if you ask her how to say something in say, Chinese, although this will only be a beta feature in iOS 11. The control panel is also getting a brand new look that packs a bunch more functionality into a small space: Advertisement - Continue Reading Below IOS 11 also includes a suite of features aimed mostly at iPad Pro users. The new "Files" app functions basically as a traditional computer file system for the iPad Pro but also includes files from third-party cloud storage services like Dropbox. IOS 11 on the iPad Pro also supports drag and drop, which lets you drag apps around your screen much the same way you can have multiple windows open on the same desktop. Apple is clearly making a push to use iOS 11 to make the iPad Pro a more suitable replacement for your average laptop. The new iOS 11 is available as a beta for developers now, an open beta later this summer, and a free update this fall. A New iPad Pro There's a new version of the smaller iPad Pro, with its screen scaled up to 10.5 inches from 9.7 thanks in large part to some shrinking down around the bezels. This modest bump in size is just enough for the new iPad Pro to be able to have a full-size on-screen keyboard and use a full-size keyboard cover. Apple also doubled the refresh rate of the screen on the iPad Pro, effectively increasing the speed at which the screen can update itself. That'll make motion on it look extra smooth (if the app can support it and your eyes can tell the difference) and also let it work with the Apple Pencil without as much update lag. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below The new iPad Pro is available now and starts shipping next week: Other Odds and Ends Amazon is coming to Apple TV with Amazon Prime video. The streaming juggernaut has been a hold-out when it comes to streaming devices made by its tech-space competitors. You still can't stream Amazon Prime to a Google Chromecast, but coming to Apple TV means that either Amazon is coming out of its shell or Apple made a heck of a deal to get the important streaming service on its box. Apple isn't rolling out any crazy augmented reality glasses yet, but with the new "ARKit," Apple is takings its first earnest steps into the space. The developer kit demonstrated on stage was able to pull off the the same sort of tricks the Facebook and Snapchat have been able to with a similar "look through your phone" approach, nothing particularly groundbreaking. But since there are so many iPhones out in the wild, Apple's shot at this tech doesn't have to be especially good — it has a huge leg up by virtue of existing at all. From: Popular Mechanics Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Share Tweet Email More From Lifestyle Stories Ftom the Manchester Terror Attack 30 Gifts Your Dad Will Totally Love Advertisement - Continue Reading Below You Can Now Zip Line Off the Eiffel Tower Harvard Revokes Acceptance Letters Over Memes Woman Charged in Boyfriend's Suicide Nixes Jury Pharmacist Allegedly Refused Patient IUD Hormones Everything You Need To Know Ringless Voice Mail Worldwide Disney Attendance Drops in 2016 Here Are Your Most Often Misspelled Porn Searches Your Horoscopes for the Week of June 5 Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Lifestyle Why Apple's New AirPod Headphones Are a Terrible Design The Coolest Beauty Products Launched in 2017 Kylie Jenner Made a Legitimate MUSIC VIDEO to Announce Her New Beauty Product, NBD A Candle That Smells Like a New Macbook Exists 6 Things You Need to Know About Apple's New Products Products From Across The Pond Apple Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Cosmo Books Work For Cosmo Become A Cosmo Intern Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get this Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Cosmopolitan gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Share Tweet Email
Soon, iPhones will block texts while driving - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Soon, iPhones will block texts while driving Posted: Monday, June 5, 2017 8:52 PM EDT Updated: Monday, June 5, 2017 10:22 PM EDT Apple will introduce a new iPhone feature called "Do Not Disturb While Driving," will be part of Apple's iOS 11, a new version of the operating software for Apple mobile devices. By Peter Valdes-Dapena and Heather Kelly NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Soon, Apple will introduce a new iPhone feature that will do away with that annoying -- and dangerous -- urge to look at a text message while you're driving. The feature, called "Do Not Disturb While Driving," will be part of Apple's iOS 11, a new version of the operating software for Apple mobile devices. Whenever the phone is connected to a car using either Bluetooth or a cable, or if the car is moving, the phone will withhold any notifications for things like text messages or news updates. If someone does text you while you're driving, the phone can respond with an automatic message telling them you're driving and can't respond just now. The iPhone screen will also be locked to prevent drivers from using many of their apps while driving. Passengers who are just riding, and not driving, will have the ability to disable the feature. Users will be able to see Apple Maps, Apple's navigation application, while driving -- though they will be unable to input destinations. Other navigation apps, like Google Maps, will also work, although not quite as easily. Drivers will still be able to use Apple CarPlay, of course, in cars that are equipped with it. Apple CarPlay is a car interface specifically designed to allow drivers to hear and respond to text messages using voice commands and to safely use other iPhone features while driving. it's available from a number of automobile manufacturers, including General Motors, Fiat Chrysler, BMW and Honda, and works through a computer screen in the car. Nissan has proposed adding a so-called Faraday cage to its cars. This would be a box built in to the car that would block radio transmissions of any kind from reaching the phone. That would be another way to prevent distracting texts while driving. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, eight people are killed each day in crashes involving distracted driving, TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Hands-on with macOS High Sierra on a new Macbook Pro Dean Takahashi@deantak June 5, 2017 6:01 PM Above: MacBook Pro with a 13-inch screen. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi Apple updated its MacBook Pro laptops with Intel Kaby Lake processors today, and it also announced changes coming in the next version of the macOS: High Sierra. The company shared the news at its Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, California. We were on site to get a look at what Apple showed onstage. We saw demos of the laptops working with HTC Vive virtual reality headsets, including with support for external graphics cards. Here’s a demo of the new MacBook Pro 13-inch model. It has a touch bar that you can use to modify the size of a paintbrush you are using to shade an image on the screen. The change in the effects is instant. It features an Intel Kaby Lake processor, dubbed the Core i7, running at 3.5 gigahertz with turbo boost up to 4.0 GHz. The 15-inch model goes up to 4.1 GHz with turbo boost. The base MacBook Pro 13-inch model has Intel Iris Plus 650 graphics, while the 15-inch model uses the more powerful AMD Radeon Pro 555 discrete graphics chip or a Radeon Pro 560 as an option. The 13-inch MacBook Pro starts at $1,300 with function keys, or $1800 with the touch bar. The machines are available to order today and will be in Apple Stores on Wednesday. Photos are another area where you can see the difference in the graphics horsepower. You can change a photo so that it uses long exposure settings. That makes the mist around a waterfall come to life, for example. Apple also showed features in High Sierra that make changes to its Safari browser. And you can take advantage of privacy features, such as preventing advertisements you don’t want to see from initializing. The new macOS also shows how you can offload video graphics processing to the graphics chip. You can also copy files quickly in the new macOS, as the processor can hand off the task to the graphics chip. This comes from bringing the Apple File System to Macs, after the technology was added to iOS in March.   VB Recommendations Powering Twitch and Medium, search startup Algolia raises $53 million Automat raises $8.3 million to make marketing bots How Volvo’s using self-steering trucks to help sugarcane farmers improve crop yield
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 69° Broken Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Shioi Construction donates vehicle Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:45 am NAWILIWILI — Kelvin Moniz, executive director of the Kauai Independent Food Bank, said they really needed the van Wednesday when representatives of Shioi Construction turned over keys to a vehicle to the food bank. Comments (0) Consulting group presents findings on makeup of Kekaha Landfill Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:30 am LIHUE — Waste from construction sites and paper products are the most common kinds of waste at the Kekaha Landfill. Comments (0) Recent Schatz: town core, traffic and PMRF priorities KLA safety tools offered Road closures for Kamehameha Day Parade Interim superintendent named Man pleads guilty to kidnapping Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Pono ends with 2-1 record in Kalaheo Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:00 am KALAHEO — Kaulupono 8G’s Kierstin Gummerus netted a game-high 15 points and Kaye Serapio added 11 points to lead the Westside girls to a 38-19 win over the 8G A‘o Uka Rebels during the youth summer basketball league games played at the Kalaheo Neighborhood Center. Comments (0) Kauai tennis trio heading to Arizona Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — Michael and Mark Fitzgerald, 11, and Hi‘ilani Williams, 9, will be packing their tennis rackets when they leave for Tucson, Arizona in July. Comments (0) Recent Rapozo, Acoba take Mana drag racing honors Green gives Lakers life Hole-in-ones in Wailua Molokai Farmer finds gold in Waimea Leigh Idica earns The Swimmer of the Meet award Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Here’s hoping grant helps end substance abuse Posted: June 06, 2017 - 12:05 am Just say no to drugs. Comments (0) Auditor’s Office not removed from county budget Posted: June 05, 2017 - 12:05 am The Garden Island erroneously reported in its June 2 editorial that the Office of the County Auditor was eliminated during the Kauai County Council’s fiscal year 2017-18 budget decision-making session. Comments (3) Recent Old Kalapaki recalled at the opening of the Kauai Surf Hotel Soo-yun schemes, Bong-hee is jealous Talk Story with Chucky Boy Chock Proper steps can help with sciatica recovery Protect herbivorous fish to protect coral reefs Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Feast for the senses Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:15 am KAPAA — Yes, Taste of Hawaii is about food, drink and music. Comments (0) A time to dance Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — The West Kauai Hongwanji Hanapepe Temple will be the site of the first bon dance of the Kauai Buddhist Council Bon Dance schedule. Comments (0) Recent Kachi kachi the night away In the name of rain TGIFr!day for June 2, 2017 The music lives on! The Kitchen at Papaya’s Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home Business National and International Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Story Comments Image (8) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Marcio Jose Sanchez Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Apple's John Ternus speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Marcio Jose Sanchez Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Marcio Jose Sanchez Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Marcio Jose Sanchez Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Apple's Kevin Lynch speaks about the Apple Watch announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Marcio Jose Sanchez Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Marcio Jose Sanchez Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Apple's Kevin Lynch speaks about the Apple Watch during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Marcio Jose Sanchez Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals John Knoll of Industrial Light & Magic, right, speaks about virtual reality during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Marcio Jose Sanchez 10 Things to Know for Tuesday Apple's John Ternus speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Posted: Monday, June 5, 2017 2:47 pm | Updated: 3:30 pm, Mon Jun 5, 2017. Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Associated Press | 0 comments SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) — Apple is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers — the latest test of the iPhone maker's ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals. The trend-setting company also is putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced Monday escalate Apple's technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. NO PLACE LIKE HOMEPOD The "HomePod" speaker unveiled at Apple's annual developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple's iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple's own music streaming service, which runs $10 to $15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod's owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. "It will reinvent home audio," boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google's Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. APPLE VS. THE DRY SPELL The HomePod is Apple's first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn't been a smash hit, fueling worries that the company's ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. During Jobs' last decade, Apple introduced the iPod, iPhone and iPad — all huge commercial successes that both reshaped daily life and swamped previous digital music players, smartphones and tablets. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company "can't afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people's homes to Amazon, Google and others," said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That's especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more "pervasive" way that's less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it's also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon's Alexa, Google's Assistant and Microsoft's Cortana, Blaber said. (Many reviewers have suggested that the current incarnation of Apple's assistant already trails competitors in key respects .) "This is the start of the AI wars," he said. MACS, PHONES AND PAYMENTS Apple had plenty of other announcements. New iMacs released Monday are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality "experiences," although the company didn't announce any consumer VR products. Safari, Apple's web browser, is getting new features aimed at online annoyances. It will block videos that start playing automatically, for instance, and can also prevent ads from following and profiling users. It will not actually block ads, though. Apple also introduced a new version of its business-oriented iPad Pro at an intermediate size with more storage, a better display and an improved camera. It's part of Apple's effort to entice professionals with tablets that can handle many tasks previously reserved for laptops. New features coming to iPhones and iPads, meanwhile, include marginal improvements such as syncing messages to Apple servers in the cloud, saving storage space on phones and tablets. Apple also laid some groundwork for augmented reality, the projection of digital features onto real-world surroundings, by giving app developers tools for incorporating AR into their products. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. __ Ortutay reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play ARTICLE: Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play More about Arts And Entertainment Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand More about Lifestyle Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play ARTICLE: Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Discuss Print   Posted in National and International, Ap Entertain, National on Monday, June 5, 2017 2:47 pm. Updated: 3:30 pm. | Tags: Business, Arts And Entertainment, Lifestyle, Technology, Consumer Electronics Manufacturing, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Consumer Products And Services, Mobile Phone Manufacturing, Mobile Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing, Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing, Telecommunications, Smartphones, Mobile Phones, Consumer Electronics, Software, Computing And Information Technology, Tablet Computer Manufacturing, Personal Computer Manufacturing, Computer Hardware Manufacturing, Information Technology, Personal Digital Assistants, Household Technology, New Products And Services, Products And Services, Corporate News, Operating Systems, General News, Artificial Intelligence, Data Privacy, Technology Issues, Mobile Media, Media | Location Tags: California, United States, North America Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Teacher recovering from hit-and-run accident Council approves pursuing grant to move Hanalei overlook Rose-ringed solution Kauai Humane Society overflowing Fight night on the Westside All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (38) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Online poll Who will win the NBA Championship? Total Votes: 344 Cleveland (Yay) 28 8% Golden State (Boo) 147 43% I don’t follow basketball and don’t care. 169 49% Loading… Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Comey: Trump sought to 'lift the cloud' of Russia investigation Expert: Officer's actions in killing Philando Castile were 'objectively unreasonable' Oakdale middle school principal found dead in Woodbury park Get ready for a hot messy weekend, with temps in 90s and feeling like 100 Losses narrow for Minn. health plans, but customers head for exits Electrical issue fixed, I-394 MnPass lanes open for eastbound drivers Stunned in Seattle: Two-out, two-run walk-off homer sinks Twins Keith Urban wins big at CMT Awards; Underwood makes history Edina City Council greets residential towers in 'lukewarm' fashion Jesse Ventura has a new gig — on Russian television Burnsville High's Carlson set to make MLB draft history next 426629441 Apple unveils new smart speaker Apple's new HomePod ventures toward virtual reality, offering music, information and other help.  By Michael Liedtke and Barbara Ortutay Associated Press June 5, 2017 — 8:33pm Jim Wilson &#x2022; New York Times Craig Federighi, senior vice president for software engineering, discussed new features related to driver safety at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference on Monday in San Jose, Calif. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint SAN JOSE, Calif. – Apple nodded to several up-and-coming technology trends, unveiling a new “smart” home speaker and device features touching on virtual reality, online privacy and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The “HomePod” speaker unveiled Monday is similar to devices from rivals, some of which have been on the market for years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. It is the first new device Apple has announced in almost three years. It unveiled the Apple Watch in September 2014. Apple “can’t afford to yield valuable real estate in the heart of people’s homes to Amazon, Google and others,” said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That’s especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more “pervasive” way that’s less dependent on smartphones, he said. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google’s Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer said that 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. Keeping it real with VR: New iMacs unveiled Monday at Apple’s annual conference for software programmers are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for development virtual-reality “experiences.” But Apple is late to the game on VR. Samsung and Google already have VR systems centered on their smartphones. Facebook, HTC and Sony have high-end VR systems, too. Virtual reality has been described as the next big thing for decades. But so far, interest has been strongest among gamers, developers and hardware makers rather than everyday users. Apple’s entry into the market could change this. Its entry into digital-music sales with iTunes, and into the smartphone market with the iPhone, upended those industries and gave them mass appeal. New iPhone features: New features coming to iPhones and iPads include messages that sync to Apple servers in the cloud. These devices will only keep the most recent messages in local storage. For photos, Apple is turning to a “high efficiency” format to replace the widely used JPEG standard. Although the format is not exclusive to Apple, it’s not yet clear how well the photos will work with non-Apple software and devices, which mostly use JPEG. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. Mac gets an upgrade: Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the latest operating system for Mac computers. Called High Sierra, it recognizes more faces automatically, which should make it easier to organize photos, and will offer more photo-editing tools. Safari, Apple’s web browser, seeks to make users’ online experience smoother and less annoying. It will allow users to automatically block autoplay videos by detecting videos that shouldn’t be playing when you open a webpage to read an article, for example. The browser’s new “intelligent tracking prevention,” meanwhile, will use machine learning to identify and block digital-ad trackers in order to keep advertisers from following and profiling users. It will not block the ads themselves, though. Sizing up the iPad: Apple is introducing an iPad Pro in a new size in an attempt to revive interest in its once hot-selling line of tablets. The new 10.5-inch model offers room for a full-size keyboard, something the 9.7 inch model couldn’t. Yet it isn’t as bulky as the 12.9-inch model. With consumers less interested in buying new tablets, Apple has increased its focus on designing tablets for professionals to do much of the same work that they usually perform on a laptop computer. It’s also what Microsoft is targeting with the Surface Pro; a new model comes out June 15. The new iPad Pro also comes with a better camera — the same one found in the iPhone 7 — along with more storage, a better display and faster refreshing of moving images. The new model starts at $649 and will start shipping next week. Watch the watch: Apple is also updating the operating software for its Apple Watch, including new watch faces, more personalized alerts that use machine learning to tailor information to you based on your routines and tastes. It also enhanced its workout app to, for instance, support high intensity interval training. It will also be possible to exchange data between gym equipment and the watch. In a nod to Amazon streaming fans, Apple is also bringing Amazon Prime to its Apple TV app. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Comey: Trump sought to 'lift the cloud' of Russia investigation Edina City Council greets residential towers in 'lukewarm' fashion Oakdale middle school principal found dead in Woodbury park Expert: Officer's actions in killing Philando Castile were 'objectively unreasonable' Jesse Ventura has a new gig — on Russian television Get ready for a hot messy weekend, with temps in 90s and feeling like 100 More From Star Tribune 58 minutes ago Paddleboards' popularity surges on Standup paddleboarding , aka SUP, was the sport of the moment several summers ago for a variety of reasons. Some of them: (A) It’s fun… 1:25am Warriors just won win away from NBA title after rallying past Cavaliers Durant helps Golden State end game on 11-0 run. June 7 Golden State-Cleveland Game 3 game recap GAME 3 RECAPImpact playerKevin Durant, Golden StateThe Warriors superstar scored 31 points, including a three-pointer with 45 seconds left that gave Golden State a… June 7 Nation/world briefs Texas Court upholds ruling on unfair bail system Dozens of inmates who couldn’t afford bail were set to be released from a Houston jail after… June 7 Business briefing: Stock indexes rise, but price for oil plummets STOCKS Indexes rises, but price for oil plummets Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stocks slightly higher Wednesday, snapping a two-day losing streak for… Top Stories Comey: Trump sought to 'lift the cloud' of Russia investigation 36 minutes ago Expert: Officer's actions in killing Philando Castile were 'objectively unreasonable' Jun. 7 Oakdale middle school principal found dead in Woodbury park Jun. 7 Most Read United Airlines dispute over centuries-old violin ends in wrestling match, lawyer says Unsealed 75 years after the Battle of Midway, details of a wartime leak • Nation ARE YOU LOCAL - 8th Annual Best New Band Search! St. Paul schools' lesson: Watch your step when it's slick Paul Douglas on weather: Sunny Monday, wet Tuesday, but outlook getting better World Polls open in UK election after campaign marred by attacks Ivanka Trump's brand distances itself from China shoemaker Nation Under Trump, old deportation orders get new life New trial requested in 'Making a Murderer' case Politics Comey: Trump sought to 'lift the cloud' of Russia investigation Gov. Mark Dayton supports President Trump's paid family leave plan markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Stunned in Seattle: Two-out, two-run walk-off homer sinks Twins As blown save shows, Kintzler is a nerve-rattling closer Vikings Vikings' Murray not worried about losing a step after ankle surgery Edmond Robinson leading the charge for Chad Greenway's linebacker job MN United Minnesota United's development academy underway Just 18, Pulisic coming of age as US pursues World Cup spot Celebrities Keith Urban wins big at CMT Awards; Underwood makes history Cosby's accuser stands by her story under cross-examination Super Bowl LII Local small businesses fight for a chance to cash in on Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center poll Poll: Who is the best No. 1 draft pick in Minnesota sports history? 10,000 Takes I divorced my husband but forged a lasting bond with his ex-wife Can the 'No Buy' challenge cure my shopping habit? Featured Gallery Wander with the Kangaroos at new Mn. Zoo exhibit 23 photos At the new Minnesota Zoo Kangaroo exhibit there are no barriers limiting interaction. ... Featured Video Check out the 'Bigger, better, bolder' Children's Museum 01:38 The Minnesota Children's Museum spent 6 years and $30 million dollars designing ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World June 6 2017 Save Print Contractor Reality Winner charged for NSA leak on Russian hacking of US election Dustin Volz and Mark Hosenball facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Washington: The US Department of Justice on Monday charged a federal contractor with sending classified material to a news organisation that sources identified to Reuters as The Intercept, marking one of the first concrete efforts by the Trump administration to crack down on leaks to the media. Reality Leigh Winner, 25, was charged with removing classified material from a government facility located in Georgia. She was arrested on June 3, the Justice Department said. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next The UK goes to the polls Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:17 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:32 Farage a 'person of interest' in ... Farage a 'person of interest' in Trump-Russia investigation Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage says it's 'ridiculous' he's been labelled a 'person of interest' in a US investigation into possible collusion between Russia and Donald Trump's presidential campaign. Up Next The UK goes to the polls Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:17 Video duration 01:17 The UK goes to the polls The UK goes to the polls Voting is underway in the United Kingdom, with final polls suggesting a victory to Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party. Up Next UK's most awkward election campaign ad Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:23 Video duration 01:23 UK's most awkward election campaign ad UK's most awkward election campaign ad The internet is questioning whether UK Conservative MP, Greg Knight's campaign ad is a spoof. It's real, and well worth the watch for the homemade jingle. Up Next Leaping off the Eiffel Tower on a wire Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:02 Video duration 01:02 Leaping off the Eiffel Tower on a wire Leaping off the Eiffel Tower on a wire Thrill seekers take the plunge, leaping off the Eiffel Tower in Paris on a zip line that has been installed to celebrate the French Open tennis tournament. Up Next North Korea launches multiple cruise missiles Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:45 Video duration 00:45 North Korea launches multiple cruise ... North Korea launches multiple cruise missiles North Korea fires what appear to be several land-to-ship missiles off its east coast. Up Next Britain heads to the polls Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:35 Video duration 01:35 Britain heads to the polls Britain heads to the polls Amid security fears and terror attacks, Britain's politicians say their final words before the people cast their votes. Up Next Plane believed to have crashed in Myanmar Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 Plane believed to have crashed in Myanmar Plane believed to have crashed in Myanmar A Myanmar military plane carrying more than 100 people is believed to have crashed in southern Myanmar. Up Next The subtle art of safecracking Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 The subtle art of safecracking The subtle art of safecracking Police are searching for a man who used a stolen backhoe to try to break into an ATM in Prince George's County in Maryland. More videos Farage a 'person of interest' in Trump-Russia investigation Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage says it's 'ridiculous' he's been labelled a 'person of interest' in a US investigation into possible collusion between Russia and Donald Trump's presidential campaign. The charges were announced less than an hour after The Intercept published a top-secret document from the US National Security Agency that described Russian efforts to launch cyber attacks on at least one US voting software supplier and send "spear-phising" emails, or targeted emails that try to trick a recipient into clicking on a malicious link to steal data, to more than 100 local election officials days before the presidential election last November. The Intercept's reporting reveals new details behind the conclusion of US intelligence agencies that Russian intelligence services were seeking to infiltrate state voter registration systems as part of a broader effort to interfere in the election, discredit Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and help then Republican candidate Donald Trump win the election. Related Content Could Donald Trump stop James Comey testifying in Russia probe? Putin hints at election meddling by 'patriotic' Russians The new material does not, however, suggest that actual votes were manipulated. The Intercept, was co-founded by Glenn Greenwald, the US lawyer-turned-journalist who broke news revealing broad US surveillance programs disclosed by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden in 2013.  Advertisement Greenwald did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The Justice Department declined to comment on the case beyond its filing. Federal Bureau of Investigation did not immediately respond to a request for comment. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The National Security Agency campus in Fort Meade, Maryland. Photo: AP While the charges do not name the publication, a US official with knowledge of the case said Winner was charged with leaking the NSA report to The Intercept. A second official confirmed The Intercept document was authentic and did not dispute that the charges against Winner were directly tied to it. Winter's mother also did not immediately respond to a request for comment. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Russian President Vladimir Putin Photo: AP While partially redacted, the NSA document is marked to show it would be up for declassification on May 5, 2042. The indictment against Winner alleges she "printed and improperly removed" classified intelligence reporting that was dated "on or about May 5, 2017." Classified documents are typically due to be declassified after 25 years under an executive order signed under former President Bill Clinton. SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Reality Leigh Winner Photo: Facebook The NSA opened a facility in Augusta in 2012 at Fort Gordon, a US Army outpost. The FBI and several congressional committees are investigating how Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election and whether associated of President Donald Trump may have colluded with Russian intelligence operatives during the campaign. Trump has dismissed the allegations as "fake news," while attempting to refocus attention on leaks of information to the media. Winner graduated from basic military training at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio in 2011. Investigators determined she was one of only six individuals to print the document in question and that she had exchanged emails with the news outlet, according to the indictment. US intelligence agencies including the NSA and CIA have fallen victim to several thefts of classified material in recent years, often at the hands of a federal contractor. Reuters Related Content Dispute erupts over US House panel subpoenas for CIA, FBI Advertisement Most Popular Education the big winner from Chinese cash donations Will it be Comey's testimony v Trump's Twitter account? UK election: what you need to know Family's heartbreaking farewell before trip of a lifetime London police defend time taken to ID victims Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Wall-to-wall TV coverage for Comey evidence to Senate Comey says Trump told him: 'I need loyalty. I expect loyalty' Education the big winner from Chinese cash donations Family's heartbreaking farewell before trip of a lifetime The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Latest News Dow 21,194 +20.79 +0.10% Nasdaq 6,291 -6.59 -0.10% S&P 500 2,432 -1.29 -0.05% 10:15 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:15 A.M. ET August gold down $19.20, or 1.5%, to $1,274/oz 10:15 A.M. ET Gold futures prices trade near the session's lows on Comex 10:15 A.M. ET Updated Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way 10:12 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock surge fuels rally in department store shares 10:11 A.M. ET Updated The food-delivery startup that could have a recipe for success 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Carvana soars after first earnings report, analysts say it isn't just another used-car company 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin WATCH LIVE: Comey hearing in Senate gets under way Home Investing MarketWatch First Take Get email alerts Apple accepts reality, but can it take AR and VR to mainstream? By Therese Poletti and Therese Poletti Published: June 5, 2017 8:54 p.m. ET Share Opinion: Apple could help jump-start nascent AR consumer market Reuters Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of software engineering, speaks about augmented reality Monday in San Jose, Calif. By TheresePoletti Columnist TheresePoletti Columnist Apple Inc. finally made real its interest in the nascent markets of both augmented reality and virtual reality, a move that will likely push at least AR more into the mainstream and potentially drive future iPhone sales. At its Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif. on Monday, Apple AAPL, -0.45%  made a slew of announcements for software developers, including a home speaker to rival products by Amazon and Google. And while Apple’s costly consumer HomePod device got the most attention, Apple’s embrace of the two evolving reality-altering technologies with new software developer tools was focused on the future. Apple said the next version of its desktop operating system, Mac OS High Sierra, will have support for virtual-reality content creation for the first time, so developers can create immersive gaming, 3D and VR content on the Mac. It is also working with other virtual-reality companies, such as Unity Technologies and Epic Games, bringing their VR tools to the Mac. But its focus on augmented reality is really expected to help jump-start that young market for consumers, who have only seen augmented reality in mainstream use with the “Pokemon Go” game. Apple said as part of version 11 of its iOS for the iPhone and iPad, it will offer a developer kit called ARKit. Using the built-in cameras, powerful processors and motion sensors in Apple’s mobile devices, developers will be able to create games, shopping experiences and other apps by building virtual content on top of real-world scenes. Read: Apple bets that you’ll adopt these 3 tech habits “A lot of the industry has been waiting for someone like Apple to come in and legitimize the space,” said Tom Mainelli, an IDC analyst. “Today was the first step.” Mainelli said that the long-term future of AR, like VR, is more about futuristic geeky goggles and big screens. “For the near term, it’s going to happen on smartphones,” he said. Alphabet Inc.’s GOOG, -0.20% Google has been in this space for a while, he said. “Google Tango is a very robust AR platform. But it is very compute intensive.” Apple CEO Tim Cook has been talking about the potential for augmented reality and the iPhone for about a year, ever since he mispronounced “Pokemon Go” and made vague hints about its possibilities for Apple, but today’s news was the biggest concrete step forward in that direction. “It preserves and extends the value of the iPhone franchise,” said Frank Gillett, a Forrester Research analyst. “If they didn’t do this, I would have wondered.” Also see: Apple’s HomePod costs twice as much as Amazon’s Echo, but will it be twice as smart? Apple said that the new developer kit will be available today and that the resulting AR apps created will also run on some older iPhones — the iPhone 6S, 6S Plus, SE, 7 and 7 Plus. IDC analysts estimate that the sales of those phones combined have an approximate installed base of about 250 million to 300 million users. Any new augmented-reality-infused apps will undoubtedly run best in whatever future products Apple launches next, yet another reason for consumers to buy the next shiny iPhone. So while Apple’s moves may help launch AR into the mainstream, investors want AR to jump-start the decline in iPhone sales, which fueled Apple’s fiscal 2016 year-over-year revenue decline. With AR, Apple has dual goals: Drive iPhone sales back to growth, and give developers and consumers new experiences in its ecosystem that will keep them there. These moves are definitely the right ones amid an enormous amount of speculation, both hopeful and pessimistic, surrounding the next iPhone launch. But execution will be key. Prev Page 1 2 Next Page Quote References AAPL -0.69 -0.45% GOOG -2.00 -0.20% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.68 -0.69 (-0.45%) Volume 4.7M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.12 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 810.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $979.08 -2.00 (-0.20%) Volume 312.4K Open $982.35 High $984.57 Low $977.20 P/E Ratio 33.11 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 685.7B
REGISTER | LOGIN PROFILE | LOGOUT Sign Up / Sign In {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome Back {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Registration Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* displayName *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* addressCountry *} {* companyName *} {* eetimesJobfunction *} {* jobFunctionOther *} {* eetimesIndustry *} {* industryOther *} {* optInRegistration *} {* optAgree *} {* optShare *} {* siteName *} {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank You for Registering Please wait you will be redirected shortly. Create New Password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close About Us Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Big Data Breaking News BLOG: Intel to Strike Thunderbolt in CPUs BLOG: SCOTUS Ends Texas Patent Craze NEWS & ANALYSIS: 3DXP's Memory Role Unclear NEWS & ANALYSIS: Big Data Reshapes Silicon NEWS & ANALYSIS: Apple, Intel Attack Rivals SPONSORED: Wideband I/Q Demodulation for Zero-IF High Dynamic ... News & Analysis Apple, Amazon to Join Foxconn's Toshiba Bid Dylan McGrath 6/5/2017 09:01 PM EDT 7 comments NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet SAN FRANCISCO—Apple and Amazon will pony up to pay a portion of contract manufacturer Foxconn's bid to acquire Toshiba's semiconductor business as the consumer electronics powerhouses move to secure a steady supply of NAND flash memory, Foxconn's cheif executive told the Nikkei news service. Apple and Amazon's names have surfaced before in connection with a possible bid to buy the chip unit, which Toshiba is selling to help offset massive losses incurred by its nuclear power business in the U.S. In March, Japan's Yomiuri Shimbun reported that Apple, Google and Amazon all three their hats in the ring as potential suitors. Apple and Amazon are dependent on NAND flash memory for their consumer electronics offerings, including iPhone, iPad and the Alexa-powered Amazon Echo. Many of these products are built by Foxconn. Last week, market research firm DRAMeXchange reported that contract prices for NAND rose 20 to 25 percent in the first quarter, stabilizing the price of NAND in what is traditionally a slower time of year for memory chip sales. Foxconn reportedly bid more than $27 billion, more than any other bidder is thought to have offered, to acquire the semiconductor business of Toshiba, which is second in NAND sales worldwide behind Samsung. However, Foxconn, which is based in Taiwan and has a large number of manufacturing facilities in China, is considered a longshot to land the asset because the Japanese government is wary of giving China access to Toshiba's NAND technology. Speculation has been that the participation of Apple and Amazon could give weight and credibility to the Foxconn bid, perhaps enough to soften concerns about China. Jim Handy Other bids that are reportedly still being considered include those made by Broadcom Corp. with private private equity investor Silver Lake Partners and another by South Korea's SK Hynix. A joint bid by private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) and Innovation Network Corp. of Japan (INCJ) is also among those still being scrutinized by Toshiba and could have the inside track because of its participation by a Japanese public-private partnership. Western Digital Corp., Toshiba's partner in NAND technology development and manufacturing, has also decided to seek a smaller stake in Toshiba's chip business than originally planned, according to a report Monday (June 5) by the Japan Times. WD originally wanted to acquire a majority of the unit but has not decided to seek a 20 percent stake in an effort to reach a compromise with Toshiba, according to the report. WD last month requested an arbitration through the International Chamber of Commerce over Toshiba's plans to sell the chip business, saying Toshiba was contractually bound to seek WD's approval and give WD exclusive rights to negotiate the purchase of the business. "My take on all of this is that the investing parties may change around before the final deal is struck. Toshiba needs to face the hard reality that WD will want a say in who its next partner will be and will fight hard to have that right," said Jim Handy, a veteran memory chip analyst and principal at Objective Analysis. —Dylan McGrath is the editor-in-chief of EE Times. Related content: Apple and Google in the Memory Business? Arbitration Could Delay Toshiba NAND Sale Toshiba Rumor Mill Runs at Full Capacity Toshiba Shareholders OK Chip Unit Sale as Bidders Mount Toshiba Confirms Memory Chip Spinoff Toshiba May Sell Majority Stake in Chip Unit Hon Hai Bids $27 Billion for Toshiba Chip Unit Toshiba's NAND Future Uncertain Email This Print Comment More Related Links Intel 3D XPoint Found in Optane Module NAND Shortage Drives Price Surge DRAM Price Surge Continues Western Digital Reportedly Ups Bid for Toshiba Memory Consolidation Continues to Rewrite Chip Vendor Rankings Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Other players resistion   6/7/2017 9:35:59 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Broadcom and Western Digital starting to grab: http://asia.nikkei.com/Spotlight/Toshiba-in-Turmoil/Japan-US-team-Broadcom-lead-race-for-Toshiba-Memory Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank CEO Re: Coalition consensus realjjj   6/7/2017 4:50:26 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate The most likely scenario is that it would be just financing, something that Apple does with suppliers. A stake is far more complex, with negative implications and risks so it doesn't make much sense. EDIT: Maybe if their focus is 3D ReRAM not NAND, then holding a stake for the first few years makes sense. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Coalition consensus ubm112211   6/7/2017 3:48:36 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate just by turning the supply balance into oversupply will work. it will save them billions each year. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Coalition consensus resistion   6/7/2017 3:18:36 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Maybe they want free and exclusive NAND after contributing multiple billions of dollars. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Coalition consensus ubm112211   6/7/2017 2:34:18 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate dude, appl and z might just take 40% stake and let fxcon to run the show. in the end they just want cheap nand and don't want samsung to eat all their margin. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Coalition consensus resistion   6/6/2017 12:11:48 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate How can a coalition of self-determined players reach consensus on decisions after the purchase? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author bugs ubm112211   6/5/2017 10:42:15 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate three their hats in the ring Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 6/8/2017 12:29:39 AM TFCSD Refining his eloquent characteristic style, the team leader successfully merged the basics of motivational team building, communications, productivity, and a recent stress reduction... 6/8/2017 12:29:39 AM TFCSD Refining his eloquent characteristic style, the team leader successfully merged the basics of motivational team building, communications, productivity, and a recent stress reduction... 6/7/2017 11:23:42 PM TFCSD Sadly, screaming could not overcome years of being an airport announcer 6/7/2017 10:58:42 PM TFCSD Ready now! Productivity! 1,2,3,1,2,3,... 6/7/2017 8:35:06 PM Cowan LRA Model Hi Dylan - per the subject, based upon the SIA/WSTS's April 2017 global semiconductor sales numbers gleaned from the just posted (June 7th) SIA's HBR (April 2017), the Cowan LRA... 6/7/2017 4:13:54 PM BrainiacV It is time for the manditory team building exercises to promote individual excellence! 6/7/2017 4:08:23 PM TFCSD Our team is assembled so we've been assigned a Coxswain? 6/7/2017 3:59:53 PM TFCSD He said he was the Cox on his last team. As in Coxswain. 6/7/2017 3:49:46 PM TFCSD We said he was a coxswain, as in rowing. 6/7/2017 3:37:48 PM dt_hayden "You are so beautiful, to me ...." Navigate to Related Links Intel 3D XPoint Found in Optane Module NAND Shortage Drives Price Surge DRAM Price Surge Continues Western Digital Reportedly Ups Bid for Toshiba Memory Consolidation Continues to Rewrite Chip Vendor Rankings Cartoon Contest June 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: Can You Hear Me Now? "Your caption here!" 54 comments All Cartoons May 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Fun house" After he carelessly pressed the wrong button one time too many, the engineers devised a safe space from which their manager could 'manage'. 77 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  24   IBM Claims 5nm Nanosheet Breakthrough  23   Solid State Batteries Aim to Top Li-ion  22   Where Do You Stand on Science March?  22   Engineering Ed Stuck in the Past  18   TSMC Expects First-Half Smartphone Slump  16   DSL Pioneer Describes Terabit Future  15   5 Unresolved Issues Facing Robo-cars  15   AMD Goes Epyc for Data Centers  14   NI's New CEO: Automotive To Be Key Opportunity  14   Macron, Innovator Beyond Politics  24   IBM Claims 5nm Nanosheet Breakthrough  7   Apple, Amazon to Join Foxconn's Toshiba Bid  5   Nvidia CEO Says Moores Law Is Dead  4   Qualcomm Enters Intel PC Stronghold  4   Apple Turns Up Speakers, AR  3   18 Views of an AR World  3   Intels Passenger Economy: Whats the Point?  2   NAND Shortage Drives Price Surge  1   Dual Cameras for Image Fusion  1   March of the Touchless User Interfaces Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" ASPENCORE NETWORK EBN | EDN | EE Times | EEWeb | Electronic Products | Electronics-Tutorials | Embedded | Planet Analog | ElectroSchematics | Power Electronics News | TechOnline | Datasheets.com | Embedded Control Europe | Embedded Know How | Embedded News | IOT Design Zone | Motor Control Design | Electronics Know How | GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia | EE Times China | EE Times India | EE Times Japan | EE Times Taiwan | EDN Asia | EDN China | EDN Taiwan | EDN Japan | ESM China | Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report Disrupt NY 2017 Judah vs the Machines Gadgets Interviews News Reviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Facebook Tesla Snap News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Startup BattlefieldApplications Are Open For The Startup Battlefield Competition At Disrupt SF This September Apply Today WWDC 2017 June 5 - 9, 2017 Coverage Hardware Roli brings the rubbery Seaboard piano to its modular Blocks system Gigabyte’s AERO 15 gaming laptop comes close to displaying the correct colors That new keyboard is the key to Apple’s MacBook update Browse more... WWDC That new keyboard is the key to Apple’s MacBook update The new iOS App Store lets devs choose whether or not to reset ratings when updating Apple’s HomePod is a cautious approach to the connected home Browse more... wwdc 2017 That new keyboard is the key to Apple’s MacBook update The new iOS App Store lets devs choose whether or not to reset ratings when updating Apple’s HomePod is a cautious approach to the connected home Browse more... Apple introduces the new iPad Pro with a 10.5-inch screen and thinner bezels Posted Jun 5, 2017 by Jordan Crook (@jordanrcrook) 0 SHARES Next Story Apple’s MacBook and MacBook Pro get routine processor and SSD boost Apple just introduced the new iPad Pro. The new iPad Pro has a 10.5-inch screen, while maintaining the nearly same size as its 9.7-inch predecessors. Obviously, that means Apple has shrunk down the bezels on this bad boy considerably. That’s a 20 percent larger screen with much thinner bezels, and the tablet weighs in at just one pound. As you may remember, Apple issued a random update to the iPad in March, which essentially upped the processing power and lowered the price. The larger screen means Apple is adding a full size on-screen keyboard, as well as an external keyboard. Alongside the update to the 9.7-inch (now 10.5-inch) iPad Pro, the 13-inch model will get true tone displays with 600 nits brightness, meaning they’ll be able to handle HDR video. Plus, Apple is increasing refresh rate to 120hz, which will essentially double the animation frames and maker scrolling extra smooth. That said, Apple will preserve battery life by automatically adjusting refresh rate based on what you’re looking at. For example, if you’re watching a high frame-rate movie, you’ll likely get the full 120hz refresh rate. If you’re looking at still images, it’ll drop down to a much lower refresh rate. This offers even better latency for the Apple Pencil, dropping it down to an astounding 20ms. Apple-Liveblog0935 Apple-Liveblog0872 Apple-Liveblog0874 Apple-Liveblog0880 Apple-Liveblog0889 Apple-Liveblog0855 Apple-Liveblog0844 Apple-Liveblog0861 Apple-Liveblog0835 Apple-Liveblog0824 Apple-Liveblog0817  View Slideshow Previous Next Exit The new iPad Pro will ship with a new six-core A10x CPU, which has 30 percent faster processing power than the A9x. Plus, Apple is doubling the iPad Pro base model storage to 64GB. Battery life will still be around 10 hours, and keep the same 12 megapixel rear camera and 7 megapixel rear camera as the last generation. The new 10.5-inch iPad Pro starts at $649, with the big 12.9-inch model starting at $799, and both models will start shipping next week. In terms of software, the iPad Pro will now have a doc, with updated app-switching that shows way more apps at once. Oh, and the iPad now supports drag and drop. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report SpaceX Launching Secret Spaceplane | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes wwdc 2017 WWDC Hardware Popular Posts Featured Stories That new keyboard is the key to Apple’s MacBook update 17 hours ago | Brian Heater Uber exec is out after violating rider’s privacy 19 hours ago | Lucas Matney Here are the most well-designed apps of 2017, as picked by Apple 20 hours ago | Greg Kumparak What the hell is happening to cryptocurrency valuations? 20 hours ago | Fitz Tepper Latest From TechCrunch Where to watch the James Comey hearing online and on TV 15 minutes ago | Jordan Crook Amazon introduces a way for any TV provider or streaming service to build Alexa-powered video apps 18 minutes ago | Sarah Perez Cisco: IP traffic shoots up to 3 zettabytes by 2021, video will be 80% of it 27 minutes ago | Ingrid Lunden Algolia raises $53 million for its search engine API 43 minutes ago | Romain Dillet Comment moderation powered by Up Next Apple’s MacBook and MacBook Pro get routine processor and SSD boost Posted Jun 5, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Mobile Developer (Remote or On-Site) at iFit (Logan, UT, United States (Remote or On-Site) ​UX/UI DESIGNER AT FORD MODELS at Ford Models (New York, NY, United States) Product Development Lead - Investment Banking Technology Start-up at Ion Pacific (Israel) Managing Partner - Venture Capital at Ion Pacific (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Executive (Director) at iMerit Technology (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report Disrupt NY 2017 Judah vs the Machines All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Where to watch the James Comey hearing online and on TV 15 minutes ago by Jordan Crook Amazon introduces a way for any TV provider or streaming service to build Alexa-powered video apps 18 minutes ago by Sarah Perez Cisco: IP traffic shoots up to 3 zettabytes by 2021, video will be 80% of it 27 minutes ago by Ingrid Lunden Algolia raises $53 million for its search engine API 43 minutes ago by Romain Dillet Confirmed: Verizon will cut ~15% of AOL-Yahoo staff after merger closes 2 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Roli brings the rubbery Seaboard piano to its modular Blocks system 3 hours ago by Brian Heater Addepar raises $140 million so more of the ultra rich can know exactly what they’re doing with their money 3 hours ago by Jonathan Shieber Cognata receives $5M to speed up autonomous testing 3 hours ago by Kristen Hall-Geisler London-based Trint raises $3.1M for AI-driven transcription service 4 hours ago by Steve O'Hear Onefinestay and Space Ape Games founders join Entrepreneur First as Venture Partners 4 hours ago by Steve O'Hear
Latest News Dow 21,196 +21.81 +0.10% Nasdaq 6,291 -6.54 -0.10% S&P 500 2,432 -1.14 -0.05% 10:15 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:15 A.M. ET August gold down $19.20, or 1.5%, to $1,274/oz 10:15 A.M. ET Gold futures prices trade near the session's lows on Comex 10:15 A.M. ET Updated Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way 10:12 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock surge fuels rally in department store shares 10:11 A.M. ET Updated The food-delivery startup that could have a recipe for success 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Carvana soars after first earnings report, analysts say it isn't just another used-car company 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin WATCH LIVE: Comey hearing in Senate gets under way Home Investing MarketWatch First Take Get email alerts Apple accepts reality, but can it take AR and VR to mainstream? By Therese Poletti and Therese Poletti Published: June 5, 2017 8:54 p.m. ET Share Opinion: Apple could help jump-start nascent AR consumer market Reuters Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of software engineering, speaks about augmented reality Monday in San Jose, Calif. By TheresePoletti Columnist TheresePoletti Columnist Apple Inc. finally made real its interest in the nascent markets of both augmented reality and virtual reality, a move that will likely push at least AR more into the mainstream and potentially drive future iPhone sales. At its Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif. on Monday, Apple AAPL, -0.32%  made a slew of announcements for software developers, including a home speaker to rival products by Amazon and Google. And while Apple’s costly consumer HomePod device got the most attention, Apple’s embrace of the two evolving reality-altering technologies with new software developer tools was focused on the future. Apple said the next version of its desktop operating system, Mac OS High Sierra, will have support for virtual-reality content creation for the first time, so developers can create immersive gaming, 3D and VR content on the Mac. It is also working with other virtual-reality companies, such as Unity Technologies and Epic Games, bringing their VR tools to the Mac. But its focus on augmented reality is really expected to help jump-start that young market for consumers, who have only seen augmented reality in mainstream use with the “Pokemon Go” game. Apple said as part of version 11 of its iOS for the iPhone and iPad, it will offer a developer kit called ARKit. Using the built-in cameras, powerful processors and motion sensors in Apple’s mobile devices, developers will be able to create games, shopping experiences and other apps by building virtual content on top of real-world scenes. Read: Apple bets that you’ll adopt these 3 tech habits “A lot of the industry has been waiting for someone like Apple to come in and legitimize the space,” said Tom Mainelli, an IDC analyst. “Today was the first step.” Mainelli said that the long-term future of AR, like VR, is more about futuristic geeky goggles and big screens. “For the near term, it’s going to happen on smartphones,” he said. Alphabet Inc.’s GOOG, -0.05% Google has been in this space for a while, he said. “Google Tango is a very robust AR platform. But it is very compute intensive.” Apple CEO Tim Cook has been talking about the potential for augmented reality and the iPhone for about a year, ever since he mispronounced “Pokemon Go” and made vague hints about its possibilities for Apple, but today’s news was the biggest concrete step forward in that direction. “It preserves and extends the value of the iPhone franchise,” said Frank Gillett, a Forrester Research analyst. “If they didn’t do this, I would have wondered.” Also see: Apple’s HomePod costs twice as much as Amazon’s Echo, but will it be twice as smart? Apple said that the new developer kit will be available today and that the resulting AR apps created will also run on some older iPhones — the iPhone 6S, 6S Plus, SE, 7 and 7 Plus. IDC analysts estimate that the sales of those phones combined have an approximate installed base of about 250 million to 300 million users. Any new augmented-reality-infused apps will undoubtedly run best in whatever future products Apple launches next, yet another reason for consumers to buy the next shiny iPhone. So while Apple’s moves may help launch AR into the mainstream, investors want AR to jump-start the decline in iPhone sales, which fueled Apple’s fiscal 2016 year-over-year revenue decline. With AR, Apple has dual goals: Drive iPhone sales back to growth, and give developers and consumers new experiences in its ecosystem that will keep them there. These moves are definitely the right ones amid an enormous amount of speculation, both hopeful and pessimistic, surrounding the next iPhone launch. But execution will be key. Prev Page 1 2 Next Page Quote References AAPL -0.50 -0.32% GOOG -0.51 -0.05% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.87 -0.50 (-0.32%) Volume 3.8M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.08 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 810.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $980.57 -0.51 (-0.05%) Volume 236.0K Open $982.35 High $984.57 Low $977.20 P/E Ratio 33.11 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 685.7B
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays HomePod iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS High Sierra macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 watchOS 4 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums HomePod watchOS 4 iOS 11 iPhone 7 iPhone 8 macOS High Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air macOS Sierra iOS 10 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Belkin's $349 Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD Now Available for Purchase Monday June 5, 2017 4:52 PM PDT by Juli Clover Belkin today announced that its Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD is available for purchase on the Belkin website, in Apple retail stores, and on Apple.com. Priced at $349, Belkin's Thunderbolt 3 dock is one of the more expensive dock options available on the market, but for that price, it features an aluminum body, a stylish tapered design, 85 watts of power delivery for charging Apple's 15-inch MacBook Pro, and a range of ports. The dock includes Two Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports, three USB-A ports, one DisplayPort, a Gigabit Ethernet port, an Audio In/Out port, and a second Audio Out port. Up to five Thunderbolt devices can be daisy-chained from the dock and it offers a 170W power adapter to supply power to attached peripherals while also charging a MacBook Pro. Belkin's dock is able to support a single 5K monitor or two 4K monitors, and it supports data transfer speeds of up to 40Gb/s. We went hands-on with the Belkin Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD last week, so make sure to check out our review for more details and to see how it measures up to other Thunderbolt 3 docks. Tag: Belkin 4 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) larrylaffer 2 days ago at 08:39 pm A full size DisplayPort, really? Why does that even still exist? Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iPhone 8 Fall 2017 New design with full-front display and no Home button expected. HomePod December Siri-based speaker unveiled at WWDC, launching December 2017. iMac December High-end iMac Pro in Space Gray will start at $4999. Front Page Stories New MacBook Pro and iMac Models Available Today at Apple Stores 34 minutes ago on Front Page Apple's latest MacBook, MacBook Pro, and iMac models are now widely available at all but a few of its retail stores across the United States, and customers now have the option to reserve a model... 5 comments Teardown of New 4K 21.5-inch iMac Reveals Removable RAM and Modular CPU 3 hours ago on Front Page iFixit has published a teardown of the new 4K 21.5-inch iMac, which reveals that – surprisingly – Apple's smallest all-in-one desktop machine has both removable RAM and a Kaby Lake processor... 85 comments Apple's New Shot on iPhone Ad 'Earth' Includes Narration by Carl Sagan From His Book 'Pale Blue Dot' 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple tonight shared a new ad in its line of "Shot on iPhone" commercials, this one focused on iPhone users who have taken impressive photos and videos of vistas around the planet. ... 49 comments Hands-On With iOS 11: New Control Center, Redesigned App Store, Files App and More 17 hours ago on Front Page Following Monday's keynote event, Apple released its newest iPhone operating system, iOS 11, to developers. iOS 11 won't be available for public beta testers until June and the general... 153 comments 2017 MacBook Pro is Up to 20% Faster Than Last Year's Model in Benchmarks 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple this week refreshed its MacBook Pro lineup with Intel's seventh-generation Kaby Lake processors, and early benchmarks for the notebooks suggest the 2017 models are up to 20 percent faster... 244 comments iMac and MacBook Early Reviews: Iterative Updates With Welcome Performance Boosts 19 hours ago on Front Page At the WWDC keynote on Monday, Apple announced a collection of hardware refreshes for the MacBook, MacBook Pro, and iMac, which users are already able to order on Apple.com. Across the line of Macs,... 77 comments 2017 Apple Design Award Winners Announced: Severed, Things 3, Mushroom 11, Enlight and More 20 hours ago on Front Page Each year, Apple chooses a selection of exceptional apps and games that are given the company's coveted Apple Design Award to honor design and innovation. The 2017 design winners include... 14 comments iOS 11 Makes it Easy to Share Your Wi-Fi Password With Nearby Friends 1 day ago on Front Page With the developer beta of iOS 11 out in the wild, new features of the operating system have been coming to light throughout the week, including an unobtrusive volume indicator and new AirPods... 71 comments • iPhone's Volume Slider No Longer Covers Videos in iOS 11 (71) • iOS 11 Lets AirPods Users Change Tracks With a Double Tap (61) • iOS 11 Users to Gain More Control Over Apps' Use of Location Services (28) • Developer Access to iPhone's NFC Chip Coming in iOS 11 (87) • Apple to Phase Out 32-Bit Mac Apps Starting in January 2018 (416) • Apple's 'Planet of the Apps' Television Show Launches Tonight (94) • iOS 11 Preview: Control Center Gets Customizable With 3D Touch (206)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Lowlander 2: Lowerlander' Soft Launches in New Zealand and the Philippines Out Now: 'Monument Valley 2', 'Farming Simulator 18', 'Super Nano Jumpers', 'Astro Crash', 'The Quest - Thor's Hammer', 'Pocket Claw', 'Art of Conquest' and More 'Pathfinder Adventures' Getting a Better Tutorial, Charms, Runes, and Other Improvements 'Swing King and the Temple of Bling' Launching June 29th Latest 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Has You Discovering Cards from the Opponent's Class 'LEGO Quest & Collect' Has Soft Launched, Brings Along Plenty of Ways to Play YouTube Apple HomePod: What We Know! Hands-On with iOS 11! Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote in 7 Minutes! What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays HomePod iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS High Sierra macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 watchOS 4 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums HomePod watchOS 4 iOS 11 iPhone 7 iPhone 8 macOS High Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air macOS Sierra iOS 10 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Tim Cook Says HomePod Experience Will Blow People Away Monday June 5, 2017 5:24 PM PDT by Joe Rossignol In an interview today with Bloomberg TV, Apple CEO Tim Cook said customers will be "blown away" by the experience of the HomePod. "I think people are going to love it. I know they are," said Cook. "I think they're going to be blown away by the experience." When questioned about why a customer should choose to purchase the HomePod over the Amazon Echo or Google Home, especially considering it's the most expensive of the three, Cook said Apple's focus was on creating a "breakthrough speaker" that delivers a high-quality audio experience in the home. "What we tried to do is build something that is a breakthrough speaker first," said Cook. "Music is deep in our DNA, dating back to iTunes and iPod. We wanted something that, number one, sounded unbelievable. I think when people listen to it, they're going to be shocked over the quality of the sound." A portion of Apple CEO Tim Cook's interview with Bloomberg TV today Nevertheless, Cook acknowledged that both Apple and customers want a speaker that does more than simply play music. "Of course, it does a lot of other things, right, and all of those are important as well, but we wanted a really high-quality audio experience," said Cook. "There's a lot of things you can do with it," he added. "There's a lot of things that Siri knows how to do from the phone. We'll start with a patch of those as [Apple marketing chief] Phil [Schiller] showed today during the keynote, and then you can bet there's a nice follow-on activity there as well." Cook said Apple has been working on the HomePod for "multiple years," and as usual, it wasn't focused on being first to the market. "We didn't have the first MP3 player. We didn't have the first smartphone. We didn't have the first tablet," he said. "For us, it's not about being first. It's about being the best, and giving users an experience that delights them every time. We don't let that impatience result in shipping something that's just not great." Cook also briefly reflected on today's iOS 11 announcements, ARKit serving as a "foundation" for Apple's augmented reality efforts, and why he elected against joining U.S. President Donald Trump's various councils and committees. HomePod will be available in December for $349 in the United States, Australia, and the United Kingdom. It'll launch in other countries next year. Related Roundup: HomePod Tags: Tim Cook, Bloomberg TV 200 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) levitynyc 3 days ago at 05:25 pm I'm blown away by the price to be honest. I was in for $249. $349 is just ridiculous Rating: 24 Votes Pbrutto 3 days ago at 05:27 pm That trippy outside is giving my iPhone screen fits when I scroll..... [doublepost=1496709080][/doublepost] I'm blown away by the price to be honest. I was in for $249. $349 is just ridiculous Have to disagree, good speakers that do this really are this price and more. Alexa and others sound okay but I would never really listen to music on them and expect them to fill the room. It is a speaker that happens to have Siri. I think most people who don't follow tech will struggle with this though, probably saying something like "but the (insert assistant here) is only (blah) much." I think where I (and maybe you) struggle is that I don't need a music blasting speaker. I would get a Siri assistant for 100 though. But that's not really what Apple was making all along was it? Rating: 16 Votes craig1410 3 days ago at 05:49 pm Some people "get it" and some don't. There are speakers and SPEAKERS! Hopefully HomePod is the latter. Time will tell once they are independently reviewed. Rating: 14 Votes cjboffoli97 3 days ago at 05:39 pm I have some Bang & Olufsen wireless speakers around my house, both the A2 and A6 models. The sound quality is fine (though not nearly enough to justify their price) and they've sometimes been quirky in terms of dropping connections, etc. I've also found B&O's customer service to be really subpar. So obviously I'll be intrigued to near these new HomePods. The Siri and HomeKit integration is a great selling point. But something that I already see being missed by how the media is covering this is really the key point of appeal for me: PRIVACY. Thus far I haven't even thought about buying the comparable Amazon or Google products in this category as I don't want every interaction with this device to be commoditized by those companies. Apple's commitment to my privacy is the "high order bit" for me. Rating: 13 Votes spazzcat 3 days ago at 05:41 pm The speakers on my 12.9" iPad Pro and iPhone 7 Plus get me by just fine Speakers like this are for people that want to hear music, not listen to music. Rating: 12 Votes thadoggfather 3 days ago at 05:33 pm 349$ for a spinoff Alexa spy device? Im already "blown away" by keeping 349$ in my pocket without ANY hesitation. Rating: 11 Votes goobot 3 days ago at 05:44 pm This thing is a speaker that has Siri integrated. It's not a 50$ voice assistant. It's like comparing a flip phone to a smart phone. They aren't the same. Obviously we don't know how good of a speaker this is yet so that's what it really comes down to in order to warrant the price. It's also completely possible you're not looking for a speaker but a voice assastant so in that case this is not the device for you. Rating: 10 Votes spazzcat 3 days ago at 05:40 pm 349$ for a spinoff Alexa spy device? Im already "blown away" by keeping 349$ in my pocket without ANY hesitation. Think more of Echo + Sonos...and this prices isn't bad. Rating: 8 Votes okwhatev 3 days ago at 06:06 pm The iPod HiFI was a terrific speaker hat was insanely high quality and also expensive. This looks to be the sequel to that terrific product, only with an even better industrial design. Otherwise, this is a great looking product that will probably sound awesome. I don't get the hate at all. Apple is a luxury brand. Deal with it. Pay up or leave. Rating: 8 Votes SBlue1 3 days ago at 05:31 pm I'm blown away by the price to be honest. I was in for $249. $349 is just ridiculous Why? The Libratone Zipp is 299. This thing seems to have better audio and works with Siri. Rating: 7 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iPhone 8 Fall 2017 New design with full-front display and no Home button expected. HomePod December Siri-based speaker unveiled at WWDC, launching December 2017. iMac December High-end iMac Pro in Space Gray will start at $4999. Front Page Stories New MacBook Pro and iMac Models Available Today at Apple Stores 39 minutes ago on Front Page Apple's latest MacBook, MacBook Pro, and iMac models are now widely available at all but a few of its retail stores across the United States, and customers now have the option to reserve a model... 10 comments Teardown of New 4K 21.5-inch iMac Reveals Removable RAM and Modular CPU 3 hours ago on Front Page iFixit has published a teardown of the new 4K 21.5-inch iMac, which reveals that – surprisingly – Apple's smallest all-in-one desktop machine has both removable RAM and a Kaby Lake processor... 85 comments Apple's New Shot on iPhone Ad 'Earth' Includes Narration by Carl Sagan From His Book 'Pale Blue Dot' 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple tonight shared a new ad in its line of "Shot on iPhone" commercials, this one focused on iPhone users who have taken impressive photos and videos of vistas around the planet. ... 49 comments Hands-On With iOS 11: New Control Center, Redesigned App Store, Files App and More 17 hours ago on Front Page Following Monday's keynote event, Apple released its newest iPhone operating system, iOS 11, to developers. iOS 11 won't be available for public beta testers until June and the general... 153 comments 2017 MacBook Pro is Up to 20% Faster Than Last Year's Model in Benchmarks 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple this week refreshed its MacBook Pro lineup with Intel's seventh-generation Kaby Lake processors, and early benchmarks for the notebooks suggest the 2017 models are up to 20 percent faster... 244 comments iMac and MacBook Early Reviews: Iterative Updates With Welcome Performance Boosts 19 hours ago on Front Page At the WWDC keynote on Monday, Apple announced a collection of hardware refreshes for the MacBook, MacBook Pro, and iMac, which users are already able to order on Apple.com. Across the line of Macs,... 77 comments 2017 Apple Design Award Winners Announced: Severed, Things 3, Mushroom 11, Enlight and More 20 hours ago on Front Page Each year, Apple chooses a selection of exceptional apps and games that are given the company's coveted Apple Design Award to honor design and innovation. The 2017 design winners include... 14 comments iOS 11 Makes it Easy to Share Your Wi-Fi Password With Nearby Friends 1 day ago on Front Page With the developer beta of iOS 11 out in the wild, new features of the operating system have been coming to light throughout the week, including an unobtrusive volume indicator and new AirPods... 71 comments • iPhone's Volume Slider No Longer Covers Videos in iOS 11 (71) • iOS 11 Lets AirPods Users Change Tracks With a Double Tap (61) • iOS 11 Users to Gain More Control Over Apps' Use of Location Services (28) • Developer Access to iPhone's NFC Chip Coming in iOS 11 (87) • Apple to Phase Out 32-Bit Mac Apps Starting in January 2018 (416) • Apple's 'Planet of the Apps' Television Show Launches Tonight (94) • iOS 11 Preview: Control Center Gets Customizable With 3D Touch (206)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Lowlander 2: Lowerlander' Soft Launches in New Zealand and the Philippines Out Now: 'Monument Valley 2', 'Farming Simulator 18', 'Super Nano Jumpers', 'Astro Crash', 'The Quest - Thor's Hammer', 'Pocket Claw', 'Art of Conquest' and More 'Pathfinder Adventures' Getting a Better Tutorial, Charms, Runes, and Other Improvements 'Swing King and the Temple of Bling' Launching June 29th Latest 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Has You Discovering Cards from the Opponent's Class 'LEGO Quest & Collect' Has Soft Launched, Brings Along Plenty of Ways to Play YouTube Apple HomePod: What We Know! Hands-On with iOS 11! Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote in 7 Minutes! What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays HomePod iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS High Sierra macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 watchOS 4 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums HomePod watchOS 4 iOS 11 iPhone 7 iPhone 8 macOS High Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air macOS Sierra iOS 10 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Expands Beta Program, Will Allow Public Beta Testers to Test tvOS 11 Monday June 5, 2017 5:42 PM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today updated its Apple Beta Software Program website to announce that iOS 11, macOS High Sierra, and tvOS 11 public betas will be available for public beta testers in the near future. Apple has offered macOS and iOS public betas for several years now, giving non-developers a chance to try out new software features ahead of a public launch while also providing Apple with extra feedback, but tvOS is a new addition. For the first time, with tvOS 11, Apple plans to allow non-developers to install the beta software. To download the tvOS 11 beta, public beta testers will need to connect an Apple TV to a computer running iTunes using a USB-C cable. The tvOS software is then installed on the Apple TV using iTunes, with subsequent updates available over-the-air. The tricky installation requirements are likely the reason why previous tvOS betas haven't been made available publicly. It's not entirely clear when the tvOS beta will be made available to public beta testers, but during the keynote, Apple said iOS and macOS High Sierra would be available for public testers in late June, so that's presumably when the new public tvOS 11 beta will also be available. As for features, Apple has not yet detailed what's new in tvOS 11 and it received little coverage during the keynote event aside from the mention of a new Amazon Prime Video app that's coming to the Apple TV later this year. Related Roundups: Apple TV, tvOS 10 Buyer's Guide: Apple TV (Don't Buy) 13 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) M2M 2 days ago at 09:59 pm This lack of updates for TVOS is disturbing! Rating: 2 Votes ErikGrim 3 days ago at 06:32 pm Hold your excitement. No new features unless you count automatic light/dark switching one. Rating: 2 Votes 2010mini 3 days ago at 06:30 pm Finally!!!! Always wondered why they made tvOS dev only. Rating: 1 Votes 2010mini 2 days ago at 04:37 am This lack of updates for TVOS is disturbing! My guess is that they ran out of enthusiasm (again) for the product once it was clear that there wasn’t going to be bundled content deals. I’m really sad, because the Apple TV is probably the most used Apple product at home for us. He did say more news about tvOS was coming later. Anyone else notice that when they were talking about 4k and h.265. One of the examples they showed on screen was one of the tvOS screen savers? Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iPhone 8 Fall 2017 New design with full-front display and no Home button expected. HomePod December Siri-based speaker unveiled at WWDC, launching December 2017. iMac December High-end iMac Pro in Space Gray will start at $4999. Front Page Stories New MacBook Pro and iMac Models Available Today at Apple Stores 39 minutes ago on Front Page Apple's latest MacBook, MacBook Pro, and iMac models are now widely available at all but a few of its retail stores across the United States, and customers now have the option to reserve a model... 10 comments Teardown of New 4K 21.5-inch iMac Reveals Removable RAM and Modular CPU 3 hours ago on Front Page iFixit has published a teardown of the new 4K 21.5-inch iMac, which reveals that – surprisingly – Apple's smallest all-in-one desktop machine has both removable RAM and a Kaby Lake processor... 85 comments Apple's New Shot on iPhone Ad 'Earth' Includes Narration by Carl Sagan From His Book 'Pale Blue Dot' 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple tonight shared a new ad in its line of "Shot on iPhone" commercials, this one focused on iPhone users who have taken impressive photos and videos of vistas around the planet. ... 49 comments Hands-On With iOS 11: New Control Center, Redesigned App Store, Files App and More 17 hours ago on Front Page Following Monday's keynote event, Apple released its newest iPhone operating system, iOS 11, to developers. iOS 11 won't be available for public beta testers until June and the general... 153 comments 2017 MacBook Pro is Up to 20% Faster Than Last Year's Model in Benchmarks 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple this week refreshed its MacBook Pro lineup with Intel's seventh-generation Kaby Lake processors, and early benchmarks for the notebooks suggest the 2017 models are up to 20 percent faster... 244 comments iMac and MacBook Early Reviews: Iterative Updates With Welcome Performance Boosts 19 hours ago on Front Page At the WWDC keynote on Monday, Apple announced a collection of hardware refreshes for the MacBook, MacBook Pro, and iMac, which users are already able to order on Apple.com. Across the line of Macs,... 77 comments 2017 Apple Design Award Winners Announced: Severed, Things 3, Mushroom 11, Enlight and More 20 hours ago on Front Page Each year, Apple chooses a selection of exceptional apps and games that are given the company's coveted Apple Design Award to honor design and innovation. The 2017 design winners include... 14 comments iOS 11 Makes it Easy to Share Your Wi-Fi Password With Nearby Friends 1 day ago on Front Page With the developer beta of iOS 11 out in the wild, new features of the operating system have been coming to light throughout the week, including an unobtrusive volume indicator and new AirPods... 71 comments • iPhone's Volume Slider No Longer Covers Videos in iOS 11 (71) • iOS 11 Lets AirPods Users Change Tracks With a Double Tap (61) • iOS 11 Users to Gain More Control Over Apps' Use of Location Services (28) • Developer Access to iPhone's NFC Chip Coming in iOS 11 (87) • Apple to Phase Out 32-Bit Mac Apps Starting in January 2018 (416) • Apple's 'Planet of the Apps' Television Show Launches Tonight (94) • iOS 11 Preview: Control Center Gets Customizable With 3D Touch (206)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Lowlander 2: Lowerlander' Soft Launches in New Zealand and the Philippines Out Now: 'Monument Valley 2', 'Farming Simulator 18', 'Super Nano Jumpers', 'Astro Crash', 'The Quest - Thor's Hammer', 'Pocket Claw', 'Art of Conquest' and More 'Pathfinder Adventures' Getting a Better Tutorial, Charms, Runes, and Other Improvements 'Swing King and the Temple of Bling' Launching June 29th Latest 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Has You Discovering Cards from the Opponent's Class 'LEGO Quest & Collect' Has Soft Launched, Brings Along Plenty of Ways to Play YouTube Apple HomePod: What We Know! Hands-On with iOS 11! Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote in 7 Minutes! What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close AP Apple unveils its first new product in years with its 'HomePod' speaker Filed under Technology at 2 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now SAN JOSE, California -- Apple nodded to several up-and-coming technology trends, unveiling a new "smart" home speaker and device features touching on virtual reality, online privacy and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The "HomePod" speaker unveiled Monday is similar to devices from rivals, some of which have been on the market for years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. It is the first new device Apple has announced in almost three years. It unveiled the Apple Watch in September 2014. Apple "can't afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people's homes to Amazon, Google and others," said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That's especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more "pervasive" way that's less dependent on smarthphones, he said. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google's Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. Keeping it real with VR New iMacs unveiled Monday at Apple's annual conference for software programmers are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for development virtual-reality "experiences." But Apple is late to the game on VR. Samsung and Google already have VR systems centered on their smartphones. Facebook, HTC and Sony have high-end VR systems, too. Virtual reality has been described as the next big thing for decades. But so far, interest has been strongest among gamers, developers and hardware makers rather than everyday users. Apple's entry into the market could change this. Its entry into digital-music sales with iTunes, and into the smartphone market with the iPhone, upended those industries and gave them mass appeal. New iPhone features New features coming to iPhones and iPads include messages that sync to Apple servers in the cloud. These devices will only keep the most recent messages in local storage. For photos, Apple is turning to a "high efficiency" format to replace the widely used JPEG standard. Although the format is not exclusive to Apple, it's not yet clear how well the photos will work with non-Apple software and devices, which mostly use JPEG. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. Mac gets an upgrade Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the latest operating system for Mac computers. Called High Sierra, it recognizes more faces automatically, which should make it easier to organize photos, and will offer more photo editing tools. Safari, Apple's web browser, seeks to make users' online experience smoother and less annoying. It will allow users to automatically block auto-play videos by detecting videos that shouldn't be playing when you open a webpage to read an article, for example. The browser's new "intelligent tracking prevention," meanwhile, will use machine learning to identify and block digital-ad trackers in order to keep advertisers from following and profiling users. It will not block the ads themselves, though. Sizing up the iPad Apple is introducing an iPad Pro in a new size in an attempt to revive interest in its once hot-selling line of tablets. The new 10.5-inch model offers room for a full-size keyboard, something the 9.7 inch model couldn't. Yet it isn't as bulky as the 12.9-inch model. With consumers less interested in buying new tablets, Apple has increased its focus on designing tablets for professionals to do much of the same work that they usually perform on a laptop computer. It's also what Microsoft is targeting with the Surface Pro; a new model comes out on June 15. The new iPad Pro also comes with a better camera -- the same one found in the iPhone 7 -- along with more storage, a better display and faster refreshing of moving images. The new model starts at $649 and will start shipping next week. Watch the watch Apple is also updating the operating software for its Apple Watch, including new watch faces, more personalized alerts that use machine learning to tailor information to you based on your routines and tastes. It also enhanced its workout app to, for instance, support high intensity interval training. It will also be possible to exchange data between gym equipment and the watch. In a nod to Amazon streaming fans, Apple is also bringing Amazon Prime to its Apple TV app. View Comments Tags Technology Video Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] June 5 GOOG: 983.68 8.08 Would you buy a ‘premium’ Google Home that had better speakers like the Apple HomePod? [Poll] Justin Duino - Jun. 5th 2017 5:04 pm PT @jaduino Google Home poll View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Today, at WWDC, Apple unveiled its long-awaited “Siri speaker” which it named the HomePod. Its strange name aside, the HomePod does offer much better sound performance when compared to the Google Home and the Amazon Echo thanks to its seven built-in speakers. Would you buy a Google Home that provided a more premium speaker setup? UAG Samsung Galaxy S8 Cases On stage, Tim Cook said that Apple was going to “reinvent home music” with HomePod. The speaker is very similar to the Google Home as it has a voice assistant (Siri) built-in that can play music, answer questions, read the news, and much more. Internally, though, the HomePod differs by offering precision acoustic horns, directional sound control, and a 4-inch woofer. The tradeoff is that unlike the Google Home’s modest $130 price tag, the Apple HomePod will cost $350. For that price, someone could buy two Google Homes which offer decent sounding speakers or purchase a great sounding stand-alone speaker and plug in a Chromecast Audio for wireless music playback. So, do you think there should be a more premium version of the Google Home for better audio playback? Or would you rather just get a really nice pair of speakers that are used to only play music? Answer the poll below and let us know your thoughts in the comments! Take Our Poll Justin Duino @jaduino I’m a writer for 9to5Google with a background in IT and Android development. Follow me on Twitter to read my ramblings about tech and email me at justin@jaduino.com. Tips are always welcome. Favorite Gear Jaybird Freedom Headphones Acessorz USB-C Dock Samsung Chromebook Pro Guides Google Home View THe Guide poll View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Meet House Of Marley's Shiny New Eco-Friendly Bluetooth Headphones Augmented Reality Surgery Just Happened, For Real It's Official: Y'all Love GIFs Mobile Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices With Apps, Even After Deletion This App Means You'll Never Have An Unknown (Business) Caller Again The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard Of Yet Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine A Little Less Secret Car Tech Your Car's Tyres Could Soon Know When Roads Are Wet And Slippery Before You Do A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Australian Scientists Just Made Hydrogen Fuel Cheaper Massive Leak Of 10 Million US VIN Numbers Could Help Crooks Make Stolen Cars Look Legit Online Russian Hackers Testing Malware With Britney Spears's Instagram  Uber's CEO Searches For Enlightenment In Company Lactation Room Uber Exec Dismissed After Sharing Rape Victim's Medical Records Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza On UberEats But Received Mouldy Sandwiches Science & Health Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Scientists Weigh A Star Using Gravity, Proving Einstein Wrong By Proving Him Right Why The US Air Force Is Teaming Up With SpaceX Cameras A Gigantic 1.8 Metre Water Balloon Will Instantly Drown Your Victim British Cops Make First Arrest Using Facial Recognition Surveillance Vans Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Computing Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Would You Feel Safer If Your Self-Driving Car Could Explain Itself? If We Want Robots To Be Good, We May Need To Destroy Their Self-Confidence Gaming Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons The Trailer For Big Trouble In Little China: The Game Has Us Even More Excited To Start Playing It The Mind Behind Adventure Time Helped Craft Dungeons & Dragons' Newest Story 4D Toys Are The Best Toys Entertainment Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  Offred Goes Mission: Impossible As The Handmaid's Tale Sets The Stage For A Revolution Wonder Woman's Most Fantastic Scene Nearly Didn't Get Made At All Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off So, Who Won Our Logan Competition? Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Amazon Prime Video Is Coming To Apple TV After Years Of Delay Michael Nunez Jun 6, 2017, 10:15am ⋅ Filed to:  amazon prime apple apple tv wwdc wwdc 2017 Share After years of delay, Amazon and Apple have finally reached an agreement to bring the Amazon Prime video app to Apple TV set-top-boxes everywhere. Apple CEO Tim Cook made the announcement today at the company's annual developer conference WWDC 2017. Our Apple WWDC Keynote Liveblog Is Right Here Image. Gizmodo It's WWDC time and that means Apple's ready to show off some shiny new software. We can expect to see updates to macOS and iOS as usual. But as a special treat, the rumour mills say that Tim Cook and friends will introduce some new hardware, too. Will it be a Siri speaker? (Maybe.) Will it be a MacBook update?? (Maybe.) Will it be a new car??? (Definitely not.) Read more The app will give Amazon Prime subscribers the ability to watch Prime video content such as TV shows and movies while using an Apple TV. For the last few years, Amazon Prime subscribers were forced to watch shows using their Apple TV by using Apple AirPlay, a cumbersome workaround that involved tethering the set-top-box to another device like a MacBook or iPhone. The issue is over the fact that both Apple and Amazon want to create walled gardens for people to experience entertainment in their homes. Amazon sells various Fire TV products that bring internet video to TV sets just the way that Apple TV boxes do. Although the two streaming products have competed against each other for years, it seems that both Amazon and Apple agree that it makes more sense to just let people watch their damn TV shows. WATCH MORE: Entertainment News Comments lichbane @lichbane Jun 6, 2017, 12:25pm It's still not available on Android TV. Reply 1 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years Campbell Simpson 07 Jun 2017 9:00 AM Overnight, Foxtel gave its streaming video service a new name. The prices are the same, and for now there are no new gadgets or hardware to tempt you with. But this is just the first step in a huge transformation in the way Foxtel works and how it sits in Australia's media landscape. Foxtel Now is, at its core, a re-branding of the company's existing products, but it's also so much more -- it's the first sign we've seen of a serious commitment to the way Australia watches its TV shows and movies in 2017 and beyond. Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Campbell Simpson 06 Jun 2017 1:00 PM Logan is coming out on 4K Blu-ray and digital download this week, and to celebrate, we've got one of our most unconventional giveaways yet. Get creative and you'll be in with a chance to win the distinctive sunglasses that Laura, or X-23, wears in the movie! Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years 2 Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) 3 So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing Uber has been accused of exploiting a VAT loophole to avoid paying £40 million in tax every year © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Meet House Of Marley's Shiny New Eco-Friendly Bluetooth Headphones Augmented Reality Surgery Just Happened, For Real It's Official: Y'all Love GIFs Mobile Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices With Apps, Even After Deletion This App Means You'll Never Have An Unknown (Business) Caller Again The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard Of Yet Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine A Little Less Secret Car Tech Your Car's Tyres Could Soon Know When Roads Are Wet And Slippery Before You Do A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Australian Scientists Just Made Hydrogen Fuel Cheaper Massive Leak Of 10 Million US VIN Numbers Could Help Crooks Make Stolen Cars Look Legit Online Russian Hackers Testing Malware With Britney Spears's Instagram  Uber's CEO Searches For Enlightenment In Company Lactation Room Uber Exec Dismissed After Sharing Rape Victim's Medical Records Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza On UberEats But Received Mouldy Sandwiches Science & Health Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Scientists Weigh A Star Using Gravity, Proving Einstein Wrong By Proving Him Right Why The US Air Force Is Teaming Up With SpaceX Cameras A Gigantic 1.8 Metre Water Balloon Will Instantly Drown Your Victim British Cops Make First Arrest Using Facial Recognition Surveillance Vans Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Computing Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Would You Feel Safer If Your Self-Driving Car Could Explain Itself? If We Want Robots To Be Good, We May Need To Destroy Their Self-Confidence Gaming Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons The Trailer For Big Trouble In Little China: The Game Has Us Even More Excited To Start Playing It The Mind Behind Adventure Time Helped Craft Dungeons & Dragons' Newest Story 4D Toys Are The Best Toys Entertainment Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  Offred Goes Mission: Impossible As The Handmaid's Tale Sets The Stage For A Revolution Wonder Woman's Most Fantastic Scene Nearly Didn't Get Made At All Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off So, Who Won Our Logan Competition? Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Uh, Apple, Did You Think This Through? Adam Clark Estes Jun 6, 2017, 10:30am ⋅ Filed to:  2001 a space odyssey apple hal 9000 homepod video feature wwdc wwdc 2017 Share The crowd cheered in California this morning, when Apple announced HomePod, a new smart speaker armed with Siri, the company's virtual assistant. Minutes later, an image of the product appeared on Apple's website and, well, holy crap, it looks just like HAL 9000! Is Apple screwing with us? Image: Apple / Gizmodo The resemblance is almost too uncanny. Of course, the new HomePod doesn't normally look like an all-seeing eye of artificially intelligent doom. It normally looks like a very handsome speaker product, as it should. Still, the promo shot on the Apple Store website shows a bird's eye view of the speaker which features the colourful Siri waveform in the centre. Apple says this dynamic image "appears on the top to indicate when Siri is engaged" and the surface offers "integrated touch controls also allow easy navigation". In other words, the glowing orb responds, when you're talking to it, just like HAL 9000. It's almost impossible to imagine that Apple overlooked the resemblance between this view of the HomePod and the murderous AI from Stanley Kubrick's space opera, 2001: A Space Odyssey. It wouldn't even be the first time that Apple's nodded at HAL. Back in 2011, when Apple first released Siri, you could ask the virtual assistant to "open the pod bay doors", and Siri would sometimes respond, "We intelligent agents will never live that down, apparently." Sometimes Siri would even quote HAL and say, "I'm sorry, Adam, I'm afraid I can't do that." Which is funny because that's the point in the film, where the main character realises the robot is trying to kill him. Jokes aside, the HAL 9000 visual reference does remind us that Apple now wants to install artificial intelligence and microphones into homes around the world. According to Apple, the HomePod only sends audio back to its servers once you've said, "Hey Siri," and even then, the data is encrypted. Nevertheless, it's unclear exactly how much of your behavioural data Apple is recording and storing with the latest Siri updates, although the company says this data is stored locally on the Siri-powered device. So it's not like your HomePod is going to go haywire, lock all the doors, and refuse to let you turn the lights on. But if you've seen 2001, you know that artificial intelligence can develop a mind of its own. Comments JKR Guest Jun 6, 2017, 10:44am HomePod....... HomePod..... HomePod. Nope still doesn't sound right. Reply 0 grim @grim Jun 6, 2017, 10:52am "Open the HomePod doors HAL, open the HomePod doors!" Reply 3 moabboy @moabboy Jun 6, 2017, 12:59pm "I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I can't do that" Reply 0 zak @zak Jun 6, 2017, 2:10pm #Siri, Siri, give me your answer do. I'm half crazy all for the love of you...# Reply 0 hamish77 @hamish77 Jun 6, 2017, 11:04am Hal being evil is purely in the eye of the beholder. Reply 0 mraedge @mraedge Jun 6, 2017, 11:14am HomePod... really? Goofy much? "Oh-pwen thwa HomStwar Run-or dwoors. Siri-ously." Reply 0 mattyman @mattyman Jun 6, 2017, 11:29am With a name like HomePod I expected it to have some googly eyes. Reply 0 pformagg @pformagg Jun 6, 2017, 11:57am I would have gone will Apple Home Reply 0 Jackson Bison @jacksonbison Jun 6, 2017, 12:04pm The real problem they didn't think through was arming it with Siri. Reply 0 death_au @death_au Jun 6, 2017, 1:59pm Ugh! Apple copying Microsoft again! http://tech.firstpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/hal-cortana-microsoft.jpg Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years Campbell Simpson 07 Jun 2017 9:00 AM Overnight, Foxtel gave its streaming video service a new name. The prices are the same, and for now there are no new gadgets or hardware to tempt you with. But this is just the first step in a huge transformation in the way Foxtel works and how it sits in Australia's media landscape. Foxtel Now is, at its core, a re-branding of the company's existing products, but it's also so much more -- it's the first sign we've seen of a serious commitment to the way Australia watches its TV shows and movies in 2017 and beyond. Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Campbell Simpson 06 Jun 2017 1:00 PM Logan is coming out on 4K Blu-ray and digital download this week, and to celebrate, we've got one of our most unconventional giveaways yet. Get creative and you'll be in with a chance to win the distinctive sunglasses that Laura, or X-23, wears in the movie! Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years 2 Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) 3 So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing Uber has been accused of exploiting a VAT loophole to avoid paying £40 million in tax every year © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Latest News Dow 21,194 +20.77 +0.10% Nasdaq 6,291 -6.54 -0.10% S&P 500 2,432 -1.36 -0.06% 10:17 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:15 A.M. ET August gold down $19.20, or 1.5%, to $1,274/oz 10:15 A.M. ET Gold futures prices trade near the session's lows on Comex 10:15 A.M. ET Updated Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way 10:12 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock surge fuels rally in department store shares 10:11 A.M. ET Updated The food-delivery startup that could have a recipe for success 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Carvana soars after first earnings report, analysts say it isn't just another used-car company 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin WATCH LIVE: Comey hearing in Senate gets under way Home Investing MarketWatch First Take Get email alerts Apple accepts reality, but can it take AR and VR to mainstream? By Therese Poletti and Therese Poletti Published: June 5, 2017 8:54 p.m. ET Share Opinion: Apple could help jump-start nascent AR consumer market Reuters Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of software engineering, speaks about augmented reality Monday in San Jose, Calif. By TheresePoletti Columnist TheresePoletti Columnist Apple Inc. finally made real its interest in the nascent markets of both augmented reality and virtual reality, a move that will likely push at least AR more into the mainstream and potentially drive future iPhone sales. At its Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif. on Monday, Apple AAPL, -0.46%  made a slew of announcements for software developers, including a home speaker to rival products by Amazon and Google. And while Apple’s costly consumer HomePod device got the most attention, Apple’s embrace of the two evolving reality-altering technologies with new software developer tools was focused on the future. Apple said the next version of its desktop operating system, Mac OS High Sierra, will have support for virtual-reality content creation for the first time, so developers can create immersive gaming, 3D and VR content on the Mac. It is also working with other virtual-reality companies, such as Unity Technologies and Epic Games, bringing their VR tools to the Mac. But its focus on augmented reality is really expected to help jump-start that young market for consumers, who have only seen augmented reality in mainstream use with the “Pokemon Go” game. Apple said as part of version 11 of its iOS for the iPhone and iPad, it will offer a developer kit called ARKit. Using the built-in cameras, powerful processors and motion sensors in Apple’s mobile devices, developers will be able to create games, shopping experiences and other apps by building virtual content on top of real-world scenes. Read: Apple bets that you’ll adopt these 3 tech habits “A lot of the industry has been waiting for someone like Apple to come in and legitimize the space,” said Tom Mainelli, an IDC analyst. “Today was the first step.” Mainelli said that the long-term future of AR, like VR, is more about futuristic geeky goggles and big screens. “For the near term, it’s going to happen on smartphones,” he said. Alphabet Inc.’s GOOG, -0.20% Google has been in this space for a while, he said. “Google Tango is a very robust AR platform. But it is very compute intensive.” Apple CEO Tim Cook has been talking about the potential for augmented reality and the iPhone for about a year, ever since he mispronounced “Pokemon Go” and made vague hints about its possibilities for Apple, but today’s news was the biggest concrete step forward in that direction. “It preserves and extends the value of the iPhone franchise,” said Frank Gillett, a Forrester Research analyst. “If they didn’t do this, I would have wondered.” Also see: Apple’s HomePod costs twice as much as Amazon’s Echo, but will it be twice as smart? Apple said that the new developer kit will be available today and that the resulting AR apps created will also run on some older iPhones — the iPhone 6S, 6S Plus, SE, 7 and 7 Plus. IDC analysts estimate that the sales of those phones combined have an approximate installed base of about 250 million to 300 million users. Any new augmented-reality-infused apps will undoubtedly run best in whatever future products Apple launches next, yet another reason for consumers to buy the next shiny iPhone. So while Apple’s moves may help launch AR into the mainstream, investors want AR to jump-start the decline in iPhone sales, which fueled Apple’s fiscal 2016 year-over-year revenue decline. With AR, Apple has dual goals: Drive iPhone sales back to growth, and give developers and consumers new experiences in its ecosystem that will keep them there. These moves are definitely the right ones amid an enormous amount of speculation, both hopeful and pessimistic, surrounding the next iPhone launch. But execution will be key. Prev Page 1 2 Next Page Quote References AAPL -0.71 -0.46% GOOG -2.00 -0.20% Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.66 -0.71 (-0.46%) Volume 4.7M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.12 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 810.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $979.08 -2.00 (-0.20%) Volume 312.2K Open $982.35 High $984.57 Low $977.20 P/E Ratio 33.11 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 685.7B
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Meet House Of Marley's Shiny New Eco-Friendly Bluetooth Headphones Augmented Reality Surgery Just Happened, For Real It's Official: Y'all Love GIFs Mobile Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices With Apps, Even After Deletion This App Means You'll Never Have An Unknown (Business) Caller Again The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard Of Yet Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine A Little Less Secret Car Tech Your Car's Tyres Could Soon Know When Roads Are Wet And Slippery Before You Do A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Australian Scientists Just Made Hydrogen Fuel Cheaper Massive Leak Of 10 Million US VIN Numbers Could Help Crooks Make Stolen Cars Look Legit Online Russian Hackers Testing Malware With Britney Spears's Instagram  Uber's CEO Searches For Enlightenment In Company Lactation Room Uber Exec Dismissed After Sharing Rape Victim's Medical Records Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza On UberEats But Received Mouldy Sandwiches Science & Health Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Scientists Weigh A Star Using Gravity, Proving Einstein Wrong By Proving Him Right Why The US Air Force Is Teaming Up With SpaceX Cameras A Gigantic 1.8 Metre Water Balloon Will Instantly Drown Your Victim British Cops Make First Arrest Using Facial Recognition Surveillance Vans Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Computing Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Would You Feel Safer If Your Self-Driving Car Could Explain Itself? If We Want Robots To Be Good, We May Need To Destroy Their Self-Confidence Gaming Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons The Trailer For Big Trouble In Little China: The Game Has Us Even More Excited To Start Playing It The Mind Behind Adventure Time Helped Craft Dungeons & Dragons' Newest Story 4D Toys Are The Best Toys Entertainment Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  Offred Goes Mission: Impossible As The Handmaid's Tale Sets The Stage For A Revolution Wonder Woman's Most Fantastic Scene Nearly Didn't Get Made At All Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off So, Who Won Our Logan Competition? Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Apple's New iPad Pro: Australian Price & Release Date Campbell Simpson Jun 6, 2017, 10:45am ⋅ Filed to:  apple apple ipad apple ipad pro Australian Stories ipad pro tablets Share Image: Apple Apple's laptop-replacing keyboard-slate, the iPad Pro, has been one of the best all-round tablets you can buy since it was launched. The new one is 30 per cent faster, has a bigger screen in the same footprint, and is twice as smooth to draw on or play games with. Keen? Here's how much it'll cost and when it'll drop in Australia. Apple's New iPad Pro Takes A Stride Towards Killing Bezels If you're curious about what the 10th Anniversary iPhone might look like this spring, then there might be some hints in the new iPad Pro. The most enduring iPhone rumours suggest that Apple is coming for the bezel, and the new iPad might just be a precursor to that massacre. Apple has killed the 9.7-inch iPad, but announced a new 10.5-inch iPad, that will have the same footprint with a lot less bezel. Read more iOS 11: All The Cool New Features Coming To Your iPhone And iPad Can you believe Apple's iOS is 11 iterations old already? It seems like just yesterday we were excited about the prospect of an app store, or the ability to select and copy text. At today's WWDC keynote, Apple revealed a host of updates and upgrades to iOS, including many longtime requested features. Read more Here's a quick run-down of Apple's pricing for its two new pro-level tablets: Apple iPad Pro, 10.5-inch: Apple iPad Pro (64GB, Wi-Fi): $979 Apple iPad Pro (256GB, Wi-Fi): $1129 Apple iPad Pro (512GB, Wi-Fi): $1429 Apple iPad Pro (64GB, Cellular + Wi-Fi): $1179 Apple iPad Pro (256GB, Cellular + Wi-Fi): $1329 Apple iPad Pro (512GB, Cellular + Wi-Fi): $1629 Apple iPad Pro, 12.9-inch: Apple iPad Pro (64GB, Wi-Fi): $1199 Apple iPad Pro (256GB, Wi-Fi): $1349 Apple iPad Pro (512GB, Wi-Fi): $1649 Apple iPad Pro (64GB, Cellular + Wi-Fi): $1399 Apple iPad Pro (256GB, Cellular + Wi-Fi): $1549 Apple iPad Pro (512GB, Cellular + Wi-Fi): $1849 Accessories: The Apple Pencil will set you back $145, while a Smart Keyboard is $235 for a 10.5-inch and $245 for a 12.9-inch. There's a new leather sleeve ($189 for 10.5-inch, $219 for 12.9-inch) and a new Apple Pencil Case ($45). There are also new Smart Covers in polyurethane and leather for the 10.5-inch ($75 and $105 respectively) and for the 12.9-inch ($89 and $129 respectively). All this new kit will be available to order from today on Apple's website, and deliveries and in-store purchases will start next week. [Apple] WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments JoeP Guest Jun 6, 2017, 10:57am How does pricing compare to last year's models on release? Reply 0 comphelp @comphelp Jun 6, 2017, 12:00pm $200 for cellular seems steep. I thought it was $130 before. Reply 0 camreeves @camreeves Jun 6, 2017, 1:14pm It was $130, but did rise to $200 across the board at least a few months ago when I checked out ipad mini replacement pricing. Apple does the price bump so well, and yet I thought technology was supposed to get cheaper over time. Reply 0 comphelp @comphelp Jun 6, 2017, 2:20pm Thanks. I didn't think I was going mad. I'm certainly disappointed by the price rise. When you look at those bill of material sites, the cellular chips costs them very little. It's pure profit. That price sure makes tethering look attractive. Reply 0 tazza @tazza Jun 6, 2017, 1:43pm I haven't really been keeping up on the iPads - can someone explain what the selling point of the pro is over the regular iPad? Is it just processing power? Reply 0 targeting compoita @poita Jun 6, 2017, 2:01pm Not sure, but better screen, faster, better camera and can use the pencil. Reply 0 lunchbox99 @lunchbox99 Jun 6, 2017, 2:02pm I think you should look at this: https://www.apple.com/au/ipad/compare/ Basically the new pro line has A10x cpu, whereas the budget model has an A9. Reply 0 Zeugma Guest Jun 6, 2017, 5:18pm ...and still has the Lightning slow port. I did a backup of my 256 gb iPad Pro over the weekend as the 208gb of used space was killing the OS. Took just over 9 hours to copy off... With a lot of lost files that were corrupted as a result, and also not being able to use it for that whole time.. Meanwhile my galaxy tablet backup of its 200gb micro SD card took seconds to swap over a new 200gb card allowing me to use it immediately, and less that 2 hours to copy/verify to disk of the old card. And wow... iOS is finally getting a "file system" which isn't really a file system, unlike android which has always had one. Reply 0 looknsee Guest Jun 6, 2017, 7:45pm Seriously... $979 for the cheapest... when the basic ipad is $599 for the 128gb model. almost double, doubt its double the value Reply 0 mucows @mucows Jun 7, 2017, 6:14pm oh jezz those prices.... Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years Campbell Simpson 07 Jun 2017 9:00 AM Overnight, Foxtel gave its streaming video service a new name. The prices are the same, and for now there are no new gadgets or hardware to tempt you with. But this is just the first step in a huge transformation in the way Foxtel works and how it sits in Australia's media landscape. Foxtel Now is, at its core, a re-branding of the company's existing products, but it's also so much more -- it's the first sign we've seen of a serious commitment to the way Australia watches its TV shows and movies in 2017 and beyond. Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Campbell Simpson 06 Jun 2017 1:00 PM Logan is coming out on 4K Blu-ray and digital download this week, and to celebrate, we've got one of our most unconventional giveaways yet. Get creative and you'll be in with a chance to win the distinctive sunglasses that Laura, or X-23, wears in the movie! Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years 2 Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) 3 So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing Uber has been accused of exploiting a VAT loophole to avoid paying £40 million in tax every year © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan WWDC 2017: Apple gives Siri top billing on watchOS 4, Apple Watch ​Siri is being positioned as a more proactive helper on the Apple Watch. Apple is talking about Siri like Amazon and Google talk about their assistants. By Larry Dignan for Between the Lines | June 5, 2017 -- 17:40 GMT (10:40 PDT) | Topic: Enterprise Software WWDC recap: Apple unveils iOS 11,iMac Pro, a new iPad Pro and HomePod Apple outlined its watchOS 4 -- and the aim is to provide more information via Siri, notifications, and a format that rhymes with Google Now's card approach. Simply put, Apple is riffing on Siri and the Apple Watch just like Amazon and Google talk about Alexa and Google Assistant, respectively. WatchOS 4 is in developer preview now. Apple Watch, tied for No. 1 in IDC's wearable device tracker for the first quarter, is getting more functionality via watchOS 4. Read also: Apple's to-do list needs a dose of AI | CNET: WWDC 2017 live blog Among the key items: Siri is being positioned as a more proactive helper on the Apple Watch. Kevin Lynch, chief of Apple's software efforts, highlighted a new watch face that was "powered by Siri intelligence." Of course, Apple highlighted new watch faces, but the big theme for the watchOS was to provide more information and data at a glance. Health was another key theme. Activity, one of the most frequently used apps, will add challenges and inspiration to get to goals. Another key item is that Apple has added partnerships so health equipment can communicate with exercise machines. Algorithms were also added for high intensity workouts. The music app was also revamped, with the aim of delivering more data and music at a glance. A playlist will automatically start with a workout. On the backend, watchOS 4 gets more support for apps in the background, better responsiveness and core Bluetooth. The Bluetooth support means the Apple Watch will work with glucose monitors and sports trackers as well as other devices. Scenes from the Apple WWDC 2017 keynote... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 96 NEXT PREV WWDC 2017 highlights The big takeaways for technology pros macOS's new file system Hands-on with the new iPad Pro HomePod is too little, too late and too expensive iOS 11 revealed with more Siri smarts, AR support Mac updates, Mac OS High Sierra target VR developers Apple launches augmented reality developer tools Apple announces new iMac range, powers up the MacBook Siri gets top billing on watchOS 4, Apple Watch Apple reveals macOS refresh, High Sierra Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud LogMeIn launches Bold360 CRM suite, faces crowded market Storage ATO SAN could not handle more than one drive or cage failure thanks to HPE design Enterprise Software ​One of the first computer games is born again in open source Enterprise Software Rimini Street to offer database, security services × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Search Search Facebook Twitter Newsletter Linkedin Sections Secondary menu Trending Apple Watch Kodi Oculus Rift Samsung Galaxy S7 Sky Q iPad Pro iPhone 7 Hands-on with Apple’s 10.5-inch iPad Pro: Bye bye bezels Apple Apple’s new 10.5-inch iPad Pro is made with iOS 11 in mind Thomas McMullan @thomas_mac 5 Jun 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email Earlier today Apple unveiled a new version of the iPad Pro, measuring in at 10.5 inches. We got some time with the device, with a chance to try out some features in iOS 11, as well as the company’s new augmented reality platform. Design-wise, the 10.5-inch iPad Pro is very much like its 9.7-inch sibling. While its body is fractionally larger, it gets the most of its display thanks to newly slimmed bezels; down by 40%. It’s not quite on par with the Samsung Galaxy S8’s approach to bezel-less “infinity display” design, but the screen real estate feels substantial. Importantly, it also weighs the same as the 9.7-inch model, at 1 pound. See related  HomePod first look: Apple’s Siri speaker wants to kill Alexa Apple’s iPad Pro family just got a middle brother Apple overhauls its iMac and MacBook range at WWDC 2017 Inside the 10.5-inch iPad Pro is a new 64-bit A10X Fusion chip, while the display is allegedly 50% brighter than those in older models. At a glance, the colours on the iPad Pro screen really stand out, and the new 120Hz refresh rate makes working with the Apple Pencil feel responsive – at least for a few minutes. I was able to use the 10.5-inch iPad to try a demo of Apple’s new augmented reality platform for developers, called ARKit. Pitched as the largest AR platform in the world, the idea is that app-makers will be able to make use of the iPad’s built-in camera and motion sensors to make virtual experiences for gaming, industry, etc. In the demo, I was able to move some pre-rendered objects – including a candle and a vase – around a real-world table. ARKit was able to automatically judge the size and depth of the physical object, and adeptly layer the AR paraphernalia on top. The second part of the demo showed a similar process in action, this time with a Star Wars-themed game of chess. It was a fun, albeit superficial example of how AR could work with the iPad, and I’m interested to see how developers take this in more meaningful directions. As far as the 10.5-inch iPad Pro goes, the balance between screen size and weight made it easy to wield the tablet like a window into an AR world, although I’m not yet sure I fancy doing this for extended periods of time. I was also able to briefly try some of iOS 11 features for the iPad Pro. We’ll have a fuller account of iOS 11’s various features for you soon, but my quick experience was that the new multitasking tools work a charm. Particularly useful was the ability to drag and drop apps as floating sidebars that snap onto the side of the screen. You can also drag and drop content such as text or images between apps, while Files lets you use multi-touch to grab multiple thumbnails and shift them about as a single group. Apple has been keen to present the iPad as a professional device, despite declining sales over the past year. With a newly tweaked model, coupled with a greater focus on multitasking in iOS 11, the 10.5-inch iPad Pro – starting from £619 in the UK – could be the model to really push that vision.   Read more about: Tablets You are here: Home Apple Hands-on with Apple’s 10.5-inch iPad Pro: Bye bye bezels Most Popular Draw the cats of your nightmares using machine learning 24 Feb 2017 Art Future supreme court justice stumped by Reddit meme 22 Mar 2017 Politics i.Con wants to be the Fitbit for your penis 3 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Netflix’s interactive experiment is (a) Good (b) Bad 9 Mar 2017 Netflix This e-paper wall calendar prototype is simple but brilliant 23 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Here's how to get the latest version of Kodi 19 May 2017 Software Huawei MateBook X review: almost the perfect ultraportable 4 5 Jun 2017 Intel Tesla Model 3: All you need to know 23 May 2017 Cars 63 Android apps you need: Supercharge your phone 2 Jun 2017 Google The 14 essential PS4 games to own in 2017 30 May 2017 Sony Technology Devices, software, wearables and more iOS 11 on iPad — First impressions iOS is a major update across the board – but for the iPad, it’s a game changer 8 Jun 2017 Apple Prowling in Paris: Jaguar’s hunt for Formula E points Panasonic Jaguar Racing's team director James Barclay gives Alphr the inside track 8 Jun 2017 Cars Tesla Model Y: Elon Musk's new SUV revealed. Sort of The Tesla Model Y will be here by 2020 8 Jun 2017 Cars Audi wants to answer the ethical dilemmas of driverless cars Audi's Beyond initiative will help answer the question nobody wants to ask 7 Jun 2017 Cars Business How technology is changing your work HeadBox signs up Dentsu Aegis for personalised platform HeadBox, the "Airbnb for venues" has signed up a major corporate client 8 Jun 2017 Startups 7 observations from the IoT World Forum 2017 Cisco’s Internet of Things World Forum was a timely reminder of just how big IoT is… and how much bigger it can get 26 May 2017 Business Just a few days left to apply for Apple's Developer Academy Apple’s first European Academy will be providing training on iOS development to those from a wealth of backgrounds 26 May 2017 Apple Raspberry Pi just extended its reach for young coders Raspberry Pi’s new merger gives it the scope to reach 185,000 children across the globe 26 May 2017 Raspberry Pi Science Developments from the frontiers of science Annoy a raven, and it’ll shun you for at least a month Quoth the raven: “Nevermore... am I trusting you, you big jerk” 7 Jun 2017 Bioscience The clever tech keeping South African rhinos alive Rhino poaching rates have dropped 96% in a year 5 Jun 2017 Environment Scientists read monkey minds to draw precise human portraits Facial reconstructions created by reading brainwaves are astonishingly close 5 Jun 2017 Bioscience "Miracle material" could end smashed smartphones Research creates new material that could make more durable devices and boost battery life 5 Jun 2017 Science Cars The cutting edge of automotive technology Prowling in Paris: Jaguar’s hunt for Formula E points Panasonic Jaguar Racing's team director James Barclay gives Alphr the inside track 8 Jun 2017 Cars Tesla Model Y: Elon Musk's new SUV revealed. Sort of The Tesla Model Y will be here by 2020 8 Jun 2017 Cars Audi wants to answer the ethical dilemmas of driverless cars Audi's Beyond initiative will help answer the question nobody wants to ask 7 Jun 2017 Cars New Jaguar I-Pace Concept: All you need to know This all-electric Jaguar SUV is coming VERY soon 5 Jun 2017 Cars Life & Culture How technology is changing our everyday lives Labour is winning the fight for Google searches Google searches seem to follow the broad narrative of the election campaign so far 7 Jun 2017 Politics Russia 'hacked voting systems before US election' Voter registration official also targeted by nation state - report 6 Jun 2017 Politics Wipeout Omega Collection is the series at its absolute best 5 Sony brings back its oldest IP in a blaze of 4K HDR glory 5 Jun 2017 Games Theresa May calls for internet crackdown in light of attack Former home secretary returns to the encryption battle again 5 Jun 2017 Politics The Future The world of 20 years from now Microsoft has built a holographic display for your glasses Move over HoloLens – this is the future of augmented-reality glasses 22 May 2017 Microsoft Microsoft CEO: It’s a developer's duty to prevent dystopia Microsoft’s CEO highlights Nineteen Eighty-Four and A Brave New World as examples of futures best avoided 11 May 2017 The Future Skyscraper competition gives a glimpse of the future Winners of international competition show utopian visions for futuristic cities 28 Apr 2017 The Future Neuralink: Musk's new plan to turn us into computers Neuralink might be the most sci-fi project yet from Elon Musk 28 Mar 2017 The Future Latest Reviews iOS 11 on iPad — First impressions 8 Jun 2017 Apple HTC U11 review: A fantastic phone, beyond the gimmick 7 Jun 2017 HTC Wipeout Omega Collection is the series at its absolute best 5 Jun 2017 Games Huawei MateBook X review: almost the perfect ultraportable 5 Jun 2017 Intel Tekken 7 review: Faster, Stronger, Sillier 2 Jun 2017 Games DJI Spark review: Hands-on with the ultimate selfie drone 2 Jun 2017 Technology Lexus LC500h review: We drive the best Lexus hybrid yet 1 Jun 2017 Cars Nokia 3310 review: A millennium throwback best left there 1 Jun 2017 Nokia BMW i8 review: Hybrid power redefines the supercar 25 May 2017 Cars New Nissan Micra review: Tech trickle down is happening 24 May 2017 Cars Lightning McQueen is Sphero's best robot yet 24 May 2017 Technology Ford Kuga review (2017): Solid tech in an affordable package 23 May 2017 Cars Back to top Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Newsletter About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Latest News Dow 21,193 +19.18 +0.09% Nasdaq 6,291 -6.56 -0.10% S&P 500 2,432 -1.40 -0.06% 10:17 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:15 A.M. ET August gold down $19.20, or 1.5%, to $1,274/oz 10:15 A.M. ET Gold futures prices trade near the session's lows on Comex 10:15 A.M. ET Updated Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way 10:12 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock surge fuels rally in department store shares 10:11 A.M. ET Updated The food-delivery startup that could have a recipe for success 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Carvana soars after first earnings report, analysts say it isn't just another used-car company 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin WATCH LIVE: Comey hearing in Senate gets under way Home Investing MarketWatch First Take Get email alerts Apple accepts reality, but can it take AR and VR to mainstream? By Therese Poletti and Therese Poletti Published: June 5, 2017 8:54 p.m. ET Share Opinion: Apple could help jump-start nascent AR consumer market Reuters Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of software engineering, speaks about augmented reality Monday in San Jose, Calif. By TheresePoletti Columnist TheresePoletti Columnist Apple Inc. finally made real its interest in the nascent markets of both augmented reality and virtual reality, a move that will likely push at least AR more into the mainstream and potentially drive future iPhone sales. At its Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif. on Monday, Apple AAPL, -0.47%  made a slew of announcements for software developers, including a home speaker to rival products by Amazon and Google. And while Apple’s costly consumer HomePod device got the most attention, Apple’s embrace of the two evolving reality-altering technologies with new software developer tools was focused on the future. Apple said the next version of its desktop operating system, Mac OS High Sierra, will have support for virtual-reality content creation for the first time, so developers can create immersive gaming, 3D and VR content on the Mac. It is also working with other virtual-reality companies, such as Unity Technologies and Epic Games, bringing their VR tools to the Mac. But its focus on augmented reality is really expected to help jump-start that young market for consumers, who have only seen augmented reality in mainstream use with the “Pokemon Go” game. Apple said as part of version 11 of its iOS for the iPhone and iPad, it will offer a developer kit called ARKit. Using the built-in cameras, powerful processors and motion sensors in Apple’s mobile devices, developers will be able to create games, shopping experiences and other apps by building virtual content on top of real-world scenes. Read: Apple bets that you’ll adopt these 3 tech habits “A lot of the industry has been waiting for someone like Apple to come in and legitimize the space,” said Tom Mainelli, an IDC analyst. “Today was the first step.” Mainelli said that the long-term future of AR, like VR, is more about futuristic geeky goggles and big screens. “For the near term, it’s going to happen on smartphones,” he said. Alphabet Inc.’s GOOG, -0.20% Google has been in this space for a while, he said. “Google Tango is a very robust AR platform. But it is very compute intensive.” Apple CEO Tim Cook has been talking about the potential for augmented reality and the iPhone for about a year, ever since he mispronounced “Pokemon Go” and made vague hints about its possibilities for Apple, but today’s news was the biggest concrete step forward in that direction. “It preserves and extends the value of the iPhone franchise,” said Frank Gillett, a Forrester Research analyst. “If they didn’t do this, I would have wondered.” Also see: Apple’s HomePod costs twice as much as Amazon’s Echo, but will it be twice as smart? Apple said that the new developer kit will be available today and that the resulting AR apps created will also run on some older iPhones — the iPhone 6S, 6S Plus, SE, 7 and 7 Plus. IDC analysts estimate that the sales of those phones combined have an approximate installed base of about 250 million to 300 million users. Any new augmented-reality-infused apps will undoubtedly run best in whatever future products Apple launches next, yet another reason for consumers to buy the next shiny iPhone. So while Apple’s moves may help launch AR into the mainstream, investors want AR to jump-start the decline in iPhone sales, which fueled Apple’s fiscal 2016 year-over-year revenue decline. With AR, Apple has dual goals: Drive iPhone sales back to growth, and give developers and consumers new experiences in its ecosystem that will keep them there. These moves are definitely the right ones amid an enormous amount of speculation, both hopeful and pessimistic, surrounding the next iPhone launch. But execution will be key. Prev Page 1 2 Next Page Quote References AAPL -0.74 -0.47% GOOG -2.00 -0.20% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.63 -0.74 (-0.47%) Volume 4.7M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.11 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 810.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $979.08 -2.00 (-0.20%) Volume 312.2K Open $982.35 High $984.57 Low $977.20 P/E Ratio 33.11 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 685.7B
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home WWDC News Analysis HomePod first look: Apple's at-home digital assistant was made with music in mind Apple's HomePod is far from being ready for prime time, but its specs are promising and its design sets it apart. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Roman Loyola Senior Editor, Macworld | Jun 5, 2017 5:33 PM PT Hardware & Accessories Apple's HomePod: Everything we know so far about this new smart Siri speaker More for you to like: Apple's iMac Pro is the most powerful Mac ever - WWDC 2017 Apple's iMac Pro is the most... (1:41) Apple's iMacs get a performance boost - WWDC 2017 Apple's iMacs get a performance... (2:34) Amazon Prime Video is coming to Apple's tvOS - WWDC 2017 Amazon Prime Video is coming to... (0:45) Hands-on: 13-inch MacBook Pro with function keys Hands-on: 13-inch MacBook Pro with... New bands for the Apple Watch New bands for the Apple Watch (1:31) Apple introduces Apple Watch Apple introduces Apple Watch (1:45) Although it won't ship until December, Apple previewed its HomePod, a new Wi-Fi connected speaker with Siri smarts, at WWDC. Apple's HomePod: Everything we know so far about this new smart Siri speaker More like this Apple HomePod FAQ: Here’s everything we know about the new Siri smart speaker WWDC 2017 keynote: Taking it all in WWDC wish list: What we’d like from the Siri Speaker Video Apple's HomePod: Everything we know so far about this new smart Siri speaker Apple finally tossed its hat into the at-home digital assistant ring on Monday when the company introduced the HomePod, a smart speaker that you control via Siri. While the device won’t be available until later this year, I was able to get an extra glimpse (but not touch) of the new HomePod after Apple’s WWDC keynote wrapped up. The first thing that struck me when I saw the HomePod was that it reminded me of the Mac Pro. The Mac Pro is taller and more slender than the HomePod, but from a short distance, I though I was looking at a Mac Pro stuffed in fishnet stockings. Roman Loyola The HomePod has a cylindrical shape like the Mac Pro, but it’s shorter and stockier. HomePod certainly doesn’t look like any other digital assistant on the market, and Apple’s emphasis on its use for playing music seems to have played a key role in its design. While Google Home and Amazon Echo look like listening devices, the HomePod, which looks more like a audio speaker, could be more appealing to audio aficionados. It’s definitely an aesthetic that feels more home-friendly. [ Further reading: The best surge protectors for your expensive electronics ] The HomePod has a light at the top to indicate that it’s operational. The rumor mill had the “Siri Speaker” outfitted with an actual screen—and this light sure isn’t that. I imagine that the light provides a visual cue to indicate that Siri is listening and/or responding. Roman Loyola HomePod is available in white or black. I wasn’t able to see if the mesh covering is removable, and Apple’s recommendations for caring for the covering remains to be seen. Since no demonstrations were being performed, the HomePods at the show were probably display units that weren’t really working. But they were plugged in, and Apple does match the power cord to the color of the main unit. Apple spent most of its time during the HomePod part of the keynote to talk about it as a music player, its seven tweeters, its “high-excursion” woofers, its ability to sense a room and adjust its audio accordingly, and its integration with Apple Music. Unfortunately, we weren’t able to hear HomePod in action just yet. After all the talk about music, Apple covered the HomePod’s abilities as a digital assistant. Its six-microphone array is listening for your “hey Siri” command and waiting to do your bidding. But this was another feature that didn’t seem operational with the WWDC units—we’ll just have to wait and see how these features perform in real life. The HomePod will be available in December with a price of $349. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: WWDC Home Tech Connected Home Consumer Electronics Siri WWDC Roman has covered technology since the early 1990s. His career started at MacUser, and he's worked for MacAddict, Mac|Life, TechTV, PC/Computing, and Windows NT Systems. He's also written for MacRumors and Realtor.com. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES TECHNOLOGY June 8, 2017 | Last updated 7 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: Ramadan 2017 War of 1967 UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors25 Markets17 Automotives2 Banking6 Construction Employment Features1 General Investment1 Media Careers2 Energy54 Retail4 Shipping1 Technology7 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Italy banks in talks on Veneto lenders aid A tech start-up boom in Iran Robots will change the nature of employment Aviation10 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Etihad breaks off talks with TUI for airline UAE closes airspace to Qatar flights Etihad Cargo signs MoU with Royal Air Maroc Economy18 Property8 GN Property top stories in Property Municipality meets developers in Dubai Real estate litigation and arbitration Real estate data: The bedrock of progress Money1 Dirhams and Dollars1 Visas Analysis5 1 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus HomePod: Home music system that promises more New smart speaker will launch in December, but only in US, UK and Australia Image Credit: AFP Phil Schiller, Apple's Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, speaks about the new HomePod. Published: 04:00 June 6, 2017 Scott Shuey, Business Editor   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Hey Siri, when is Apple finally going to let you compete with Google Home and Amazon’s Alexa? If she was here, Siri would tell you December seems to be the answer. That’s when Apple’s latest gadget, called the HomePod, is set to launch. The HomePod isn’t likely to replace the iPhone is terms of popular gadgetry, but the 7-inch tall, mesh-covered smart speaker does have a mix of upcoming technologies that gives some insight into what Apple plans for its digital assistant.  Apple obviously intends the HomePod to be a launching point for Siri’s development. NEW TASKS FOR SIRI No longer content for Siri to just answer questions — which is smart, because Google and Amazon’s digital assistants have already moved past that point — Siri will now be a music curator, a message sender and hub for smart home controls, among other things. She will also be able to speak with a less robotic-sounding voice.  But for the short term, Apple seems to be making sure it isn’t promising more than it can deliver. The company is promoting the HomePod primarily as a home music system. Siri will apparently need to learn to DJ before she can run in any other unexpected directions. Apple is seemingly giving Siri, and the HomePod, the equipment it needs to succeed. Apple has designed the speaker to deal with a number of music-specific issues. It will automatically adjust to it surroundings, literally, by using sensors to determine the size of the room it is placed in or whether or not it is placed in a corner on a table. More personal choices, such as volume or bass settings, will still be left to the user. HOMEPOD CHIPS HomePod will also have an A8 chip and a 64-byte processor that first appeared in the iPhone 6. A more immediate concern for everyone outside of the US might be if the speaker will be launched in their home markets. Google Home and Amazon’s Alexa have both been limited by their ability to go international. Apple is promising international launches in the UK and Australia concurrently with the US launch in December, but while further international launches were also promised next year, no time line was given.  However, Apple also announced that one of Siri’s new features would be the ability to translate English to (and by extension speak) Chinese, French, German, Italian and Spanish. That could give some hint as the markets that Apple is looking at. The HomePod will retail for $349 in the US. In Pictures More from Technology A tech start-up boom in Iran 04:54 pm Robots will change the nature of employment 04:47 pm Doing good is the latest tech worker perk Snap said to buy Placed for $125m Democracy? There’s an app for that Pinterest raises valuation to $12.3b HomePod: Home music system that promises more Apple launches flurry of new gadgets and updates tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGNApple follow this tag on MGNAustralia follow this tag on MGNAmazon follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsTechnology tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGN+ MGNApple follow this tag on MGN+ MGNAustralia follow this tag on MGN+ MGN In PicturesPictures: Apple launches new gadgets and updates Also In TechnologyA tech start-up boom in Iran Business Gallery China Beijing International High-tech Expo opens Pictures: Apple launches new gadgets and updates Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Apple launches flurry of new gadgets and updates 02HomePod: Home music system that promises more 03Apple to launch software for next iPhone at WWDC Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 13Images Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project May 15, 2017 7Images China Beijing International High-tech Expo opens Jun 08, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 11Images Etihad Airways offers residence in the sky May 04, 2014 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Saudi, UAE, Bahrain, Egypt cut Qatar ties How the Qatari crisis affects you Qatar sympathisers to face fine, jail UAE supports statements on Qatar An open letter to the Qatari emir Qatar ready for mediation to ease rift Gargash: We are fed up with Qatar's duplicity 4 UAE airlines cut flights to, from Doha Exposed: Qatar’s role in Brotherhood spread Close Recommended For You What's showing at the movies this weekPUBLISHED ON Jul 07, 2017 Ex-FBI chief Comey to testify on Trump, RussiaPUBLISHED ON Jun 08, 2017 UAE denies changes in residency laws rumoursPUBLISHED ON Jun 08, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Apple HomePod Debuts at WWDC 2017 Apple HomePod Debuts at WWDC 2017 Home » Apple » Apple HomePod Debuts at WWDC 2017 Posted By Francis Rey on Jun 5, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                   Apple has touted a new intelligent speaker called HomePod at its WWDC 2017 keynote today. Apple CEO Tim Cook himself announced the powerful device saying, “We want to reinvent home music.” Together with Apple Music, it gives you easy access to one of the largest music catalogs today with 40 million songs. And you can control it through the company’s integrated voice assistant Siri. The HomePod is a music-first device and a voice-enabled speaker next. It delivers powerful sounds and adapts to its surroundings. “We completely reimagined how a speaker should make music in the home,” Apple added. The speaker combines Apple-engineered audio tech and innovative software to produce hi-fi sound wherever it is playing. Coming in white and space grey variants, the HomePod is stylish, elegant and smart. Features Despite its compact appearance, the HomePod comes with the following hardware components: Apple A8 microchip 4-inch, high-excursion woofer Six microphones for far-field Siri and room sensing Seven horn-loaded tweeters Internal low-frequency calibration microphone for automatic bass correction Direct and ambient audio beamforming Transparent studio-level dynamic processing All components are inside a seamless mesh black or white fabric designed for acoustic performance and aesthetics. The woofer has a custom amplifier for a wide range of deep bass. And a motor drives the diaphragm a full 20 millimeters despite the device’s small size of 6.8 inches tall and 5.6 inches wide. Apple said the HomePod uses an algorithm that analyzes music nonstop and tunes low frequencies to avoid distortions. The array of seven tweeters form a narrow beam that delivers sounds from all angles. “By aiming those beams throughout the room, the tweeters create an immersive sense of space–no matter where HomePod is or where you’re sitting,” it added. An Apple-designed A8 chip provides the processing power behind the most complex audio technologies in this device, including direct and ambient audio and echo cancellation. User-friendly, smart and automatic Apple said, “HomePod is smart enough to sense where in the room it’s playing. Or that you added another HomePod. Or that you’re telling it what you want to hear–even from across the room. Then it responds to all this information automatically, so all you have to do is listen.” You place the HomePod anywhere you like, and it auto-analyzes the acoustics, tunes the sound based on your location, and directs the music in the best direction. “Whether HomePod is against the wall, on a shelf, or in the middle of the room, everyone gets an immersive listening experience,” it added. If you place a second HomePod in the same room, the two automatically balances each other for the best sound experience. When added to multiple rooms, the speakers connect through AirPlay 2 so you can play music anywhere inside the house. And these are compatible with other AirPlay 2 speakers. Apple also touts multiple security layers, including anonymous ID and encryption. Apple Music and Siri In addition, you can tell Siri that you like the song currently playing to play something different. With your choice of songs, Apple Music dynamically learns your taste in music. Siri also answers simple queries such as the latest news, weather, timers, clocks, measurements, translations, traffic and more. Other nifty features You can tap the top to play, pause, or adjust the volume. It also shows you when Siri is listening thru an LED waveform that animates with your every word when using an iPhone or iPad. Several Apple HomeKit accessories work with Siri. Just ask Siri to cool the room or close the garage door. It can automate commands for air conditioners, garage doors, security cameras and more. To do this, just the accessory to the Home app. Pricing and Release The HomePod costs $349 and starts shipping in the U.S., the U.K. and Australia this December. You have to wait until next year if you live outside those countries. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Francis Rey A network engineer by profession, Franz voraciously reads anything that piques his curiosity. He spends downtime with his significant other on road trips and binges. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook’s new tool will help political office holders to reach their constituent Jun 7, 2017 Facebook Instant Articles Is Now Compatible With Apple News and Google AMP Jun 4, 2017 Reddit users will now be able to add location to any mobile post Jun 1, 2017 Twitter rolls out filters to help keep strangers off your DM May 31, 2017 Essential Phone is official and brought by the Android creator May 30, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Calendar SF Bay Area Events Promotion Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rate LOG Live FLS Priv These are the six big things Apple announced today – Washington Post Posted on Jun 5 2017 - 4:36pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as GDC 20 Related The Top 15 Moments That Defined E3 – Den of Geek US Washington Post SAN JOSE — Chief executive Tim Cook said that Apple had six big announcements Monday at its annual developers conference. Cook promised updates to each of Apple’s operating systems — for the Apple TV, the Apple Watch, mobile devices and … WWDC 2017: Apple Announces HomePod Speaker to Rival Amazon’s EchoNew York Times Apple makes ‘major’ announcements: What we know so farNOLA.com Apple Unveils ‘HomePod’ Speaker, 1st New Product in YearsNBC Chicago The Spokesman-Review –CNET –TODAYonline all 306 news articles …read more Source:: Game Developers Conference News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Las Vegas Stadium Authority June 8th - Oakland Raiders & UNLV NFL Sublease On Agenda NBA Finals | Warriors 118 Cavs 113 2017 NBA Finals Game 3 Talk Oakland Raiders NFL News | NBA Finals Warriors Stun Cavs Win 2017 NBA Finals Game 3 118 - 113 After NBA Finals Game 3 Zennie62 Live On YouTube #NBAFinals Steph Curry Steals Ball From LeBron James In NBA Finals Game 3 2017 James Comey | James Comey Statement For Senate Select Committee On Intelligence Pican Oakland Restaurant To Close After 8 Year Run In Uptown | Pican Oakland Marshawn Lynch To Oakland Raiders Because Of Las Vegas NFL Plans Eric Decker | Eric Decker WR NY Jets Released Today | Eric Decker George and Amal Clooney Welcome Twins as George Is Sedated Marshawn Lynch Run, Wonder Woman Is Oakland Raiders Fan - Tell Las Vegas Steve Sisolak http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Latest News Dow 21,191 +17.75 +0.08% Nasdaq 6,291 -6.67 -0.11% S&P 500 2,432 -1.48 -0.06% 10:17 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:15 A.M. ET August gold down $19.20, or 1.5%, to $1,274/oz 10:15 A.M. ET Gold futures prices trade near the session's lows on Comex 10:15 A.M. ET Updated Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way 10:12 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock surge fuels rally in department store shares 10:11 A.M. ET Updated The food-delivery startup that could have a recipe for success 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Carvana soars after first earnings report, analysts say it isn't just another used-car company 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin WATCH LIVE: Comey hearing in Senate gets under way Home Personal Finance Apple gives consumers yet another option to make payments on their iPhones By Maria LaMagna Published: June 6, 2017 9:11 a.m. ET Share Apple has announced Apple Pay Cash, a new peer-to-peer payment system through iMessage Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook announces updates at a developer conference. By MariaLaMagna Reporter Need to pay your friend, your coworker or your babysitter, but don’t have cash on you? There’s yet another app for that. Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.46%   announced Monday at its developer conference it would begin allowing peer-to-peer payments by sending a message through its iMessage app. It will let consumers pay one another without leaving their messaging thread. Apple will also offer a digital debit card called Apple Pay Cash, where users can store their money online. The service will become available at the same time as Apple’s new iOS 11 operating system this fall, according to Recode. Apple did not immediately respond to MarketWatch’s request for comment. Consumers can already send one another money through Facebook’s FB, +0.10%   Messenger app, which is probably the most similar peer-to-peer payments service currently available. There is also a myriad of apps that allow you to pay a friend for a dinner or movie ticket using a smartphone, but experts said Apple’s offering could make them more mainstream. Mobile peer-to-peer payments are projected to quadruple between 2016 and 2021, according to the research firm Forrester. Forrester sees digital payments, including in-app purchases, peer-to-peer payments and retail purchases, reaching $283 billion by 2021, up from an estimated $112 billion at the end of 2016, Barron’s Next reported in February. One of the largest and fastest-growing is PayPal’s PYPL, -0.35%   Venmo, which processed $6.8 billion in transactions in the first quarter of 2017 alone, a 114% increase since the first quarter of 2016. And like Apple’s new peer-to-peer system, Venmo is currently available within iMessage. It is also available as a separate app that consumers can use. They must link a credit card or bank account with the service to use it. It is free to use. Financial institutions are not standing idly by. Several banks have also been working together as part of an organization called Early Warning, and have developed a competitor called Zelle that allows consumers who use different banks to pay one another. Google also allows consumers to pay one another on Google Wallet. And Square Cash also allows peer-to-peer payments and is available already through iMessage. Don’t miss: Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 The big difference between these and Apple Pay Cash: Apple’s service will be downloaded as part of the iOS upgrade, just like Photos or Maps. Apple’s new addition could make more consumers aware of the various ways they can use their phones to pay one another, “helping to raise the rising tide of peer to peer payments,” said Mark Ranta, the head of digital payments at ACI Worldwide ACIW, -0.09%  , a payment systems company. Consumers may also appreciate being able to stay within iMessage to complete their transaction, rather than having to visit a separate app, which often has its own password or other type of authentication, Ranta said. But there are a few obvious drawbacks to Apple’s service, said Brendan Miller, a principal analyst at Forrester. Only consumers who have Apple devices, which use iMessage, will be able to use it, he said. And not all of those who have those devices have even registered for Apple Pay. That might make it less desirable than a service like Venmo, which they can use regardless of which device they have. “Venmo is not going away anytime soon,” he said. Indeed, after Apple’s announcement, a spokesman for Venmo remained unfazed by Apple’s announcement. “We welcome any developments that help people move away from the awkwardness of cash,” he said. Apple shares have gained 33% in 2017, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.09%  has gained 7% and the S&P 500 SPX, -0.05%  has gained 9%. See also This is one reason why the rich will get richer The number of people with credit cards has hit levels not seen since before the Great Recession Metal credit cards: The latest American status symbol Quote References AAPL -0.71 -0.46% FB +0.15 +0.10% PYPL -0.19 -0.35% ACIW -0.02 -0.09% DJIA +19.04 +0.09% SPX -1.26 -0.05% Show all references Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Maria LaMagna Maria LaMagna covers personal finance for MarketWatch in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Maria LaMagna Maria LaMagna covers personal finance for MarketWatch in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.66 -0.71 (-0.46%) Volume 4.7M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.11 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 810.1B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $153.27 +0.15 (+0.10%) Volume 3.5M Open $154.08 High $154.50 Low $153.10 P/E Ratio 40.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 443.7B PayPal Holdings Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: PYPL $53.66 -0.19 (-0.35%) Volume 960.0K Open $54.03 High $54.05 Low $53.64 P/E Ratio 45.54 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 64.7B ACI Worldwide Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ACIW $22.93 -0.02 (-0.09%) Volume 11496 Open $23.01 High $23.13 Low $22.81 P/E Ratio 71.42 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.7B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,192.73 +19.04 (+0.09%) Volume 55.7M Open 21,170 High 21,205 Low 21,155 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,431.88 -1.26 (-0.05%) Volume 399.9M Open 2,434 High 2,436 Low 2,429 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Hump Day Deals: Cheap TVs, 40% Off Phones, Dick Smith EOFY Sale How Much Money You Need To Make To Move To Your Dream US City Apple Just Added One More Way To Repay Your Friends 16 Tax Deductions You Might Be Able To Claim This EOFY Home Make A Super Bomb Onion Dip Without A Mix Add Used Tea Bags To The Bottom Of Pots To Feed Plants How To Follow Donald Trump's Tweets Without Following Donald Trump Lumo Energy Fined By ACCC For Misleading Customers, Again Entertainment E3 2017: Your Guide To Watching E3 Live In Australia Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones How Apple's New Siri Speaker Compares To Sonos And Echo Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Travel Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Stop Saying 'Rate Of Speed' Travel Hacker: How To Plan The Perfect Travel Itinerary This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come Health Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule We Can Be Easily Tricked Into Liking Bad Wine 16 (Effortless) Ways To Be A Better Person Design Learn Game Animation With These Pixel Art GIFs Need Selfie Tips? Ask A Neural Network With This App, You Can Finally Trust Photos Again  Sketchar Is An Augmented-Reality App For Wannabe Graffiti Artists Work Productivity I'm Katia Beauchamp, Birchbox Co-Founder And CEO, And This Is How I Work  Getting Things Done, Ten Years In How To Self-Publish A Book Change Your Screen To Greyscale To Combat Phone Addiction Communicate Six 'Secret' iPhone Codes That Unlock Extra Features Your NBN Connection Might Be Getting A Speed Boost 9 Books Everyone Should Read Before They Turn 30 Apple's New MacBooks And iMacs: Australian Pricing And Release Dates Organise Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions How To Save Storage Space On iOS 11 Briefly: EB Games Sales, Australian Survivor 2, Creepy Wonder Woman Briefly: Lifeguard Video Test, Target's Game Sale, Bitcoin Price Surge Career How To Grow Your Business Faster By Becoming A Better Leader We're Hiring A Publisher At Allure Media Ask LH: How Can I Learn To Work With A New Boss? What It Takes To Be A Kickarse Car Designer At Just 23 Business Travel Engineers Are Not Mechanics US Visa Applications Now 'Request' Social Media Information Lounge Hacker: Ten Airport Lounges You Need To Experience At Least Once Uber Price Hike: Here's How Much More You'll Pay In Each Australian City Security When It Comes To Ransomware, It's Sometimes Best To Pay Up Protect Your Data By Using Single Sign-On Whenever Possible  Experts Speak: How Trump's Paris Accord Exit Hurts Us All Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? Small Business & Startups How To Take Advantage Of The $20,000 Small Business Tax Break Five Life Lessons You Can Learn From Successful Corporations Free Report Download: Best Practices For Salespeople In The Social Era Elevator Pitch: DisruptSports IT Pro Cloud Dropbox Announces Local PoP For Performance Boost OpenStack Foundation Says We Are At A Cloud Tipping Point Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace Microsoft To Use DNA To Store Data In The Cloud IT Career Apply For A Job In 8 Seconds When Is It Worth Keeping A Job You Hate? Working With A Mentor Is A Process, Not Just An Accomplishment How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions IT Security Kaspersky Expands Legal Battle With Microsoft Over Anticompetitive Behaviour How Modern Printer Technology Outed An NSA Leaker Britney Spears Instagram Used In Cyber Attack The ACDC Act: Should You Be Allowed To Hack The Hackers? Developer Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off GitHub Enterprise 2.10 Adds New Dev and Project Management Tools Was There Anything For Developers At WWDC? .NET Standard 2.0, Summarised In A Giant Microsoft Poster Deployment 5 Things You Need To Do To Prepare For A Media Interview Apple Expanding Screen Repair Program With More Horizon Machines Catch Group Readies For the Amazon Onslaught IBM Deliver Massive Power In Tiny Package Servers Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Lovehacker: My Boyfriend's Hair Fetish Is Tearing Me Apart How To Grow Your Business Faster By Becoming A Better Leader Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? 16 Tax Deductions You Might Be Able To Claim This EOFY WWDC: All The Apple Products Coming In 2017 (Except iPhone) Anthony Caruana Jun 6, 2017, 10:30am ⋅ Filed to:  apple Australian Stories feature imacs ios macbooks siri video feature wwdc wwdc 2017 Share Image: Getty Images While Apple's WWDC conference is supposed to be all about software and developers, the company decided to use the event to unleash a swag of new hardware. Highlights include the iMac getting a massive power boost with a new iMac Pro, another iPad Pro and the new HomePod which is Siri's answer to Google Home and Amazon Echo. Laptop users get lots of love too, with processor and SSD performance boosts for the entire Macbook range. And, as expected, new versions of iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS were also announced with the line between the Mac and iPad becoming even more blurry. Here are the chief announcements. When Steve Jobs returned to Apple, he famously drew a grid on a whiteboard. Down one axis were two labels: pro and consumer. Across the other axis were desktop and laptop labels. He rationalised all of Apple's products, at the time, into those four boxes. It seems the same philosophy is returning, albeit with more devices in each of the boxes. New hardware The iMac Pro will be, if the specs deliver what I expect, a screamer. Supporting up to 4TB of SSD and up to 128GB of ECC memory, and powered by next-generation Intel Xeon processors with up to 18 cores this is a machine that will fill a massive hole in Apple's product range. iMac Pro When the latest Mac Pro was announced, Apple made a few bets on how hardware was going move (much like Microsoft did when they released Windows Vista). Those bets didn't pan out so Apple announced a few weeks ago that they were going back to the drawing board. Until a new Mac Pro is released, the new iMac Pro, which won't be out till December and will leave you little change from US$5000, should fill the needs of pros looking for a fast machine. You can read more about it here. The iPad Pro also received some love from Apple. A new 10.5-inch version was announced as well as a speed bump through a new A10x processor and improved graphics with the redesigned Retina display which sports a new feature called ProMotion. It drives refresh rates up to 120Hz so scrolling and other movements are smoother. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro comes in silver, space grey, gold and rose gold starting at $979 inc. GST for the 64GB with Wi-Fi model and starting at RRP A$1179 inc. GST for the 64GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model. The 12.9-inch iPad Pro is available in silver, space grey and gold starting at $1199 inc. GST for the 64GB Wi-Fi model and starting at RRP A$1399 inc. GST for the 64GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model. Consumers get some love with the HomePod - a Siri-equipped speaker that works with apple Music. There's no word on pricing yet - the HomePod wont be available until December but in a refreshing change from the norm, it's coming to Australia first. In addition to the above, pretty much every notebook and desktop computer in Apple's range received some sort of upgrade. Intel's Kaby Lake processors are now included cross the range and faster SSDs are now added to the package. Even the forgotten lovechild, the MacBook Air, received a speed bump courtesy of a new 1.8GHx processor. New software For business users, Apple has finally relented and provided a new app called Files that will work with Dropbox, Box and other file sync providers. Hopefully, this will work to resolve the issue of offline file access - something that pushed me towards a Window 10 tablet for when I travel. Image: Getty Images iOS and macOS are the main operating systems used by business users. And while both get some attention it's fair to say they are at a point of maturity now where we can expect refinements rather than massive UI changes. For example, iOS gets Spaces, the task-switching interface that was introduced in OS X (which was renamed macOS last year) a few years ago. The new version of macOS, dubbed High Sierra, gets a stack of refinements that, on their own, would represent relatively minor changes but collectively give Apple enough to make this into a new release version. I suspect the process started several years ago, when Apple moved away for monolithic releases every two or three years to smaller changes each year; a similar model to Windows 10 where new features will be added as they are ready rather than being bundled up into annual versions. Beta releases of iOS 11 and macOS High Sierra are available to registered Apple developers with public beta programs expected to start later this month. My experience of these early betas is to keep them off production gear. I've found that by the time Apple releases the third or fourth beta, the software is pretty stable. Also on Lifehacker Is It Cheaper To Buy A Samsung Galaxy S8 On A Plan Than An iPhone 7? Is It Cheaper To Buy The Galaxy S8 Outright Or On A Plan? The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones Mark Serrels 08 Jun 2017 9:00 AM One year ago my brother in-law and I made a decision. We wanted to do the right thing. We wanted to try and pay to watch Game of Thrones season 5. Analyse that sentence for a second. I’ll add some italics for emphasis. “We wanted to try and pay to watch Game of Thrones.” Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Chris Jager 07 Jun 2017 11:30 AM Foxtel has announced a revamped high-definition video streaming service dubbed Foxtel Now - and it's priced competitively with Stan and Netflix. With subscriptions starting at just $10 per month, it's a far cry from the company's prohibitively expensive Pay TV offerings. (In fact, it's actually cheaper than Netflix's HD tiers which start at $11.99.) But what do you actually get for your ten dollarydoos? Does Foxtel Now include Game Of Thrones? Do you still need to add a bunch of additional packs to make it worthwhile? We take a look at the prices, inclusions and your frequently asked questions. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Upgrade Your Shower Experience With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones 2 Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? 3 E3 2017: Your Guide To Watching E3 Live In Australia Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Here's the farewell letter James Comey sent his former FBI colleagues after Trump fired him The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Self-storage: a new option for property investors Huawei expands to make computers China's May exports, imports surge, beating expectations Virtual credit card for more users Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Huang, Song to star in ‘A Life Time Love’ Shanghai, Rotterdam mayors bolster sister-city ties New model of entrance exam makes debut in Shanghai Innovative programs to celebrate culture City seniors to get 100 more service centers Wide range of skills from all over world Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News World 9-Ball China Open starts in Pudong today Japan blow as Kagawa injured in Syria draw Warriors tune out 16-0 talk, focus on Cavs West try hands Lions 1st loss on tour of NZ Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Hotelier’s amazing ride to the top Go for fruity wines while flying or at high altitude A scrumptious breakfast gets us up and running The Hub celebrates famed robot cat Doraemon A watertown low in profile, high in aesthetics Art for children’s sake at Poly Theater Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News Why West often overlooks China’s WWII effort Yokohama leads in resources management Consumers should plan to pay more for medicine Understanding the essence of stagnation Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   You gotta love our teeming city Give with humility: it’s about what you do at the end of day, not what you ‘sacrificed’ Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Artistic dialogue between East and West Before the dawn of Facebook there were diaries When the game is more about drugs than skills Tough ‘girl’ who fought Hollywood ‘Wonder Woman’ lives up to hype There’s more to Mexican than just tacos Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Huang, Song to star in ‘A Life Time Love’ Shanghai, Rotterdam mayors bolster sister-city ties Babysitter Shaking Infant Hard Triggers Internet Fury Educational Authorities Denies Report A Student Was Refused Entry To Exam For Being 2 Minutes Late 'Luxurious' shared bikes in Hangzhou have phone charger service Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 What Does The Strong Q1 Growth Mean For China? 中国一季度经济强势增长意味着什么？ View more » Photo Sets Auto Shanghai 2017 Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday View more » Home » World Apple 'HomePod' speaker to take on Amazon, Google Source: AFP | 08:30 UTC+8 June 6, 2017 | Online Edition APPLE on Monday unveiled its "HomePod" speaker as it moved to challenge Amazon Alexa and Google Home as a smart home and music hub. HomePod, powered Apple's Siri digital assistant, will be priced at US$349 when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain, the tech giant announced at its annual developers conference. "It's so cool, we really believe it is going to take your home music experience to the next level," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said of the new device. HomePod will taking Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have been building momentum in the market for voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. HomePod is designed to work with the Apple Music subscription service and can produce rich sound while tapping into the artificial intelligence power of Siri. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the Siri team at Apple had tuned the assistant into a "musicologist" that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the internet cloud. The speaker has the "power to rock the house," according to Schiller, who said the team worked to make HomePod an potent assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. Playing to strength HomePod capped a keynote presentation at Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference that included updates to its iPad and Mac laptop lines, and upgraded operating software enabling augmented reality for iPhones and iPads. Analysts said Apple is playing to its strength in the music industry by focusing on sound quality and its catalog of songs available on HomePod. "Apple is smart to frame the HomePod as a music-centric and audio-centric device rather than just another smart speaker or another home for Siri,"  said Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson. "The fact that Apple is claiming to marry really great and smart audio with a smart assistant and cloud music service makes this device unique in the market so far." Some industry insiders, however, note that Apple will be under more pressure to improve the computing smarts of its Siri software in the face of offerings from rivals Google and Amazon. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home and 5.6 percent for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Macs and iPads Cook used the Apple keynote to show off new iPad and Mac computer models, as well as provide glimpses at coming versions of the software powering the technology titan's devices. Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi said the next Mac operating system will be named "High Sierra" in tribute to the California mountain range. High Sierra features will include being able to stop unexpected videos from starting to play automatically when landing on web pages and "intelligent tracking prevention" that will prevent ads from following people about the internet. High Sierra will be released later this year as a free update, according to Federighi. Along with upgraded versions of iPad and Mac laptops, Apple provided look at an iMac Pro work station that had the computing built in behind the screen and was touted as the most powerful computer the company has ever made. The iMac Pro was to begin shipping in December with a starting price of US$4,999. Apple told the developers they were overhauling the App Store, giving it a fresh look, and beginning to add the floor plans of shops and airports to its mapping program. Apple also released a software kit so developers could infuse augmented reality into applications for iPhones or iPads. Given the hundreds of millions of Apple mobile devices in use, that will create the largest augmented reality platform in the world "overnight," executives said. World <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly New model of entrance exam makes debut in Shanghai Call to ban all live poultry markets China says US report ‘irresponsible’ Wide range of skills from all over world ‘Abortion wife’ given recompense and divorce Young Basketballers and Dancing Oldies Clash Goes Viral ‘Cocaine suitcases’ discovered at airport Flagship No. 1 store to close for big face-lift Beijing bathers expose naked truth of a practice still taboo Indoor smoking ban makes an impact though not in stairwells China succeeds in mining combustible ice in South China Sea Dash-cam Catches Mentally-ill Woman 'Faking Accident': Police Containers fall off, stranding cruise ships and passengers Nasty Night in a Restaurant Leaves Sour Taste For All Computers judge driving tests <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Huang, Song to star in ‘A Life Time Love’ Shanghai, Rotterdam mayors bolster sister-city ties Babysitter Shaking Infant Hard Triggers Internet Fury Educational Authorities Denies Report A Student Was Refused Entry To Exam For Being 2 Minutes Late 'Luxurious' shared bikes in Hangzhou have phone charger service View more » Latest World News Ex-FBI chief Comey says Trump pressured him on Russia probe DPRK test-fires multiple ground-to-ship missiles: S.Korean military IS-claimed Iran’s shrine, parliament attacks kill 12 Einstein's theory confirmed in measure of distant star's mass Europe sees rise in drug overdoses Last of the London killers named by police View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Britain USA Germany Switerland View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 | Tip-off hotline: 52920043 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Live: Comey hearing Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Watch live: James Comey to testify before Senate Intelligence Committee MGH surgeons left patients waiting under anesthesia while they did second surgeries, whistle blower charges ‘Cloud’ over Trump is now a full-blown thunderstorm Transgender principal Asa Sevelius shares powerful message in Brookline Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Apple launches speaker to rival Amazon Echo E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Marcio Jose Sanchez/Associated Press Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, introduces the HomePod speaker at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference on Monday in San Jose, Calif. By Hiawatha Bray Globe Staff  June 05, 2017 Apple Inc. thinks it’s ready to compete against the popular “smart speakers” from Amazon.com and Google, with a new product that costs a lot more than its rival, but promises to sound and work much better. Apple unveiled its HomePod speaker on Monday in San Jose, Calif., at an annual meeting for developers of software for Apple products. Like the $179 Amazon Echo and $109 Google Home devices, the $349 HomePod can be controlled with verbal commands, using Apple’s familiar Siri voice recognition system. Advertisement But with Echo and Home, sound quality, though adequate, is an afterthought. Those devices are mainly marketed as intelligent home appliances that can play news and weather reports on command, or remotely control smart home systems like lighting, heating, air conditioning, and home security systems. But the HomePod is designed as a high-end audio device, stuffed with multiple speakers controlled by the same processor chip found inside Apple’s iPhone 6. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here “It’s perhaps the biggest brain ever in a speaker,” Philip Schiller, an Apple senior vice president, said at the event. Schiller said the HomePod contains sensors that can estimate the speaker’s position in a room and then tune the sound for optimal quality. The HomePod’s high-frequency speakers use a technology called “beam-forming” to aim different audio frequencies in different directions to make the sound more immersive. In addition, the HomePod comes with a much improved version of Siri. When the speech recognition feature was introduced on the iPhone in 2011, it was hailed as a technical marvel. Since then, it’s been widely criticized for its limited ability to respond to commonplace questions. Advertisement HomePod’s version of Siri will be capable of understanding casual questions with ease, particularly questions about music, Schiller said. Users can ask the HomePod the name of the drummer in a particular recording, for example, or what song was the most popular in the United States on a particular date. Users who hear a tune they enjoy can add it to a playlist by simply saying, “Hey Siri, I like that song.” HomePod will serve up the tunes through a connection with Apple Music, the company’s subscription service, which claims about 27 million listeners worldwide. Despite the emphasis on audio quality, Apple is also pitching HomePod as a home automation controller, similar to its competitors. The speaker works with the company’s HomeKit service, which links smart home devices to Apple products. With HomePod, a user could turn up the air conditioning, close the living-room blinds, and turn on the lawn sprinkler just by saying so. William Ablondi, director of smart home strategies at Strategy Analytics, a Newton-based research firm, said HomePod could appeal to consumers who don’t mind paying extra for the cachet of an Apple product. “Coming in at the high end of the market is a classic Apple move,” said Ablondi. And the success of relatively pricey speakers from companies like Framingham’s Bose Corp., he added, proves there’s a market for better sound. Apple has some catching up to do; a January report from the investment bank Morgan Stanley estimated that Amazon has sold over 11 million Echo devices since the product was introduced two years ago. And Strategy Analytics estimates Google Home will crack 1 million sold by midyear. Still, that means most people still don’t own one of these gadgets, leaving plenty of room for Apple. While the HomePod was the most momentous announcement from Apple on Monday, the company revealed a host of upgrades to its other product lines. These included a massively-powerful Mac workstation computer and improvements to Apple’s operating system software for its smartwatches, Mac computers, iPads, and iPhones. Apple also showed that it’s serious about making a mark in augmented reality (AR) software, which overlays digital images on top of the real world. AR became a hit with video gamers with Pokemon Go. Apple showed off a new system to help game developers build even more advanced AR games that would be playable on iPhones and iPads. A demo of the technology, called ARKit, featured AR effects that looked far more advanced than those of rival systems, like Google’s Tango or Microsoft’s HoloLens. An Apple video game demonstrated at the conference is supposed to come to market by year’s end. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Microsoft’s Surface Pen is now available for preorder by Tristan Greene — in Microsoft Credit: Scott Akerman 228 shares Microsoft announced preorders for its new Surface Pro Pen were available today. The stylus was designed alongside the new Surface Pro, but it actually works with any Surface device (or laptop with an N-trig display) and brings Microsoft’s stylus technology up to par with the Apple Pencil. The Pen is virtually lag free– Microsoft cut down lag to 21 milliseconds, though the Apple Pencil beats it by 1ms. Then again, the Pencil only comes in white. Microsoft’s offering comes in four colors — burgundy, platinum, cobalt blue and black. The updated Pen features an impressive 4096 pressure levels. The stylus also adjusts for angle, utilizing updated tilt detection. You can preorder the Surface Pro Pen at the Microsoft store. The device is expected to ship on June 15th. It’ll cost the same as Apple’s offering: $99. We’ll have to see how the stylus compare when we get them both in our hands. Who do you think has the better tool? Read next: Playdemic’s secret sauce to app store top 20 CreativeGearMicrosoft Share on Facebook (46) Share on Twitter (152) Tristan Greene is a reporter from Illinois, USA. Happy to hear your thoughts on tristan@thenextweb.com or @mrgreene1977 on Twitter. Tristan Greene is a sailor gleefully writing about living on dry land. He's been known to brag about his Rockband 2 scores. Contact Mail Tweet Location Illinois, USA Posts 16   All posts by Tristan > The latest articles around Microsoft Microsoft mistakenly releases dev build that crashes phones and computers Tristan Greene How Microsoft is redesigning Skype beyond the Snapchat generation Napier Lopez Microsoft's desperate attempt to bribe people to use Bing comes to the UK Matthew Hughes Here's some more distraction Craigslist ad for fake dads is the saddest thing we've seen today Carissa Lintao Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Alien mystery solved: It was just gas Tristan Greene Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Greene Comments Recommended Tech is distracting and addictive, but it doesn't have to be Már Másson Maack Most popular 1 Pokemon-loving developers are going to want this Poke-themed terminal Mix 2 Watch this cyborg dragonfly drone take flight Tristan Greene 3 WhatsApp adds photo filters and albums on iOS Napier Lopez 4 Get the training to become a certified Cisco network pro for just $39 TNW Deals 5 Millennials are killing chain restaurants thanks to Instagram Carissa Lintao Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company Picnic Think. Dare. Do. ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Latest 1 Roli's new Seaboard Block shows modular design can make beautiful music Napier Lopez 2 Stop growing your startup when your product still sucks Ali Mese 3 This is how much a Silk Road clone costs Matthew Hughes 4 7 essential apps to help you during Ramadan Sello Moloi 5 Build software like Lego with this smart new developer tool Matthew Hughes Upcoming Events Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Apple Watch major software update: What's new in WatchOS 4? Elyse Betters6 June 2017Smartwatches Apple New Siri and Toy Story watch faces Activity, Workout, and Music improvements Support for native core Bluetooth First beta is now available for developers Final version for consumers will release this autumn Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple has announced the latest version of WatchOS. Called WatchOS 4, it'll replace WatchOS 3 and is meant for Apple Watch. It debuted at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference in June 2017. It's a significant update that brings new watch faces, including a Siri watch face and Disney watch faces, an improved Music app, a new dock, new fitness features, and more. Here's everything we know so far about WatchOS 4. Apple WWDC 2017: All the announcements that matter What is WatchOS 4? WatchOS is an Apple-developed operating system that powers Apple Watch devices. WatchOS 4 is the latest version of WatchOS. Each major upgrade to WatchOS typically adds new software features. When will WatchOS 4 be available? Apple released WatchOS 4 to developers on 5 June. Apple will likely seed several other betas, including a golden master version, before it releases the final version for consumers sometime this autumn. Like all of Apple's software updates, WatchOS 4 will be free to download and use. What's new in WatchOS 4? Watch faces Apple First off, there's a new Siri watch face. It uses machine learning to display information specific to you. It reminds us of the proactive app and contact suggestions in iOS. You should see information and app shortcuts that are relevant, and you can rotate the Digital Crown to scroll vertically through the various notifications and apps on the face. Second, there's a kaleidoscope watch face, which you can rotate using the Digital Crown. Doing so produces a hippy effect that rotates and changes shape. There are also new Disney watch faces. Expanding upon the popular Micky Mouse and Minnie Mouse faces available, Apple added Woody, Jessie, and Buzz Lightyear. They're all from Toy Story, and each one has a different animation. Apple They feature a number of longer animations that behave differently when you rotate your wrist. Apple called this "vignettes". For instance, you may see a character climbing on to the watch face from below. Activity and workout Apple Activity and Workout are popular apps on Apple Watch, and they've been updated with more features. Notifications in Activity are now more personalised. You may see one when you're about to hit an achievement, for instance. There's also "smart coaching" that will serve up monthly challenges, based on your history and activity records. There's some new animations, too. You will see a sparkly animation when you've filled your rings in Activity. Apple has further changed the way pool swim workouts work. So, if you're taking a rest at one end of the pool, your watch will automatically detect it and mark it as the end of one set of laps and the start of another. This is useful for getting accurate timings. Apple also introduced two-way data exchange. This works specifically with gym equipment. Just tap the NFC tag to connect your watch with the gym equipment, meaning you'll need to find a gym that supports the tech first. Your heart rate can be read by the watch and sent to the equipment, and data and speed and other info is sent to your watch. You can also pick a playlist that automatically starts with your workout. And finally, there's a new High Intensity Interval Training workout available that uses your heart rate to push you to your limits. Is that it? Nope. The Music app on Apple Watch has been redesigned, too. You will see album art and can rotate the Digital Crown to scroll. The app also tries to guess what you want to hear, so you'll see music and playlists that you listen to automatically updated on your watch. WatchOS 4 will support native core Bluetooth too. That means you will have the ability to link and work with smaller wireless products. The company teased that glucose monitoring is coming to the Apple Watch, but details were scant. We'll update this article when we know more. There's also a redesigned dock interface so that you can vertically scroll through recent apps using the Digital Crown. And lastly, Apple added a new blinking light you can activate via Control Centre so that your night runs can be safer. Sections Apple Smartwatches Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: The undisputed smartwatch fashion king Best smartwatches 2017: The best smart wristwear available to buy today Best upcoming smartwatches: Future wristwear to look forward to in 2017 How the Huawei P10 Plus and Watch 2 make light work of a busy day Popular In Smartwatches On Pocket-lint How Android Wear 2.0 puts the Huawei Watch 2 ahead of the competition Who needs a phone with the Huawei Watch 2? Apple Watch major software update: What's new in WatchOS 4? Apple unveils watchOS 4, new Toy Story faces and much more Misfit now lets you fully customise your wearable before you buy it Casio WSD-F20 review: The best Android Wear sports watch for outdoor activities When is Android Wear 2.0 coming to my smartwatch? These Apple Watch bands from Nike were made to match your trainers Is Apple testing an Apple Watch device that tracks blood sugar? Asus might never make another ZenWatch Android Wear watch Apple iPad Pro 10.5 vs iPad Pro 9.7: Should you upgrade? Apple iPad Pro 10.5: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Apple 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display (2017) preview: Bright and powerful How Android Wear 2.0 puts the Huawei Watch 2 ahead of the competition Do these leaked iPhone 8 drawings reveal the phone's final design? Monument Valley 2 review: Beautiful yes, but is it worth £5? YouView piloting Alexa support for TV boxes, change channels using voice-control Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) vs Apple iPad Pro 12.9: What's the difference? How Xbox One backwards compatibility works: The Xbox 360 games list and more Xbox Project Scorpio: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
LG G6 review Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone Edition Samsung Galaxy Note 8 HTC U 11 Sony Xperia L1   2017 NEWS APPLE CANON FUJIFILM HTC HUAWEI LG MOTOROLA NIKON NINTENDO NOKIA OLYMPUS PANASONIC PENTAX SAMSUNG SONY              LetsGoDigital    New digital cameras    Digital camera specs    Smartphones    Smartwatches    Tablets    Smart TVs    Mobile phones    Android Auto    Virtual Reality    Discount deals    Sample picture gallery    Camera reviews    Smartphone reviews    Best cameras    Digital camera compare    Photo gallery contest    Banner Advertising       News 2017     Camera Reviews Ilse Jurriën : June 5th 2017 - 23:25 CET iPad Pro 10.5-inch tablet New Apple iPad Pro 10.5-inch : At the WWDC 2017 Apple introduced the all-new 10.5-inch iPad Pro tablet. The new iPad delivers an improved performance with the new A10X Fusion chip. The iPad Pro 10.5" features a redesigned Retina display with ProMotion technology, it’s the brightest iPad display yet with antireflective coating. The new 10.5-inch model reduces the borders by nearly 40% to fit into an incredibly compact package that still weighs just one pound. Apple also announced iOS 11 coming this fall, once the new iPad Pro runs on iOS 11 it comes with new features like a Files app, a customizable Dock, improved multitasking and a deeper integration of Apple Pencil. 10.5" iPad Pro display The redesigned Retina display in iPad Pro features ProMotion, a new technology that delivers refresh rates of up to 120Hz for fluid scrolling, greater responsiveness and smoother motion content. With ProMotion, Apple Pencil will be even more responsive with an industry-best, 20-millisecond latency for even more fluid and natural drawing. ProMotion also improves display quality and reduces power consumption. A10X Fusion chip The powerful new 64-bit A10X Fusion chip provides performance that is faster than most PC laptops shipping today, so tackling complex tasks like editing photos and 4K video, rendering 3D images or playing games feels effortless. A six-core CPU and 12-core GPU deliver up to 30 percent faster CPU performance and 40 percent faster graphics performance than the industry-leading A9X chip, while delivering all-day battery life. Camera, Audio & Touch ID The iPad Pro 10.5" tablet features the same front- and back-facing cameras as iPhone 7, including a 12-megapixel camera with optical image stabilization, along with a 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera. Apple iPad Pro also features a four-speaker audio system, providing powerful, clear and rich stereo sound in any orientation. An embedded Apple SIM and support for 802.11ac Wi-Fi and LTE Advanced make it easier to stay connected when traveling. Touch ID on iPad Pro is more responsive and gives users a simple and secure way to unlock iPad, keep personal information private within apps and approve purchases from the App Store, iTunes Store and iBooks Store. With Apple Pay on iPad, paying for physical goods and services within apps or on websites in Safari has never been easier. 10.5" iPad Pro price & availability The 10.5-inch iPad Pro comes in silver, space gray, gold and rose gold and starts at $649 (US) for the 64GB with Wi-Fi model and $779 (US) for the 64GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model. The new iPad Pro 10.5" is available to order beginning today and will start delivering to customers next week.    Next  Apple iOS 11 developer preview    Previous  Nikon Coolpix W300 test photos    News by brand:Apple    News by category:Tablets    News by brand and category:Apple Tablets Latest Apple announcements Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals New Apple App Store with 24 application categories watchOS 4 for Apple smartwatches Apple HomePod wireless music speaker Apple iOS 11 developer preview iPad Pro 10.5-inch tablet iPhone 8 pictures leaked iPhone 8 phone design Smart Hearing aids co-developed by Apple Apple opens premium Mall in United Arab Emirates Apple increases App Store prices 128GB iPad tablet from Apple 32GB iPhone SE preorder sales started Apple headquarters opens April 2017 128GB iPhone 7 Red   Latest news headlines Samsung Dex mobile phone docking station Apple macOS High Sierra desktop operating system Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals New Apple App Store with 24 application categories Samsung Electronics eco-friendly consumer products Samsung environmental activities around the world Samsung washing machines receive Design Award Garmin Approach GPS golf watch Samsung Galaxy S8 Limited Edition Rugged handheld devices market report 2017 watchOS 4 for Apple smartwatches Smartwatch market report 2017 Logitech premium conference camera Apple HomePod wireless music speaker Logitech iPad Pro keyboard cases       5G Accessories Android Galaxy iPhone Rumors Premium smartphones Camera Camera test Nikon SLR Underwater photography   CES CeBIT IFA Photokina PMA  
LG G6 review Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone Edition Samsung Galaxy Note 8 HTC U 11 Sony Xperia L1   2017 NEWS APPLE CANON FUJIFILM HTC HUAWEI LG MOTOROLA NIKON NINTENDO NOKIA OLYMPUS PANASONIC PENTAX SAMSUNG SONY              LetsGoDigital    New digital cameras    Digital camera specs    Smartphones    Smartwatches    Tablets    Smart TVs    Mobile phones    Android Auto    Virtual Reality    Discount deals    Sample picture gallery    Camera reviews    Smartphone reviews    Best cameras    Digital camera compare    Photo gallery contest    Banner Advertising       News 2017     Camera Reviews Ilse Jurriën : June 6th 2017 - 00:30 CET Apple iOS 11 developer preview Apple iOS 11 software release : At the WWDC 2017 Apple previewed iOS 11, bringing new experiences and hundreds of features to iPhone and iPad this fall. iOS 11 is the biggest software release ever for iPad, with powerful multitasking features, the Files app and more ways to use Apple Pencil. Augmented reality is coming to hundreds of millions of iOS devices with a new platform for developers to build apps that let users place virtual content on top of real-world scenes. CoreML gives developers on-device machine learning capabilities so they can easily make apps that will predict, learn and become more intelligent. Additional features include the ability to pay friends using Apple Pay, Do Not Disturb while driving to help users stay more focused on the road, even more intelligence and a new voice for Siri and new professional capabilities to Photos and Camera. iOS 11 on iPad Apple iOS 11 makes multitasking on iPad even more powerful with a new customizable Dock that provides quick access to frequently used apps and documents from any screen, and a redesigned app switcher makes it easier to move between pairs of active apps, used in Split View and now Slide Over. The new Files app keeps everything in one place, whether files are stored locally, in iCloud Drive or across other providers like Box, Dropbox and more, and with Drag and Drop available across the system, moving images and text is easier than ever. Apple Pencil is more deeply integrated into iPad with support for inline drawing and a new Instant Notes feature opens Notes from the Lock Screen by simply tapping Apple Pencil on the display. AR experience on the iPhone and iPad Apple is introducing a new platform for developers to help them bring high-quality AR experiences to iPhone and iPad using the built-in camera, powerful processors and motion sensors in iOS devices. ARKit allows developers to tap into the latest computer vision technologies to build detailed and compelling virtual content on top of real-world scenes for interactive gaming, immersive shopping experiences, industrial design and more. Personal assistant Siri Siri is the most popular personal assistant in the world with more than 375 million active devices accessing Siri each month across 36 countries. Siri can translate English words and phrases into Chinese, French, German, Italian or Spanish. Siri extends beyond voice, using on-device learning to deliver more personal experiences and offers suggestions based on personal usage of Safari, News, Mail, Messages and more. For example, as Siri learns topics or places a user is interested in while browsing Safari, they will be suggested when typing in Mail, Messages and other apps. Professional portrait mode With Apple iOS 11, Portrait Mode images can be taken with optical image stabilization, True Tone flash and HDR, so every shot looks even more professional. Live Photos are more expressive with new Loop and Bounce effects that create continuous video loops, while Long Exposure can capture time and movement. In Photos, Memory movies are optimized to play in both portrait and landscape orientation, and more memories, such as photos of pets or birthdays, are automatically created. With iOS 11, Apple introduces a new technology called High Efficiency Image File Format (HEIF) that reduces the file size of every photo taken with iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Apple Pay Apple Pay users will be able to make and receive payments with friends and family quickly, easily and securely. They can send money and get paid right in Messages, or tell Siri to pay someone, using the credit and debit cards they already have in Wallet. When users get paid, they receive the money in their new Apple Pay Cash account. They can use the money instantly to send to someone, make purchases using Apple Pay in stores, apps and on the web, or transfer it from Apple Pay Cash to their bank account. Do Not Disturb while driving Apple iOS 11 introduces a new way to help drivers stay more focused on the road with Do Not Disturb while driving. iPhone can detect when you may be driving and automatically silence notifications to keep the screen dark. Users have the option of sending an auto reply to contacts listed in Favorites to let them know they are driving and cannot respond until they arrive at their destination. Availability of iOS 11 Developer Preview The developer preview of iOS 11 is available to iOS Developer Program members starting today and a public beta program will be available to iOS users later this month. Apple iOS 11 will be available this fall as a free software update for iPhone 5s and later, all iPad Air and iPad Pro models, iPad 5th generation, iPad mini 2 and later and iPod touch 6th generation.    Next  Samsung premium infinity display    Previous  iPad Pro 10.5-inch tablet    News by brand:Apple    News by category:Software & OS    News by brand and category:Apple Software & OS Latest Apple announcements Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals New Apple App Store with 24 application categories watchOS 4 for Apple smartwatches Apple HomePod wireless music speaker Apple iOS 11 developer preview iPad Pro 10.5-inch tablet iPhone 8 pictures leaked iPhone 8 phone design Smart Hearing aids co-developed by Apple Apple opens premium Mall in United Arab Emirates Apple increases App Store prices 128GB iPad tablet from Apple 32GB iPhone SE preorder sales started Apple headquarters opens April 2017 128GB iPhone 7 Red   Latest news headlines Samsung Dex mobile phone docking station Apple macOS High Sierra desktop operating system Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals New Apple App Store with 24 application categories Samsung Electronics eco-friendly consumer products Samsung environmental activities around the world Samsung washing machines receive Design Award Garmin Approach GPS golf watch Samsung Galaxy S8 Limited Edition Rugged handheld devices market report 2017 watchOS 4 for Apple smartwatches Smartwatch market report 2017 Logitech premium conference camera Apple HomePod wireless music speaker Logitech iPad Pro keyboard cases       5G Accessories Android Galaxy iPhone Rumors Premium smartphones Camera Camera test Nikon SLR Underwater photography   CES CeBIT IFA Photokina PMA  
Latest News Dow 21,193 +19.09 +0.09% Nasdaq 6,291 -6.15 -0.10% S&P 500 2,432 -1.25 -0.05% 10:17 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:15 A.M. ET August gold down $19.20, or 1.5%, to $1,274/oz 10:15 A.M. ET Gold futures prices trade near the session's lows on Comex 10:15 A.M. ET Updated Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way 10:12 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock surge fuels rally in department store shares 10:11 A.M. ET Updated The food-delivery startup that could have a recipe for success 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Carvana soars after first earnings report, analysts say it isn't just another used-car company 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin WATCH LIVE: Comey hearing in Senate gets under way Home Personal Finance Apple gives consumers yet another option to make payments on their iPhones By Maria LaMagna Published: June 6, 2017 9:11 a.m. ET Share Apple has announced Apple Pay Cash, a new peer-to-peer payment system through iMessage Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook announces updates at a developer conference. By MariaLaMagna Reporter Need to pay your friend, your coworker or your babysitter, but don’t have cash on you? There’s yet another app for that. Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.46%   announced Monday at its developer conference it would begin allowing peer-to-peer payments by sending a message through its iMessage app. It will let consumers pay one another without leaving their messaging thread. Apple will also offer a digital debit card called Apple Pay Cash, where users can store their money online. The service will become available at the same time as Apple’s new iOS 11 operating system this fall, according to Recode. Apple did not immediately respond to MarketWatch’s request for comment. Consumers can already send one another money through Facebook’s FB, +0.10%   Messenger app, which is probably the most similar peer-to-peer payments service currently available. There is also a myriad of apps that allow you to pay a friend for a dinner or movie ticket using a smartphone, but experts said Apple’s offering could make them more mainstream. Mobile peer-to-peer payments are projected to quadruple between 2016 and 2021, according to the research firm Forrester. Forrester sees digital payments, including in-app purchases, peer-to-peer payments and retail purchases, reaching $283 billion by 2021, up from an estimated $112 billion at the end of 2016, Barron’s Next reported in February. One of the largest and fastest-growing is PayPal’s PYPL, -0.35%   Venmo, which processed $6.8 billion in transactions in the first quarter of 2017 alone, a 114% increase since the first quarter of 2016. And like Apple’s new peer-to-peer system, Venmo is currently available within iMessage. It is also available as a separate app that consumers can use. They must link a credit card or bank account with the service to use it. It is free to use. Financial institutions are not standing idly by. Several banks have also been working together as part of an organization called Early Warning, and have developed a competitor called Zelle that allows consumers who use different banks to pay one another. Google also allows consumers to pay one another on Google Wallet. And Square Cash also allows peer-to-peer payments and is available already through iMessage. Don’t miss: Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 The big difference between these and Apple Pay Cash: Apple’s service will be downloaded as part of the iOS upgrade, just like Photos or Maps. Apple’s new addition could make more consumers aware of the various ways they can use their phones to pay one another, “helping to raise the rising tide of peer to peer payments,” said Mark Ranta, the head of digital payments at ACI Worldwide ACIW, -0.09%  , a payment systems company. Consumers may also appreciate being able to stay within iMessage to complete their transaction, rather than having to visit a separate app, which often has its own password or other type of authentication, Ranta said. But there are a few obvious drawbacks to Apple’s service, said Brendan Miller, a principal analyst at Forrester. Only consumers who have Apple devices, which use iMessage, will be able to use it, he said. And not all of those who have those devices have even registered for Apple Pay. That might make it less desirable than a service like Venmo, which they can use regardless of which device they have. “Venmo is not going away anytime soon,” he said. Indeed, after Apple’s announcement, a spokesman for Venmo remained unfazed by Apple’s announcement. “We welcome any developments that help people move away from the awkwardness of cash,” he said. Apple shares have gained 33% in 2017, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.09%  has gained 7% and the S&P 500 SPX, -0.05%  has gained 9%. See also This is one reason why the rich will get richer The number of people with credit cards has hit levels not seen since before the Great Recession Metal credit cards: The latest American status symbol Quote References AAPL -0.71 -0.46% FB +0.15 +0.10% PYPL -0.19 -0.35% ACIW -0.02 -0.09% DJIA +19.09 +0.09% SPX -1.25 -0.05% Show all references Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Maria LaMagna Maria LaMagna covers personal finance for MarketWatch in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Maria LaMagna Maria LaMagna covers personal finance for MarketWatch in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.66 -0.71 (-0.46%) Volume 4.7M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.12 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 810.1B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $153.27 +0.15 (+0.10%) Volume 3.5M Open $154.08 High $154.50 Low $153.10 P/E Ratio 40.6 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 443.7B PayPal Holdings Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: PYPL $53.66 -0.19 (-0.35%) Volume 960.2K Open $54.03 High $54.05 Low $53.64 P/E Ratio 45.55 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 64.7B ACI Worldwide Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ACIW $22.93 -0.02 (-0.09%) Volume 11596 Open $23.01 High $23.13 Low $22.81 P/E Ratio 71.42 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.7B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,192.78 +19.09 (+0.09%) Volume 55.7M Open 21,170 High 21,205 Low 21,155 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,431.89 -1.25 (-0.05%) Volume 400.2M Open 2,434 High 2,436 Low 2,429 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/new-data-backs-idea-that-apple-is-winning-wearables-1496686497 Hot Stocks New Data Backs Idea that Apple is Winning Wearables In a new third-party report from research firm IDC, Fitbit falls to third place for wearable shipments, behind Apple and Xiaomi. By Emily Bary June 5, 2017 2:14 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Apple and Xiaomi each shipped 3.6 million wearable devices in the first quarter, according to market research firm IDC. Fitbit shipped 3 million devices. Photo: Fitbit A new report backs the idea that wearables pioneer Fitbit is losing ground to Apple and Xiaomi, a Chinese company. Research firm IDC said Monday that Fitbit dropped to third place in terms of wearables shipments in the first quarter. A report from Strategy Analytics, another firm that estimates device shipments, said the same thing last month. Get the best of Barron's Next every weekday. By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. I'd like to receive updates and special offers from Dow Jones and affiliates. Email address is not valid. Agree to the policies to sign up. Subscribe Congratulations! You have been subscribed to our daily Barron’s Next newsletter Newsletters will start being sent to you within 48 hours. Review our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. The report highlights how consumer preferences around wearables are quickly changing. Just six months ago, folks seemed to want simple fitness bands because they didn’t see a use for all those smartwatch features. Now, more complex devices like the Apple Watch are picking up steam. IDC estimates that shipments totaled 24.7 million in the first quarter of 2017, up 64% relative to a year ago. Xiaomi and Apple each shipped 3.6 million wearable units, according to IDC. Fitbit shipped 3 million. The health gauge on the wearables market can be fuzzy, since Apple doesn’t disclose sales data for the watch. Instead, investors are forced to rely on third-party data from firms like IDC and Strategy Analytics. As a pure-play public company, though, Fitbit can’t get away with the same level of ambiguity when it comes to sales. Every three months, the company discloses how many units it has sold, along with its financial results. In its latest quarter, Fitbit sold 3 million devices versus 4.8 a year earlier. The company, which is mainly reliant on activity-specific trackers, has said it’s in the midst of a “transition year” in which it will emphasize watches more. In response to the IDC data, a Fitbit spokesperson said that “we are uniquely positioned for success as we enter the next phase of wearables, delivering more utility and powerful insights as these devices move from a nice to have, to a need to have.” Big Picture: More data suggest that Fitbit is falling behind Apple in the wearables market. More from Barron’s Next Fitbit’s Pain Is Apple’s Gain How Apple Is Trying to Fix This Weak Link Can Smartwatches Save These 2 Companies? Text Size Regular Medium Large Most Popular Why Pandora Tanked Today Tesla’s Annual Meeting: What You Need to Know One Number That Should Trouble Snap’s Investors How to Build a More Fashionable Nike Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 10 2017 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 Smart CEO 2017 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Hard Drive On The Road Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Food and Dining Kitchen Classic Restaurant Review People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) Business Elite 2020 (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Bangladesh Special Report Cookbook Bundle of Joy Health Line Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Technology Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Infographics| Supplements| Flight Status | Style More Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports | ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Technology Six tricks: Apple's new HomePod speaker banners slew of major announcements Alvin R. Cabral/San Jose, California Filed on June 6, 2017 | Last updated on June 6, 2017 at 04.56 am Share More > Vote Apple's new HomePod wireless speaker during the media hands-on session at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center in California on Monday. (Photo by Alvin R. Cabral) Virtual reality headsets being demonstrated during the media hands-on session of Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center in California on Monday. (Photo by Alvin R. Cabral) ARKit, a tool to create augmented reality applications, being demonstrated during the media hands-on session of Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center in California on Monday. (Photo by Alvin R. Cabral) The new iMacs during the media hands-on session of Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center in California on Monday. (Photo by Alvin R. Cabral) The new MacBooks on display during the media hands-on session of Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center in California on Monday. (Photo by Alvin R. Cabral) MONSTER: The new 27-inch iMac Pro, featuring up to an 18-core CPU, up to 22 teraflops of computing power, up to 128GB of memory and a new space grey colour, during the media hands-on session of Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center in California on Monday. (Photo by Alvin R. Cabral) iOS 11, macOS High Sierra previewed; all-new powerful iMac flaunted Tim Cook promised six announcements at the beginning of the keynote of the Worldwide Developers Conference. In the end, it was another slew of innovations that offered seemingly infinite possibilities. Apple's biggest event lived up to its billing, after weeks of speculation and anticipation. In the first WWDC back at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center in California after 15 years, a video depicting an "apppocalypse" was played, reminding developers to "keep making apps; the world is depending on you". "An awful lot has changed [since the WWDC was last held in San Jose]. But what hasn't changed is our commitment to the developer community and our ability to do amazing things together," Cook, the CEO of the world's most valuable company, said. And with his pledge that this year's WWDC was going to be the "best and biggest" ever, Cook kicked off the over-two-hour keynote, full of Apple's usual flair and surprises. tvOS The first of the six "important" announcements was about tvOS. With the recent introduction of the TV app on the Apple TV, iPhone and iPad, discovering content was made easier and better. It was launched with the support from only a handful of video channels, but today over 50 partners are integrated into it. To boost this, Cook announced that Amazon Prime Video will be coming to the Apple TV later this year, which will add thousands of videos, including original content.   Apple Watch Though Apple has never given official figures about its one and only wearable, Cook said it's the No.1 smartwatch globally and is only set to grow further. Kevin Lynch, vice-president of technology at Apple, introduced watchOS 4, which introduced three new watch faces - Siri, Kaleidoscope and characters from Toy Story. The crown on the Watch can also be used to scroll up and down through app windows. The first new face, Siri, extends the capabilities of Apple's AI assistant; each raise of the wrist, the on-screen information is updated depending on the time of the day, daily routines and data from relevant apps such as Activity, Alarms, Calendar, Maps and Reminders, among others. In addition, a redesigned Music app was also unveiled, which automatically syncs song mixes to most listened tracks. Person-to-person payments with Apple Pay will also be made available, using Messages or Siri. The watchOS update will be rolled out in the fall. Prices for the Apple Watch remain the same: Series 1 starting at Dh1,099; Series 2 and Nike+ both starting at Dh1,499; and Watch Edition starting at Dh4,999. Macs, macOS Cook described the Mac as "important to fuelling the world's passion for creativity". Craig Federighi, Apple's senior vice-president of software engineering, previewed macOS High Sierra. He teased that the name may be misconstrued - the present macOS is called Sierra, which brought Siri and Apple Pay, among others, to Macs - but said the new name was "fully-baked" in jest. "High Sierra is all about 'deep technologies'," he said, "to provide a powerful platform for future innovations." High Sierra's new features include the company's own Apple File System, which Federighi says guarantees break-neck speeds and helps protect against data from power outages and system crashes, while also keeping files safe with native encryption. High-efficiency video coding was also introduced, enabling video streaming and playback of 4K video that are also up to 40 per cent smaller than the current standard. Metal 2, Apple's developer kit, was also unveiled, which features a refined API and souped-up performance to help developers accelerate apps, while also adding machine language support. Combined, the new Macs will, for the first time, add support for virtual reality content creation. Among big-name VR companies coming onboard are Valve, Unity and Epic. Final Cut Pro X will later this year add support for professional 360-degree workflows. As for apps, Photos has a new always-on sidebar that shows albums and organisation tools; Safari now has Autoplay Blocking and Intelligent Tracking Prevention; and Siri responds with a more natural voice. As for the hardware side, iMacs will now be 43 per cent brighter, support up to one billion colours and move into the latest 7th-generation Intel Core Kaby Lake processors. In terms of memory capacity, the 21.5-inch model can now be configured to up to 32GB of memory, while the 27-inch version up to 64GB - both double the previous generation's. On the latter, Fusion Drive will be the standard, which features up to 2TB of storage and up to 50 per cent faster solid state drives; this will also apply to the higher-end 21.5-inch iMac. Two Thunderbolt ports supporting USB Type-C will also be added. Furthermore, the entry-level 21.5-inch iMac will now have up to 80 per cent faster graphics, while the Retina 4K version will have up to three times faster graphics. Apple also decided to go "nutty" and unveiled an absolute monster: the newest 27-inch Retina 5K will also come in a new space grey colour and mouth-watering specs: up to an 18-core Xeon processor, up to 22 teraflops of computing power and up to 128GB of memory. The new iMacs ship in December. MacBooks were refreshed as well, with all models moving to Kaby Lake processors and getting up to 50 per cent faster SSDs, with the 15-inch MacBook Pro model will have faster standard graphics.   iOS 11 As expected, the newest iteration of Apple's mobile operating system was unveiled. Cook says iOS has an "industry-leading 96 per cent satisfaction", and even took a shot at rival Google's Android platform, which he says "suffers from horrible fragmentation". iOS 11 features a more powerful Siri, which can now translate five languages - Chinese, French, German, Italian and Spanish. On-device learning was also added; Siri takes note of what's being browsed in Safari and can make suggestions on, for example, Messages or Mail. The Portrait Mode in the Camera app can now be taken with optical image stabilisation, True Tone flash and HDR. Loop and Bounce effects, as well as Long Exposure, have also been added to Live Photos. Apple also introduced a new file format - High Efficiency Image File - reducing the size of a photo in half while maitaining the same quality. On Maps, a new Do Not Disturb While Driving feature was added, safety being in mind while on the road. An iPhone can detect while you are driving, which will automatically silence notifications and keep the screen dark. Maps will now also display speed limits. Augmented reality was also flaunted on iOS 11 with ARKit, a new platform that will help developers create high-quality AR content, akin to what is seen in Pokemon GO. Other new features on iOS 11, among others, include a redesigned App Store and Control Center, and person-to-person Apple Pay capabilities. iPad The long-rumoured 10.5-inch iPad Pro was finally confirmed, and it's more powerful than ever. A better 12.9-inch version was also revealed. Bannering the new tablets is the new 64-bit A10X chip; with a six-core CPU and 12-core GPU, it promises better and faster performance up to 30 per cent and 60 per cent, respectively, compared to the A9. The redesigned Retina Display - the brightest on an iPad to date - features Apple's new ProMotion technology, which provides refresh rates up to 120Hz. The Apple Pencil was also given an upgrade, now more responsive with an industry-best 20-millisecond latency. With iOS 11 on the iPad, new features were also introduced, most notable the new Dock similar to what is seen on Macs; multi-touch Drag and Drop that allows content to be transferred between apps in any mode, including Split View and Slide Over; the new Files app that organises files whether locally or on cloud storages; and a new document scanner in Notes. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro starts at Dh2,499, while the 12.9-inch version starts at Dh2,999. HomePod Probably the biggest announcement of the day also served as a notice to Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. The new Siri-powered HomePod, Apple's first entry into the category, was described by Apple's senior vice-president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller as a "breakthrough". "Apple reinvented portable music with the iPod, and now HomePod will reinvent how we enjoy music wirelessly throughout our homes," he added. HomePod was designed with six microphones, allowing seamless communication even while music is playing. It uses spatial awareness to sense where it is in a room and automatically adjusts the way it sends out audio. Designed to work with Apple Music, it displays intelligence by learning a user's personal preferences, helping discover new audio tracks. As a home assistant, HomePod allows users to send messages, get updates on news and even control smart home devices using Siri. HomePods were on display at the event, but won't be available until December. It will initially be rolled out in Australia, the UK and the US for $349 (Dh1,280). It will be available in other countries early next year. In his concluding remarks, Cook beamed confidence with Apple's new offerings, and looked forward to a more powerful developer community. "We've shared lots of things with you this morning," he said. "I hope everyone here has a fantastic week." - alvin@khaleejtimes.com Share More > Vote MORE FROM Technology Mobiles WWDC 2017: Apple launches iOS 11 Apple also made improvements to Siri including making the assistant's ... READ MORE Technology Will Apple's six tricks work wonders? iOS 11, macOS High Sierra previewed; all-new powerful iMac flaunted READ MORE Business A hotel room where you feel at home As a senior business executive, Alexandros Chatzieleftheriou spent... READ MORE Technology System aims to recreate challenging mountain... After spending time in Switzerland studying and hiking in the Alps,... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Government Mohammed approves Dubai Police's new identity... These three principles are identical to the goals of the Dubai Police ... READ MORE Saudi Arabia Trump talks Qatar crisis with King Salman The two leaders discussed the critical goals of preventing the... READ MORE Region Qataris banned from Qantas flights to Dubai UAE has banned the Qatar nationals from passing through its airports... READ MORE Qatar Jordan downgrades diplomatic relations with Qatar Jordan joins the list of nations in the Gulf region to sever... READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /apps/pbcs.dll/section?category=listing&profile=1041 macro_action: listing, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Region Latest: UAE among 4 Arab nations to sever ties with Qatar 212374 views | 5 June 2017 Qatar Qatar crisis: How you will be affected 79517 views | 5 June 2017 Nation Emirates, Etihad, Air Arabia, flydubai suspend flights to Qatar 68168 views | 5 June 2017 Crime Dubai woman jailed for flashing middle finger in road rage 37902 views | 6 June 2017 Crime Killer of 11-year-old UAE boy disguised as woman 35914 views | 6 June 2017 Dubai Flying out of Dubai tonight? Here's an important announcement 32654 views | 6 June 2017 Abu Dhabi UAE asks Qataris to leave in 14 days 30011 views | 5 June 2017 Philippines Philippines halts workers’ deployment to Qatar 25857 views | 6 June 2017 Aviation Saudi Arabia revokes license of Qatar Airways, offices to close 23905 views | 6 June 2017 Qatar Qatar row Day 2 developments: The crisis deepens 23782 views | 6 June 2017 Pakistan Special flights to fly back Pakistanis from Doha 19456 views | 6 June 2017 Nation UAE supports Saudi, Bahrain statements on Qatar 19109 views | 5 June 2017 India Video: Indian bride wears shorts at her wedding 17104 views | 6 June 2017 Pakistan Pakistani cleaner dies as doctors refuses to touch his dirty body 14203 views | 6 June 2017 Region Kuwaiti Ruler to travel to Saudi for Qatar talks 13993 views | 6 June 2017 Qatar Qatar crisis: How you will be affected 80 votes | 5 June 2017 Bollywood Video: Bollywood beauty Sunny Leone's plane almost crashes 68 votes | 31 May 2017 Ras Al Khaimah Man dies after car falls off cliff in Ras Al Khaimah 57 votes | 1 June 2017 Sharjah Landlord throws UAE family out, police offer hotel stay 51 votes | 4 June 2017 In The City 13 exciting things to do in UAE this weekend 51 votes | 1 June 2017 Abu Dhabi UAE police car overturns after speeding vehicle rams into it 46 votes | 1 June 2017 Europe Now travel passport-free between these countries 45 votes | 2 June 2017 General Missing Abu Dhabi boy found dead 44 votes | 2 June 2017 Region Latest: UAE among 4 Arab nations to sever ties with Qatar 43 votes | 5 June 2017 Nation Video: UAE condemns blast in Saudi Arabia's Al Qatif 42 votes | 1 June 2017 Crime Killer of 11-year-old UAE boy disguised as woman 38 votes | 6 June 2017 Dubai Look! Dubai has planted a 'forest' under a flyover 34 votes | 3 June 2017 Qatar Qatar row Day 2 developments: The crisis deepens 34 votes | 6 June 2017 General No one wants India-Pakistan peace more than these kids 32 votes | 1 June 2017 Saudi Arabia Kuwaiti Ruler arrives in Saudi on 'brotherly visit' 31 votes | 6 June 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Digg Skip to content, or skip to search. Home Video Editions Store Search Search Search Sign In / Sign Up Live Apple Announces Smart Speaker HomePod, And Other Good Stuff From WWDC  Apple HEY LOOK IT'S A SPEAKER Apple Announces Smart Speaker HomePod, And Other Good Stuff From WWDC Steve Rousseau Jun 5 2017, 9:52 AM 32 diggs Save Share Tweet 'nana Blacklist story Blacklist domain ​Did you have a restful weekend? Are you ready for a whole slew of Apple product news? Well, friend, it's your lucky day. At Apple's annual developer conference keynote on Monday, the Cupertino company announced a brand new smart speaker called HomePod, a new iPad Pro, new MacBooks and iMacs, and a lot of updates to MacOS and iOS. Below, you'll find the highlights in reverse chronological order. So if you missed the keynote, and want to experience the whole thing from start-to-finish, go on and scroll down to the bottom to start from the beginning. One More Thing... HomePod In Short: It's a Siri-enabled speaker for $349. It'll probably sound better than an Echo and be more functional than a Sonos. You can get it in December. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/5abb3b79075a43cf94203715e9ba4f24_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   When can you get it, and for how much? The answer is December and $349. It comes in two colors. Compared to Alexa, Apple says that HomePod will not be listening to you all the time, waiting for the "Hey Siri" wake word. Also anything it sends to Apple will be encrypted. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/948f3c9bd069460b86689e1f4bc480d1_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Outside of music, here's a list of things a HomePod can do. It'll also work with any HomeKit device — functioning as a base you can access with phone. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/47222916cdc84a1eb2a265f55b2f5eca_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   It sports six microphones, and the top lights up when you say "Hey Siri." Importantly, it'll have Siri functionality, so you don't need a series of rote commands to work it. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/c52f785baad84868bd0182d378d2f15e_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   It has good guts. A Woofer and tweeters and an Apple A8 chip to make everything sound good. It'll detect the room, the song you're playing and alter the mix to make it sound, presumably, better. A full mix to "fill the room." You can even buy two and they'll work in concert with each other. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/3c7cc02027bb44c1a00a732032fcc55e_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   So here it is: HomePod. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/cbe927135de146e28f81a9b552551f21_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Tim Cook thinks that when it comes to music at home, we can do better. Apple wants to reinvent home music. They want to combine a Sonos with an Echo. iPad Pro In Short: The new entry-level iPad Pro will have a 10.5-inch display with a 120 hz refresh rate. They ship next week. Tim Cook calls it "perfect." &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/b0f7b2752afb49c5ad60b8d3fe07d35a_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   There are a bunch of improvements to the Markup app, but the best thing is probably the fact that with iOS 11, your iPad can now read and index your handwriting for searching later. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/fd52ffc11c2b44eaa57fa2188ffd0d99_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   We hope you're sitting down for this. On the iPad, iOS 11 will feature a file browser. It's called Files. Incredible. You can browse all your files on the iPad, with a single app. The crowd is going wild. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/5ce42a0872b54dcababe2f61b8c66300_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Basic GUI functionality like dragging and dropping stuff? Yeah it's there. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/5228fcba3d8e4530b0358683e5a2dada_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Oh wait, there are also some iOS 11 improvements to the iPad! The dock? It's larger. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/251f618c35af4470b52a03faf31969da_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   So two versions of the iPad Pro now. Both starting at 64 GB. Here's all the prices, they ship next week. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/2fe0ce554e684c94a315297d72b3f1fc_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Pro gamers will be excited to learn that the iPad Pro will have a 120hz refresh rate. It'll make your scrolling "buttery smooth" if that's your kinda thing. More importantly, it'll make the Apple Pencil more responsive. And if you're worried about this killing battery life: Don't. The iPad Pro will have the ability to switch refresh rates based on the app you're using. Powering all this will be a new processor, the A10x Fusion — the, you guessed it, the most powerful yet. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/a0d61024739746698cbc4255fcc69e46_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Well hey would you look at that, a new iPad Pro. It's the iPad Pro, but with a 10.5-inch display — settling in between the 9.7-inch and 13-inch version. The Goldilocks iPad Pro, if you will. iOS 11 In Short: Siri will now be watching your every action to make "useful" suggestions to you. Expect a wave of AR applications. The App Store looks better. All of this will be yours come this Autumn. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/e641a69ed93e470d9279d575a083ade8_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   You know how Populous was designed to look like you're playing on a table? AR kit will allow you to turn any table into a moving scene you can walk around, zoom in on and frame as you see fit. Like an in-game cutscene on your phone, I suppose. Watching Peter Jackson's Wingnut Studios demo it has a real wave-of-the-future feeling. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/0ba8b6209bfb4c448517f2c1eb560d94_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Perhaps the coolest addition iOS 11 will bring is AR support. Developers will now have access to ARKit, an API that will draw on the existing hardware in the iPhone and iPad to bring fast, functional AR to your mobile device. In other words, Pokémon Go is going to look so much better. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/67d5d98ee1094e3da89aebc626a3779d_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   On the user side, the App Store is getting a redesign — chief of which is the Today tab. Apple wanted to recapture the "magic" of the early App Store, where users would excitedly visit the story daily to see what new Apps hit the marketplace. Today basically functions as a curated feed of new and noteworthy apps. Games and Apps will also get their own dedicated tabs for the traditionalists. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/7ff47a1a7ef64df89cd8ba90242507bd_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   The App Store is getting some updates — for developers (Hey! this is a dev conference after all.) Here they are, in word cloud form. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/af352d47a7ef41629a58824dfbe6fbb4_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   iOS 11 comes with Airplay 2 — which lets you configure and control, hmm, speakers in various rooms. This seems like an update for something else Apple might be working on that has a speaker. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/9fb2ea5d42fc409a96d2b30fa23ae96d_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   The Maps app will now support floorplan layouts of everyone's favorite places: Malls and airports. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/c5fce5289d484647b836a071d3f525e8_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Going back to Siri learning more about you. If you read a single article about something the News app will suggest more articles about that thing, and then when you go to text people about that thing it'll correct you when you attempt to spell it. Here, the example given is Iceland — which is so hot right now. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/8519dda80ee64086a97af73f6de92776_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Have you ever unlocked your phone with a bunch of notifications on the home screen? iOS 11 is going to make browsing those notifications a little easier by just swiping up once the phone is unlocked. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/93db4dc49f3d4b15aa721496f8534696_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Control Center is getting a welcome update. It's a single page. You can 3D Touch into more options. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/a1a10e0f669d4bb6918982c2c2f23724_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   For those with aging iPhones and free iCloud storage, iOS 11 will capture images with a new image format that will, practically speaking, take up less space on your device. Apple assures that it'll be compatible across platforms. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/69c4870543ee4be0bb3a7df974f25b7d_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Of course, these are just parlor tricks compared to the biggest change to Siri: On-device learning. Basically, Siri tracks what you do and what you look at and suggests stuff for you. Sounds awesome and incredibly terrifying.  &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/e6d62fc6e8084635a99b2f9863576ecf_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Siri is getting a new voice. It sounds less like... Siri? For example, it can say the same word with different inflections. It can also translate, which actually seems way easier than just Googling "Order coffee french." &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/fdd479fd54bb41cc831758b6c2300303_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   You can also now just pay people with Apple Pay straight in messages. So yet another way to send money over the internet. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/a165e842c1a34d07ab94ac91215f1462_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   The first big update is to messages. Which will now store all your messages in the cloud. Good news if you stay signed into a device that's not yours. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/671bb84e09934c548626440a0bedae01_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Yup. They made the joke. iOS is getting turned up... to 11. Mac, MacBook And iMac Pro In Short: The iMac and MacBook Pro get a spec upgrade. The iMac Pro replaces the Mac Pro as a workstation machine. It starts at $4999 and you can get one in December. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/8ef967f93bd74208a1f17e3e3a1fa395_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   It might be the most "powerful" iMac ever created, but the price seems... somewhat reasonable? You can get it in December for $4999. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/a7e61388f9734690b67e493200b68ea4_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   New to the iMac lineup, the iMac Pro. It's space-gray not silver. You can get it with an 18-core Xeon processor, Radeon Vega graphics, 128 GB of ECC memory and a 4TB SSD.  &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/8e09cb00be874e74863c94bd3e2818e6_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   The MacBook Pro also gets a bump in terms of CPU (Kaby Lake) and GPU, and a price drop for the 15-inch MBP. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/b594713c33a34a189e5e08648f9720a7_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   And here's all that in Keynote bullet point form. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/defdf096f6664caea0f70166a5e607f2_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Hardware announcements at WWDC? Sure. New iMacs will support better displays, 7th-gen Intel Kaby Lake CPUs, up to 64 GB of RAM, Fusion Drives are now standard, and new GPU options — most importantly 4K iMacs will come with discreet graphics cards, Radeon Pro cards, which should be a huge upgrade when it comes to churning out polygons and VR support. Here's all that running an Unreal Engine 4 VR app on a 27-inch iMac. macOS In Short: High Sierra is a refined version of macOS Sierra with a new filesystem and graphics API. Also an easy target for weed jokes. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/5c3dc969001548bdac20e6847b545a7b_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   If you thought a new file system was exciting, well, get a load of this: High Sierra will feature a new graphics API: Metal 2. This means better performance for games, functionality for AI and machine learning processing, support for external workstation graphics and, most importantly, VR is coming to the Mac. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/aa269045b83446e8a5b1950d01ab6d59_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   "Deep Technology" is what Apple is touting as the strong point of High Sierra. The first part of that is introducing a new file system: Apple File System, or APFS. According to Apple it's faster and more secure, but probably a pain when transferring files between Mac and Windows machines. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/415825e8e46040cd8abcf35fcb779c0c_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   The Mail app gets a split-screen view in case you're the kinda person to do emails in fullscreen mode. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/300a124af23d473ca8db2c376a8765ce_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   The first big feature? Safari has feature to block autoplay videos. Which seems like a pretty good reason to switch? &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/225f297e514c4c5eb2d7e419f51c9c72_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   There's a new version of macOS Sierra. It's called High Sierra. Which is the highest point of the Sierra Nevada mountains. They made weed jokes. watchOS In Short: Siri will now recommend stuff for you on your watch. There are some Toy Story watch faces you can use. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/7f337d3c89044b4e882e3739e8785a8e_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Changes to the Music app, you can guess, will also incorporate some elements of personalization pulled from Apple Music. It also sports an album art-driven design, if that's important to you. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/b4d8668051e9495f852fde325a110df9_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   The same sort of personalization is coming to Activity as well. Your watch will now push you to work harder — in case you're not hard enough on yourself already. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/3c23a2f59e094d7aa00005f481044d26_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Say hello to a new version of watchOS, watchOS 4. The first big change is a Siri-powered watch face. It uses "machine intelligence" to give you a "dynamically-updating" face as you glance at your watch throughout the day. The first few hints that Apple is going to bolster Siri's role as a digital assistant. tvOS In Short: I mean, it was one thing. You can watch Amazon Prime Video on your Apple TV. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/d1b718bdde264e00b0a6b2e2c0c3b4e1_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   The only. big update to tvOS? Amazon Prime video. And yup, that's it. Cook says you'll hear more updates "later this year." Opening... Remarks? &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/03c3b539756d4d9c9dce24374aad8c98_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Anyway, Tim Cook takes the stage and claims, as he loves to do, that this WWDC is the "biggest ever." Here are some Keynote bullet points to prove that to you. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/4895eed11b65404fbd1aa03145f84660_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   WWDC 2017 kicks off with a video imagining what would happen if the world didn't have app developers? (Spoiler: Apocalypse I guess?) &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/6eb6f72cc9eb49c1bddae6b42b66ca4d_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   The stoke levels are very high. A lot of waving at the camera. Some guy got his MacBook to say "WOW" and is offering it up to the Apple Gods. &amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/f179bacd2f6c4066b4ec64a8de24e80d_2rKOePK_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;gt;   Hey we're live! People are milling about, waiting for the thing to start. Here's an image of that happening. For more tech news, check out our Technology Channel Related Stories I/O BOY Just The Good Stuff From Wednesday's Google I/O Keynote 27 diggs Google Technology Digg Original RAISING THE TOUCH BAR Just The Good Stuff From Apple's MacBook Pro Event 38 diggs Technology Business Digg Original Digg Roundup iOS 10 LOOKS KINDA GOOD? Just The Good Stuff From Apple's WWDC Keynote 65 diggs Technology Digg Original News Steve Rousseau is the Features Editor at Digg.  NOTHING LOST IN TRANSLATION Polyglot Runs Into Another Polyglot And They Have A Casual Chat In 15 Languages 77 diggs Video Language Video Dutch polyglot Wouter Corduwener often films himself speaking the various languages he knows with tourists. But recently he ran into another tourist who speaks 35 (35!) languages, and they had a nice, casual chat. 77 diggs Save Share Tweet 'nana Blacklist story Blacklist domain NOT THE TIME, DONALD Why Is Trump Feuding With The Mayor Of London? 11 diggs News Politics Donald Trump Digg Original Explainer Over the weekend, a horrifying attack rocked London, leaving 7 people dead and 48 injured. While world leaders rushed to show solidarity with the international city, Donald Trump used the opportunity to lash out at the city's progressive mayor. 11 diggs Save Share Tweet 'nana Blacklist story Blacklist domain DON'T USE THIS INFO FOR EVIL How Does Lock Picking Work? Watch A Pro Pick A Clear Lock 73 diggs Video Explainer Video What's actually going on inside a lock when a lock picker goes to work on it? Here's a good look. 73 diggs Save Share Tweet 'nana Blacklist story Blacklist domain Want more stories like this? Every day we send an email with the top stories and videos from Digg. Enter your email address Subscribe Saved ✖ About FAQ Blog Jobs Advertise Submit a Link Community Guidelines Terms Privacy © 2017 Digg Inc. Home Video Editions Store
2017.6.8 목 로그인 회원가입 페이스북 트위터 인스타그램 구글+ 기사제보 독자투고 광고신청 구독신청 기사검색 + 영남알프스 노컷뉴스 울산 전체 뉴스Now 오피니언 사설 반구대 시론 경제칼럼 문화산책 현장소리 사는이야기 독자 기고 뉴스에세이 아침을 여는 시 데스크 칼럼 기자의 눈 울산의 창 기타 정치 종합 지방의회 국회/정당 행정/외교 북한/통일 청와대 선거 기타 경제 기업 경제단체 금융/증권 유통 건설/부동산 해운/항만 농축수산업 중소기업 기타 사회 노동 환경/생태 교육 자치단체 검찰/법조 사건/사고 사회단체 기타 문화 공연 전시 축제/행사 향토문화사 문화재 문학/출판 종교 울산 방송가 김일훈의 민속을 말하다 김창일의 울산 농어촌 사계 드론으로 보는 울산의 문화재 민용기의 POP과 JAZZ 태화강재즈페스티벌 음악에세이 연재 기타 포토 포토뉴스 만평 이슈포토 그래픽 카드뉴스 그시절 산속 풍경 렌즈 속 이야기 화보 영상 영상뉴스 울산 Go 울산매일Q 사건사고 드론풍경 제19대 대선 영남알프스 속살이야기 울산매일+ 사람과삶 사람과삶 외신 연예 방송 연예가 영화 음악 기타 스포츠 축구 야구 농구 골프 울산체육 기타 지방 부산 양산 기타 기획 기획특집 울산이 부른다 Life&Joy 부동산 해오름 문화유산탐방 건강의료 울산야생화 탐사 기타 생활정보 날씨 행사 경제지표 오늘운세 로또 건강생활Q&A 경매 생활법률 회화-중국어 회화-영어 고용/노동 Q&A 증권 정보과학 기타 열린마당 본사알림 알림 부음 결혼 인사 모집 독자권익위원회 청소년기자 뉴스 뉴스NOW 정치 경제 사회 문화 사람과삶 외신 연예 스포츠 지방 현대·기아차 출시 앞둔 소형SUV ‘엇갈린 운명’ 스토닉 출시준비 순조… 코나는 노사갈등에 험난한 여정 ‘필리핀 계엄령’에도 여행사들은 항공권 취소 수수료 챙겨 “회사방침”… 안전위협 여행지 불구 ‘장삿속’ 불만 폭주 이채익 의원 ‘국회의원 헌정대상’ 현대차그룹, ‘쇳물에서 자동차까지’ 전 생산과정 수직계열화 공정자산 218조6,250억원… 16년만에 505% 증가 오피니언 사설 반구대 시론 경제칼럼 문화산책 현장소리 사는이야기 뉴스에세이 아침을 여는 시 데스크 칼럼 기자의 눈 독자기고 울산의창 [현장소리 칼럼] 울산지역 창업생태계는 활성화 될 수 있을까? [뉴스에세이 칼럼] ‘가야사(史)연구·복원’ 바르게 가야 [독자기고 칼럼] 가족·이웃 돌아보게 한 경주지진 포토 포토뉴스 만평 이슈포토 그래픽 카드뉴스 그시절 산속풍경 렌즈 속 이야기 화보 입국한 정유라 아들과 보모 기아차, 소형 SUV '스토닉' 이미지 공개 기아차, 소형 SUV '스토닉' 이미지 공개 연구용 폰 8천대 빼돌린 삼성전자 직원 영상 영상뉴스 울산 Go 울산매일Q 사건사고 드론풍경 제19대 대선 영남알프스 속살이야기 울산매일+ [영상뉴스] '기억의 리얼리즘'이 거둔 갚진 성취 [영상뉴스] 28일, 태화강대공원에서 '울산의 영웅'을 구출하라! [영상뉴스] '울산'스러운 장생포, '고래 축제' 열린다 [영상뉴스] 울산 염포산 터널서 '구조의 길'…시민의식 '감동' 기획 기획특집 울산이 부른다 Life&Joy 부동산 해오름 문화유산탐방 건강의료 울산야생화 탐사 2시간만에 ‘한류의 심장’ 입성… 하루쯤은 ‘강남 스타일∼’ [울산맛집-도쿄참치] 선홍빛 육질 고소하고 담백…눈으로 느끼고 입으로 한번 더 빨리 치료해야 임신 성공률 높아져 울산대병원 환경보건센터 ‘제9회 울산 환경페어’ 참가 환경성질환 예방·관리 중요성 홍보 신문보기 상세검색   검색기간 전체 1년 한달 일주일 3일 오늘   ~   섹션별 섹션을 선택해주세요. 뉴스Now 오피니언 정치 경제 사회 문화 포토 영상 사람과삶 외신 연예 스포츠 지방 기획 생활정보 열린마당 검색영역 전체 제목 부제목 제목+부제목 제목 + 본문 본문 기자 콘텐츠 범위 전체 기사내 사진 포함 기사내 동영상 포함 검색어 검색 초기화 상단여백 뉴스NOW 캐스팅보트 국민의당 비토…강경화 '인사암초'에 정국 급랭한국당 이채익 청문위원 막말 논란 "고문 당해봤냐" "내 일 아닌데 뭐" 中 뺑소니차 치인 여성 외면, 2차사고로 사망한국에도 왔던 고무오리 러버덕, 캐나다서 '가짜' 논란 공용 하이패스로 출퇴근·공금횡령… 행정 난맥상통행료 안내고 하이패스 700회 통과…화물차 기사 벌금형 김종훈 의원·민노총 "노동자 생존권 사수 릴레이 단식"현대중 노사 올해 임금협상 시작…작년 임단협 병행 새울원전 임직원 울주 지역아동센터에 3천만원 지원울산시 중구, 태풍 차바 피해 하천 복구 완료 이재용 부회장과 카톡한다는 20대 차장검사…실체는 사기꾼'웬 날벼락'…학과 MT 갔다 전신마비된 대학생 골프 유망주 치킨값 '들썩'…BBQ 한달만에 또 기습인상, 최대 2천원↑맹독성 '파란고리문어' 주의보…거제 앞바다서 발견 머스크의 스페이스X, 美공군 군사위성도 쏜다'아이패드 프로' 노트북의 대안 될수 있을까 울산 중구 야외물놀이장 3곳 20일 개장바닥 기던 트위터, 한국서만 점유율 훌쩍 TV 안 보는 1인 가구…TV보유율·유료방송가입률 최저울산대공원 동물원 임시 휴장…AI 방역 열기/닫기 닫기 뉴스NOW 캐스팅보트 국민의당 비토…강경화 '인사암초'에 정국 급랭 5시간 전 한국당 이채익 청문위원 막말 논란 "고문 당해봤냐" 5시간 전 "내 일 아닌데 뭐" 中 뺑소니차 치인 여성 외면, 2차사고로 사망 5시간 전 한국에도 왔던 고무오리 러버덕, 캐나다서 '가짜' 논란 5시간 전 공용 하이패스로 출퇴근·공금횡령… 행정 난맥상 5시간 전 통행료 안내고 하이패스 700회 통과…화물차 기사 벌금형 5시간 전 김종훈 의원·민노총 "노동자 생존권 사수 릴레이 단식" 5시간 전 현대중 노사 올해 임금협상 시작…작년 임단협 병행 5시간 전 새울원전 임직원 울주 지역아동센터에 3천만원 지원 5시간 전 울산시 중구, 태풍 차바 피해 하천 복구 완료 5시간 전 이재용 부회장과 카톡한다는 20대 차장검사…실체는 사기꾼 6시간 전 '웬 날벼락'…학과 MT 갔다 전신마비된 대학생 골프 유망주 6시간 전 치킨값 '들썩'…BBQ 한달만에 또 기습인상, 최대 2천원↑ 6시간 전 맹독성 '파란고리문어' 주의보…거제 앞바다서 발견 6시간 전 머스크의 스페이스X, 美공군 군사위성도 쏜다 6시간 전 '아이패드 프로' 노트북의 대안 될수 있을까 6시간 전 울산 중구 야외물놀이장 3곳 20일 개장 6시간 전 바닥 기던 트위터, 한국서만 점유율 훌쩍 6시간 전 TV 안 보는 1인 가구…TV보유율·유료방송가입률 최저 6시간 전 울산대공원 동물원 임시 휴장…AI 방역 6시간 전 상단여백 다음 이전 Home 외신 Why Apple is struggling to become an artificial intelligence powerhouse 페이스북 트위터 카카오스토리 밴드 메일 프린트 HOME 외신 Why Apple is struggling to become an artificial intelligence powerhouse Online 워싱턴포스트 승인 2017.06.06 09:24 댓글 0 구글+ 블로그 밴드 카카오스토리 트위터 페이스북 메일보내기 인쇄하기 Kevin Lynch, vice president of technology for Apple, speaks during the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California on Monday. The conference aims to inspire developers from around the world to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Photo by: David Paul Morris - Bloomberg In 2011, Apple became the first company to place artificial intelligence in the pockets of millions of consumers when the firm's co-founder Steve Jobs launched the voice assistant Siri on the iPhone. Eight years later, the technology giant is struggling to find its voice in AI. Analysts say the question of whether Apple can succeed in building great artificial intelligence products is as fundamental to the company's next decade as the iPhone was to its previous one. But the tech giant faces a formidable dilemma because the nature of artificial intelligence pushes Apple far out of its comfort zone in sleekly-designed hardware and services. AI programming demands a level of data collection and mining that is at odds with Apple's rigorous approach to privacy, as well as its positioning as a company that doesn't profile consumers. Moreover, Apple's longstanding penchant for secrecy has made the company less desirable in the eyes of potential star recruits, who hail from the country's top computer science departments and are attracted to companies that publish research. "Artificial intelligence is not in Apple's DNA," said venture capitalist and Apple analyst Steve Munster. "They understand that in the future, every company is going to become an AI company, and they are in a particularly tough spot." At Apple's annual developer's conference on Monday - the same event where Jobs introduced Siri - the company's efforts to become an AI powerhouse were on display as executives launched a new standalone smart speaker and touted features meant to boost Siri's chops and to power AI applications on Apple products. "Machine learning" -- an AI buzzword that describes a form of ultra-fast, complex computer data analysis and statistical modeling -- was repeated throughout the 2.5 hour presentation, delivered to an audience of roughly 6,000 developers here. Siri will now use machine learning to predict the times of a morning commute -- or scan the travel news as you are reading it on the company's Safari browser and then suggest related activities, such as booking a reservation. She will use machine learning to talk with you and help you sort through music through a new $349 home automation device, HomePod. She will automatically organize your photos into albums, like "2nd Anniversary," without you giving her any context about the pictures. There was even a new software toolkit, CoreML, that will allow for faster processing of large amounts of data collected during machine learning applications. (It's six times faster than Google's rival AI processor, an executive quipped). But Monday's announcements come as other technology companies have released similar innovations and have already spent billions on the burgeoning AI arms race. Many are placing their bets on artificial intelligence, ranging from software that one day may be smart enough to chat back and forth like a human, or computer vision that identifies real-world objects so well it can power the first fully-functioning self-driving car. That has put Apple in the disadvantaged position of trying to lead in an area where it has fallen behind - and where the effort cuts against the core aspects of the company's secretive culture. "This is a substantial shift for Apple," said Daniel Gross, a former executive who focused on artificial intelligence. "The internal focus is on building great products, not publishing papers." Ten years after launching the iPhone, Apple is on the hunt for another blockbuster product that can take its place. Sales of the iPhone propelled Apple to become the most valuable company in the world and still account for more than half of the company's revenues, which were $215.6 billion in 2016. But last year, purchases of the company's iconic smartphone dropped for the first time, suggesting that the market for high-end smartphones is finally saturated. "The difference between last year's iPhone and this year's iPhone is going to be much smaller than the difference between the first and second iterations of the iPhone. ... So that s-curve is starting to flatten out," said Benedict Evans, a mobile expert and partner at the Silicon Valley venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, using an industry term for exponential increases in innovation. "Then you have the next transformative technology, that isn't here yet." Apple did not respond to repeated requests for interviews and comment. Apple's launch of HomePod, which will go for sale for $349 later this year, comes several years after Amazon and Google released their own automation devices, the Echo and the Google Home, which send consumers' spoken queries back to their servers in California for analysis. Google, Tesla, Uber, and others have been testing self-driving vehicles on public roadways for several years; Apple received its first permit to begin testing just two months ago. Before Monday's updates, the Siri assistant was still mostly a glorified web search that could tell the occasional pre-programmed joke. Now Apple is racing to catch up. Last October, the company hired Russ Salakhutdinov, a Carnegie Mellon professor whose expertise is in an area of artificial intelligence known as "deep" or "unsupervised" learning, a complex branch of machine learning in which computers are trained to replicate the way the brain's neurons fire when they recognize objects or speech. Salakhutdinov is a protege of Geoffrey Hinton, perhaps the world's top researcher in this area. Like Salakhutdinov, who divides his time between Carnegie Mellon and Apple, Hinton divides his time between Google and the University of Toronto. Building ties to academic superstars not only helps to improve products, but becomes a key recruiting tool, said Richard Zemel, director of the Vector Institute for Artificial Intelligence and a professor specializing in machine learning at the University of Toronto. "You used to not see people with Apple name badges at conferences, and now you do," Zemel said. In December, Apple presented and published its first academic paper in artificial intelligence at an industry conference. Another paper has been accepted to a prestigious computer vision conference and will be published in July, Salakhutdinov said in an interview. Salakhutdinov said he was not authorized to discuss his work at Apple in any detail. Zemel, who told Bloomberg two years ago that Apple was "off the scale" in terms of secrecy, and that such secrecy was keeping them out of loop on major developments in the field, now said that the Cupertino giant was "making some changes." "But it's going to take some work," he added. Researchers at elite universities said in interviews that Apple was still not the top choice for their computer science graduates - Google, Facebook, and Amazon were by far the top picks - but that the company was moving up in the rankings. Apple's forays into AI have also been slower than its peers because it's been reluctant to embrace the data-mining practices of rivals Google and Facebook, experts said. The company has spent considerable resources building additional layers of privacy when it did so. Unlike Google and Facebook, which are primarily advertising companies that collect massive amounts of intimate data to profile their users, Apple believes in limiting the amount of user data it collects. At a previous developer's conference, executives bragged that the company did not build user profiles. Tim Cook has positioned the company as the anti-Google. But that stance against data collection becomes a problem if you are building artificial intelligence, researchers say. A home device must collect and analyze people's speech in order to improve the way the device can speak to humans, for example. For Siri to be smart, she needs to collect and interpret data from other applications, such as your calendar, your restaurant reservations, and, now, your browsing. Last year, as Apple began to embrace artificial intelligence on the iPhone, the company undertook a large privacy protection project. The project took an academic concept called differential privacy and applied it to AI applications on the iPhone. Differential privacy works by inserting noise - or bad information - into good data in order to confuse outsiders who might try to hone in on an individual's records. For example, in order for Apple software to group the photos of your dog into a single album, it needs to collect many photos of your dogs. Apple collects those images, but not before encrypting the data in them and then scrambling that data with other data, so that if anyone tried to recover the original data set they wouldn't know what was tied to a single user, the company claims. This technique is considered a stronger privacy protection than other methods, such as using mathematical formulas to render user profiles anonymous. Apple's focus on privacy may have slowed the company down in terms of building some products, Gross said, but the trade-off would be consumer trust. "Apple is dousing itself with an extra piece of really hard science, and doing so to try and preserve your privacy," he said. "I think Google and Facebook will have to answer to world where a similar product that is offered is more privacy-preserving." Munster pointed out that no tech company has a huge lead on artificial intelligence yet. "The bad news is that Apple is behind," he said. "The good news is that if we look at how AI is going to impact the world, it's still early days -- there is plenty of time to catch up." <저작권자 © 울산매일, 무단 전재 및 재배포 금지>  저작권 문의 워싱턴포스트 다른기사 보기 페이스북 이메일 기사 수정 :   2017-06-06 09:21   김동균 기자 웹출판 :   2017-06-06 09:24   관리자 입력.편집 :   2017-06-06 09:06   김동균 기자 icon오늘의 인기기사 빅뱅 탑, 대마초 흡연 경찰조사부터 중환자실行까지 '웃찾사'가 막내린 이유? 코미디 프로의 '종말론' 현대·기아차 출시 앞둔 소형SUV ‘엇갈린 운명’ 스토닉 출시준비 순조… 코나는 노사갈등에 험난한 여정 ‘필리핀 계엄령’에도 여행사들은 항공권 취소 수수료 챙겨 “회사방침”… 안전위협 여행지 불구 ‘장삿속’ 불만 폭주 "시오니스트가 평화의 전사?"…'원더우먼' 보이콧 확산되나 빅뱅 탑, 대마초 흡연 경찰조사부터 중환자실行까지 댓글 (200자평) 0개 전체보기 200자까지 쓰실 수 있습니다. 등록 ※ 비속어와 인신공격성 글 등은 바로 삭제됩니다. 특히, 근거 없는 글로 타인의 명예를 훼손하면 민·형사상 처벌을 받을 수 있습니다. [댓글(200자평)운영규칙 보기] 첫번째 댓글을 남겨주세요. 여백 여백 여백 회원사 한국신문협회 한국기자협회 한국사진기자협회 한국ABC 제휴사 중앙일보 워싱턴포스트 블룸버그 중국 長春日報 노컷뉴스 회사소개 광고안내 불편신고 제휴안내 개인정보취급방침 이메일무단수집거부 청소년보호정책 청탁금지법 현황 (44740) 울산광역시 남구 수암로 4 (템포빌딩 9층)  |   대표전화 : 052-243-1001  |   발행/편집인 : 이연희  |  청소년보호책임자 : 김동균 Copyright © 2017 울산매일. All rights reserved. 온라인 컨텐츠 및 뉴스저작권 문의 webmaster@iusm.co.kr RSS 서비스 Back to Top
Latest News Dow 21,196 +22.58 +0.11% Nasdaq 6,292 -5.77 -0.09% S&P 500 2,432 -0.96 -0.04% 10:17 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:15 A.M. ET August gold down $19.20, or 1.5%, to $1,274/oz 10:15 A.M. ET Gold futures prices trade near the session's lows on Comex 10:15 A.M. ET Updated Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way 10:12 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock surge fuels rally in department store shares 10:11 A.M. ET Updated The food-delivery startup that could have a recipe for success 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Carvana soars after first earnings report, analysts say it isn't just another used-car company 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin WATCH LIVE: Comey hearing in Senate gets under way Home Personal Finance Apple gives consumers yet another option to make payments on their iPhones By Maria LaMagna Published: June 6, 2017 9:11 a.m. ET Share Apple has announced Apple Pay Cash, a new peer-to-peer payment system through iMessage Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook announces updates at a developer conference. By MariaLaMagna Reporter Need to pay your friend, your coworker or your babysitter, but don’t have cash on you? There’s yet another app for that. Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.46%   announced Monday at its developer conference it would begin allowing peer-to-peer payments by sending a message through its iMessage app. It will let consumers pay one another without leaving their messaging thread. Apple will also offer a digital debit card called Apple Pay Cash, where users can store their money online. The service will become available at the same time as Apple’s new iOS 11 operating system this fall, according to Recode. Apple did not immediately respond to MarketWatch’s request for comment. Consumers can already send one another money through Facebook’s FB, +0.10%   Messenger app, which is probably the most similar peer-to-peer payments service currently available. There is also a myriad of apps that allow you to pay a friend for a dinner or movie ticket using a smartphone, but experts said Apple’s offering could make them more mainstream. Mobile peer-to-peer payments are projected to quadruple between 2016 and 2021, according to the research firm Forrester. Forrester sees digital payments, including in-app purchases, peer-to-peer payments and retail purchases, reaching $283 billion by 2021, up from an estimated $112 billion at the end of 2016, Barron’s Next reported in February. One of the largest and fastest-growing is PayPal’s PYPL, -0.35%   Venmo, which processed $6.8 billion in transactions in the first quarter of 2017 alone, a 114% increase since the first quarter of 2016. And like Apple’s new peer-to-peer system, Venmo is currently available within iMessage. It is also available as a separate app that consumers can use. They must link a credit card or bank account with the service to use it. It is free to use. Financial institutions are not standing idly by. Several banks have also been working together as part of an organization called Early Warning, and have developed a competitor called Zelle that allows consumers who use different banks to pay one another. Google also allows consumers to pay one another on Google Wallet. And Square Cash also allows peer-to-peer payments and is available already through iMessage. Don’t miss: Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 The big difference between these and Apple Pay Cash: Apple’s service will be downloaded as part of the iOS upgrade, just like Photos or Maps. Apple’s new addition could make more consumers aware of the various ways they can use their phones to pay one another, “helping to raise the rising tide of peer to peer payments,” said Mark Ranta, the head of digital payments at ACI Worldwide ACIW, -0.09%  , a payment systems company. Consumers may also appreciate being able to stay within iMessage to complete their transaction, rather than having to visit a separate app, which often has its own password or other type of authentication, Ranta said. But there are a few obvious drawbacks to Apple’s service, said Brendan Miller, a principal analyst at Forrester. Only consumers who have Apple devices, which use iMessage, will be able to use it, he said. And not all of those who have those devices have even registered for Apple Pay. That might make it less desirable than a service like Venmo, which they can use regardless of which device they have. “Venmo is not going away anytime soon,” he said. Indeed, after Apple’s announcement, a spokesman for Venmo remained unfazed by Apple’s announcement. “We welcome any developments that help people move away from the awkwardness of cash,” he said. Apple shares have gained 33% in 2017, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.09%  has gained 7% and the S&P 500 SPX, -0.05%  has gained 9%. See also This is one reason why the rich will get richer The number of people with credit cards has hit levels not seen since before the Great Recession Metal credit cards: The latest American status symbol Quote References AAPL -0.71 -0.46% FB +0.15 +0.10% PYPL -0.19 -0.35% ACIW -0.02 -0.09% DJIA +19.04 +0.09% SPX -1.26 -0.05% Show all references Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Maria LaMagna Maria LaMagna covers personal finance for MarketWatch in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Maria LaMagna Maria LaMagna covers personal finance for MarketWatch in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.66 -0.71 (-0.46%) Volume 4.7M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.11 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 810.1B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $153.27 +0.15 (+0.10%) Volume 3.5M Open $154.08 High $154.50 Low $153.10 P/E Ratio 40.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 443.7B PayPal Holdings Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: PYPL $53.66 -0.19 (-0.35%) Volume 960.0K Open $54.03 High $54.05 Low $53.64 P/E Ratio 45.54 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 64.7B ACI Worldwide Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ACIW $22.93 -0.02 (-0.09%) Volume 11496 Open $23.01 High $23.13 Low $22.81 P/E Ratio 71.42 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.7B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,192.73 +19.04 (+0.09%) Volume 55.7M Open 21,170 High 21,205 Low 21,155 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,431.88 -1.26 (-0.05%) Volume 399.9M Open 2,434 High 2,436 Low 2,429 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × US Markets Market Movers Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU Stocks close lower but remain near record levels; Apple slides The three major indexes remained near all-time highs despite closing marginally lower. Still, some traders are worried about this stock-market rally as a large chunk of this year's gains have come from just five large-cap tech stocks. Fred Imbert | @foimbert Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 4:28 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Stocks close lower as Apple falls on rare downgrade    Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 4:01 PM ET | 00:39 U.S. equities closed slightly lower on Monday, but held near record levels, while shares of Apple declined on a rare downgrade. The S&P 500 slipped 1 percent, with materials and utilities lagging. The Dow Jones industrial average fell about 20 points, with Apple contributing the most losses. The Nasdaq composite traded 0.1 percent lower after reaching an all-time intraday high. Rob Lutts, chief investment officer at Cabot Wealth Management, said two key elements supporting this market are the relative value of stocks versus other alternatives, like bonds, and strong earnings growth. "Clearly the market is more expensive compared to a few years ago, but earnings have justified those valuations," he said. Still, some traders are worried about this stock-market rally as a large chunk of this year's gains have come from just five large-cap tech stocks. "The averages are making new highs but that's because of a handful of stocks. If you take those out, we'd probably be lower," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. Spencer Platt | Getty Images NYSE Trader on the floor The S&P tech sector has handily outperformed in 2017, advancing 22.5 percent. On Monday, the sector rose 0.1 percent, but a decline in Apple shares capped gains. Apple's stock fell 1 percent after Pacific Crest analyst Andy Hargreaves downgraded the stock to sector weight from overweight. In a Sunday note, Hargreaves said the stock is not pricing in potential risks, like supply issues with the new iPhone 8. "We believe AAPL anticipates strong performance in the iPhone 8 cycle, while providing relatively little weight to risks through the cycle or the potential for iPhone sales to decline in FY19," he said. Investors also kept an eye on Apple's annual developers' conference on Monday, where the revealed several new products. Stocks traded in a narrow range for most of Monday's session, with the S&P moving just 0.21 percent. "There's not a lot of economic news to really decipher," said Nick Raich, CEO of The Earnings Scout, noting the market will remain in a "wait-and-see mode for a few weeks until we get peak second-quarter earnings." In economic news, the IHS Markit U.S. services PMI for May came in at 53.6, up from 53.1 in April, marking "the largest rise in overall activity since February," IHS said in a release. The May ISM nonmanufacturing index, meanwhile, came in at 56.9, just below a consensus estimate of 57.0. Overseas, European stocks traded lower as investors digested a terrorist attack in London that killed at least seven people on Saturday night. The FSTE 100 fell 0.27 percent, while the French CAC 40 dropped 0.66 percent. The pan-European Stoxx 600 index fell 0.1 percent. U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said that it's time to step up the fight against Islamist extremism in the wake of the new attack. "It is time to say enough is enough," she said. Symbol Name Price   Change %Change DJIA --- S&P 500 --- NASDAQ --- The Dow Jones industrial average fell 22.25 points, or 0.1 percent, to close at 21,184.04, with Apple leading decliners and Wal-Mart outperforming. The S&P 500 slipped 2.97 points, or 0.12 percent, to end at 2,436.10, with utilities leading seven sectors lower and energy the top advancer. The Nasdaq declined 10.11 points, or 0.16 percent, to close at 6,295.68. About nine stocks declined for every five advancers at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 699.47 million and a composite volume of 2.893 billion. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 10.1. —CNBC's Silvia Amaro and John Melloy contributed to this report. On tap this week: Monday Earnings: Coupa Software, Thor Industries Tuesday Earnings: Dave & Buster's, Lands' End, Michaels Cos, Ambarella, IDT, United Natural Foods, Canadian Solar, Oxford Industries 10:00 a.m. JOLTs 10:00 a.m. QFR Wednesday Earnings: Brown-Forman, ABM, Greif, Verint Systems 3:00 p.m. Consumer Credit Thursday Earnings: Dell Technologies, JM Smucker, Vail Resorts, Verifone, Cloudera 7:45 a.m. European Central Bank rate decision 8:30 a.m. News conference with ECB President Mario Draghi 8:30 a.m. Initial claims 10:00 a.m. QSS Friday Earnings: Ferrellgas Partners 10:00 a.m. Wholesale trade Fred ImbertMarkets Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NASDAQ --- S&P 500 --- AAPL --- DJIA --- GS --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Latest News Dow 21,197 +22.90 +0.11% Nasdaq 6,292 -5.66 -0.09% S&P 500 2,432 -0.79 -0.03% 10:17 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:15 A.M. ET August gold down $19.20, or 1.5%, to $1,274/oz 10:15 A.M. ET Gold futures prices trade near the session's lows on Comex 10:15 A.M. ET Updated Stock market struggles for direction as Comey testimony gets under way 10:12 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock surge fuels rally in department store shares 10:11 A.M. ET Updated The food-delivery startup that could have a recipe for success 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Carvana soars after first earnings report, analysts say it isn't just another used-car company 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin WATCH LIVE: Comey hearing in Senate gets under way Home Personal Finance Apple gives consumers yet another option to make payments on their iPhones By Maria LaMagna Published: June 6, 2017 9:11 a.m. ET Share Apple has announced Apple Pay Cash, a new peer-to-peer payment system through iMessage Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook announces updates at a developer conference. By MariaLaMagna Reporter Need to pay your friend, your coworker or your babysitter, but don’t have cash on you? There’s yet another app for that. Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.46%   announced Monday at its developer conference it would begin allowing peer-to-peer payments by sending a message through its iMessage app. It will let consumers pay one another without leaving their messaging thread. Apple will also offer a digital debit card called Apple Pay Cash, where users can store their money online. The service will become available at the same time as Apple’s new iOS 11 operating system this fall, according to Recode. Apple did not immediately respond to MarketWatch’s request for comment. Consumers can already send one another money through Facebook’s FB, +0.09%   Messenger app, which is probably the most similar peer-to-peer payments service currently available. There is also a myriad of apps that allow you to pay a friend for a dinner or movie ticket using a smartphone, but experts said Apple’s offering could make them more mainstream. Mobile peer-to-peer payments are projected to quadruple between 2016 and 2021, according to the research firm Forrester. Forrester sees digital payments, including in-app purchases, peer-to-peer payments and retail purchases, reaching $283 billion by 2021, up from an estimated $112 billion at the end of 2016, Barron’s Next reported in February. One of the largest and fastest-growing is PayPal’s PYPL, -0.33%   Venmo, which processed $6.8 billion in transactions in the first quarter of 2017 alone, a 114% increase since the first quarter of 2016. And like Apple’s new peer-to-peer system, Venmo is currently available within iMessage. It is also available as a separate app that consumers can use. They must link a credit card or bank account with the service to use it. It is free to use. Financial institutions are not standing idly by. Several banks have also been working together as part of an organization called Early Warning, and have developed a competitor called Zelle that allows consumers who use different banks to pay one another. Google also allows consumers to pay one another on Google Wallet. And Square Cash also allows peer-to-peer payments and is available already through iMessage. Don’t miss: Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 The big difference between these and Apple Pay Cash: Apple’s service will be downloaded as part of the iOS upgrade, just like Photos or Maps. Apple’s new addition could make more consumers aware of the various ways they can use their phones to pay one another, “helping to raise the rising tide of peer to peer payments,” said Mark Ranta, the head of digital payments at ACI Worldwide ACIW, -0.09%  , a payment systems company. Consumers may also appreciate being able to stay within iMessage to complete their transaction, rather than having to visit a separate app, which often has its own password or other type of authentication, Ranta said. But there are a few obvious drawbacks to Apple’s service, said Brendan Miller, a principal analyst at Forrester. Only consumers who have Apple devices, which use iMessage, will be able to use it, he said. And not all of those who have those devices have even registered for Apple Pay. That might make it less desirable than a service like Venmo, which they can use regardless of which device they have. “Venmo is not going away anytime soon,” he said. Indeed, after Apple’s announcement, a spokesman for Venmo remained unfazed by Apple’s announcement. “We welcome any developments that help people move away from the awkwardness of cash,” he said. Apple shares have gained 33% in 2017, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.11%  has gained 7% and the S&P 500 SPX, -0.03%  has gained 9%. See also This is one reason why the rich will get richer The number of people with credit cards has hit levels not seen since before the Great Recession Metal credit cards: The latest American status symbol Quote References AAPL -0.71 -0.46% FB +0.14 +0.09% PYPL -0.18 -0.33% ACIW -0.02 -0.09% DJIA +22.90 +0.11% SPX -0.84 -0.03% Show all references Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Maria LaMagna Maria LaMagna covers personal finance for MarketWatch in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Maria LaMagna Maria LaMagna covers personal finance for MarketWatch in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.66 -0.71 (-0.46%) Volume 4.7M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.13 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 810.1B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $153.26 +0.14 (+0.09%) Volume 3.5M Open $154.08 High $154.50 Low $153.10 P/E Ratio 40.6 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 443.7B PayPal Holdings Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: PYPL $53.67 -0.18 (-0.33%) Volume 962.8K Open $54.03 High $54.05 Low $53.64 P/E Ratio 45.55 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 64.7B ACI Worldwide Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ACIW $22.93 -0.02 (-0.09%) Volume 11696 Open $23.01 High $23.13 Low $22.81 P/E Ratio 71.42 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.7B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,196.59 +22.90 (+0.11%) Volume 55.9M Open 21,170 High 21,205 Low 21,155 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,432.30 -0.84 (-0.03%) Volume 401.6M Open 2,434 High 2,436 Low 2,429 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
printed June 8, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=19185 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Apple Debuts HomePod, Its Competitor to Google Home and Amazon Echo Article Comments   Monday, 2:16 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper updated Monday, 2:23 PM Apple today announced the HomePod, a new in-home speaker similar to the Google Home and Amazon Echo. It features the Siri voice-based assistant and can act on spoken requests with a focus on music. Apple says Siri on the HomePod is able to handle natural-language requests, such as "who's playing drums on this track", "play more songs like thins" and so on. The HomePod focuses on music and works natively with Apple Music. Apple says it developed the HomePod to sound good, understand where it is, provide a fun experience, and more. It has a seven-tweeter array to drive audio in multiple directions and a 4-inch woofer that's upward facing. It is powered by an A8 processor with real-time acoustic modeling, audio beam-forming, and multi-channel echo cancellation. It can sense the size of the room it is in and adjust how it performs in order to fill that space with sound. Apple says HomePod works perfectly with Apple Music, including playlists, artists, albums, and will learn users preferences over time. Some core features include reminders, sports, news, alarms, messages, translations, stocks, traffic, and more. It can also interact with HomeKit devices for adjusting the thermostat, controlling lights, and scenes (which rely on multiple home devices acting together.) The iOS home app can be used to control the HomePod from afar. Apple said it expects to debut the HomePod later this year for $349. more info at Apple » Related Google Uses Machine Learning to Tweak Sheets Google today rolled out new features for its Sheets spreadsheet application. Most of the new features target the desktop-based version of Sheets. Apple Home App Ties Together Home-Based Tech Apple today showed off Apple Home, a new app based on HomeKit to help control connected devices around the home. Apple Home will work with any HomeKit-compatible gear so people can adjust lights, open garage doors, and adjust the thermostat, and even interact with video doorbell apps. Facebook to Make Its Instant Articles Compatible with Google, Apple Formats Facebook wants content to be more readable across the web and took steps this week toward that goal by tweaking the SDK for its Instant Articles. Facebook's Instant Articles give publishers a way to streamline content for consumption on mobile devices, but Instant Articles aren't compatible with the mobile-first styles used by Google and Apple. Google Assistant to Live In (Your) Google Home Google today made its Amazon Echo competitor, Google Home, available for preorder. Google Home is powered by the Google Assistant. Amazon Adds Alexa AI to iPhone Shopping App Amazon today made Alexa, its artificial intelligence, available to a much wider selection of devices by adding Alexa to its iOS mobile shopping application. Now any iPhone with the Amazon app aboard has access to Alexa, allowing people to search for and buy goods simply by asking Alexa for it. more news about:   AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
printed June 8, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=19187 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › iOS 11 to Let Developers Access the iPhone 7's NFC Radio Article Comments   Monday, 5:07 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Apple is about to let iPhone owners use their handsets' NFC radios for more than just Apple Pay. Apple today introduced the CoreNFC API, which will permit the iPhone's NFC radio to detect NFC tags and read the information contained therein. Though several iPhone models include NFC radios (6, 6 Plus 6s, 6s Plus, 7, 7 Plus), functionality is restricted to Apple Pay. The new API gives developers access to the NFC radio so their own apps "can read tags to give users more information about their physical environment and the real-world objects in it. For example, your app might give users information about products they find in a store or exhibits they visit in a museum." Based on the documentation published on Apple's developer web site, only the iPhone 7 and Phone 7 Plus will gain the ability to interact with external NFC tags. Android devices have long been able to use NFC radios and tags for varying purposes. The CoreNFC API is part of iOS 11, which dictates that the expanded NFC functionality for the iPhone 7/7 Plus won't arrive until later this year when Apple releases the final version of iOS 11. more info at Apple » Related Review: IK Multimedia iRig Mic HD and iRig Mic Field Whether you're a podcaster, musician, or budding filmmaker, capturing high-quality audio is key when creating content. IK Multimedia's iRig Mic HD and iRig Mic Field give you mono and stereo options, respectively, in compact and easy-to-use accessories for your iPhone. Review: Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Belkin's ridiculously-named dongle does one thing: it lets you simultaneously charge your iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus and listen to music. If you want to rock out and power up at the same time, Belkin's Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar makes it possible. Review: RhinoShield Playproof and Crashguard RhinoShield has some inexpensive Apple iPhone cases for sale that claim to offer big protection with a minimal footprint. The Playproof case and Crashguard bumper do keep your phone safe, but perhaps not as safe as you might wish. 5 Best Unlocked Smartphones Unlocked smartphones let you use your device on the carrier of your choice, whether at home or travelling overseas. Though unlocked phones tend to be pricey, you can't really put a price on the freedom they offer. First Look: Apple iOS 11 Apple debuted iOS 11 during the June 5 keynote of its annual developer conference. The refreshed mobile operating system is primed to hit iPhones and iPads later this year with improvements to the App Store, Apple Maps, the camera, Control Center, Files, keyboard, iMessage, Live Photos, Siri, screenshots, and much more. Apple iPhone 7 4.7" display   750 x 1334 pixels Apple A10 processor   2 GB RAM 1,960 mAh battery Water-Resistant, NFC, Fingerprint Reader Apple iPhone 7 Plus 5.5" display   1080 x 1920 pixels Apple A10 processor   3 GB RAM 2,900 mAh battery Water-Resistant, NFC, Fingerprint Reader, Extra Camera more news about:   AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Alibaba (BABA) pops on massive full-year revenue forecast >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Apple Inc. (AAPL) HomePod “Siri Speaker” Will Battle With Amazon’s Echo Apple HomePod is a high performance, Siri-equipped smart speaker By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jun 5, 2017, 7:00 pm EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     Popular Posts: The 10 Biggest Apple Inc. (AAPL) WWDC Announcements Ever WWDC 2017: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Unveils HomePod and a Ton of “Pros” Amazon Reportedly Back in the Smartphone Game With “Ice” Recent Posts: Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) Apple Music Hits 27 Million Paid Subscribers WWDC 2017: Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) New iMac Lineup Should Silence Critics Amazon Reportedly Back in the Smartphone Game With “Ice” View All Posts Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) just wrapped up its WWDC 2017 keynote and as expected, one of the highlights of the event the company’s new smart speaker. Source: Apple Apple’s HomePod is the rumored “Siri Speaker” that will take on Amazon.com Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AMZN) Amazon Echo smart speaker. HomePod a “Breakthrough” Smart Speaker Apple noted the growing popularity of wireless home audio and smart speakers, but made the point that current offerings are lacking. Called out by name in the WWDC 2017 presentation were Sonos and the Amazon Echo. Sonos — the market leader for wireless multi-room audio — was noted for offering speakers that lack any “smart” capabilities. Amazon’s Echo was singled out as offering poor quality audio. The HomePod is described as a “breakthrough” device that delivers high quality audio along with spatial awareness, smart features and integration with streaming audio. In other words, Apple is positioning it to take on Sonos in audio quality, while offering the smarts of the Amazon Echo, combining the two approaches in a single product. Apple HomePod Key Specs: Array of 7 tweeters (each with its own amplifier), upward-facing 4-inch high excursion woofer Tweeters support beam-forming 360-degree audio Apple A8 CPU 6 directional microphone array with echo cancellation 802.11ac Wi-Fi with MIMO Designed for Siri, Apple Music, HomeKit Multi-speaker configuration support 5.6-inches tall, available in white and space gray mesh fabric cover $349 High Performance Audio with Smarts Apple is touting the fact that the HomePod is packed with drivers, delivering superior audio to the Amazon Echo and competitors like Alphabet Inc’s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Home. But the company is also touting its intelligence (the HomePod is powered by an Apple A8 chip), as helping to boost audio performance compared to Sonos. AAPL says the HomePod does real-time acoustic modelling, scanning the room it’s in and using beam-forming technology to shape audio based on variables like room size and its position. AAPL says it can essentially act as a virtual surround sound system; set up two HomePods and they automatically work together. Using the New AirPLay 2 wireless standard, multiple HomePods can also be used for Sonos-style multi-room audio. Apple Music + Siri Control Naturally, HomePod is designed around two of AAPL’s key services: Siri and Apple Music. With Apple Music integration, the smart speaker has 40 million songs on tap. Siri can help the user choose music (what AAPL called the speaker’s “musicologist”), including recommending tracks. But Siri voice control is also the key to taking on the Amazon Echo. The HomePod features Apple HomeKit integration, so Siri can be used for tasks like turning on smart lights or adjusting the thermostat. And, like Siri on the iPhone, AAPL’s personal digital assistant can be asked questions about the weather, traffic and pretty much anything else. Apple is big on privacy, so whenever Siri is active, the top of the speaker displays a “Siri” animation, and AAPL employs end-to-end encryption and anonymous IDs for any queries. Two things the HomePod is not: portable (there’s no battery) and Bluetooth (Wi-Fi only). It’s meant to be set up in a home and used by the regular occupants as opposed to carried around and casually connected to by anyone with a smartphone. When and How Much? AAPL says the Siri speaker will cost $349. It starts shipping in the U.S, U.K. and Australia in December and will roll out to other countries later. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/apple-inc-aapl-homepod-siri-speaker-will-battle-with-amazons-echo/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage Should You Buy Tesla Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold 10 Companies in Amazon’s Crosshairs A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs The 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Before Everyone Else Does Most Popular 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple's New HomePod vs. Amazon's Echo Can Apple challenge Amazon in the market for virtual-assistant-powered smart speakers? Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jun 5, 2017 at 8:05PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has officially stepped into the market for stationary speakers powered by virtual assistants, a product category that Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) pioneered in 2015 with the Echo. Amazon's Echo family continues to expand, recently adding the Echo Look and Echo Show. Apple has never put all that much weight into being the first to market provided it can be the best when it finally gets there. With that in mind, how does the new HomePod stack up against the dominant Echo? It's pricey at $349 For starters, consumers will have to consider the HomePod's premium price tag of $349. That's nearly twice the $180 that the standard Echo costs. Amazon also gets to benefit from falling costs, since the Echo came out a couple years ago, whereas Apple is now starting at the height of the HomePod's cost curve as a new product. HomePod is expensive. Image source: Apple. Of course, premium pricing is Apple's typical strategy, and the company attempts to justify this premium by saying that the combined cost of a Wi-Fi speaker and a smart speaker can easily run $400 to $700. That argument implies that the Echo's sound quality is rather poor, even if it's connected and smart. Other high-end systems, on the other hand, aren't connected and smart. Whether or not HomePod's sound quality can compete with other high-end Wi-Fi speakers remains to be seen, but the price tag is predicated on the hope that it can, especially since Apple is hoping that you buy several of them. Apple Music is a clear advantage Apple Music is already the second-largest paid music-streaming platform behind Spotify. Amazon bundles Prime Music into a Prime membership, but most people don't sign up for Prime for music streaming. Prime Music offers a paltry 2 million songs in its catalog, while Apple Music is now up to 40 million songs. HomePod's integration with Apple Music will be an advantage, particularly if the customer is already entrenched in Apple's ecosystem, subscribes to Apple Music, and places high priority on music streaming when buying a smart speaker. Playing catch-up Beyond the hardware and price, the real competition will ultimately boil down to how powerful each product's respective virtual assistants are, which also has implications beyond just this product category. Amazon has made incredible progress with building up an ecosystem of third-party Skills, which has helped cement Echo as one of the dominant smart home hubs currently available. Alexa now knows over 10,000 of such Skills (including The Motley Fool's!), up from just 1,000 Skills a year ago, and the catalog grows every week. Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Home is quickly trying to catch up with third-party Actions, but is nowhere near 10,000. Siri serves as the brains for HomePod. Image source: Apple. The importance of third-party integrations cannot be understated. Any virtual assistant can do basic tasks like fetch stock prices, provide a weather forecast, or attempt to answer basic questions. The real strength of virtual assistants and the devices that they power comes from third-party developers. HomePod will support HomeKit, Apple's smart home platform, but HomeKit has been pretty underwhelming, even three years after introducing the application programming interface (API). Even popular smart home devices like Alphabet's Nest don't support HomeKit, although this could be a strategic competitive decision on Alphabet's part (Nest works with Alexa). The silver lining is that HomeKit works across a wider range of devices, while Alexa primarily powers just the Echo family. If Apple can put more concerted effort into growing its HomeKit ecosystem, it has much greater potential considering the larger installed base. But that's a pretty big if right about now. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, and Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jun 5, 2017 at 8:05PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $154.91 down $0.46 (-0.30%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $1,000.00 down $-1.59 (-0.16%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $1,007.76 down $-2.31 (-0.23%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $979.63 down $-1.45 (-0.15%) Read More Will Apple's Second Bet on High-Fidelity Audio Pay Off? What You Need to Know About Apple Inc.'s Artificial-Intelligence Chip 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive This Apple Inc. iPhone Speculation Makes No Sense Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple's New HomePod vs. Amazon's Echo @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $GOOG
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The 6 Biggest Announcements From Apple WWDC 2017 Everything you need to know from the opening keynote. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jun 5, 2017 at 7:33PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) just kicked off its WWDC 2017 developer conference, and as usual there were a few product announcements during the opening keynote. Being a developer conference, updates to Apple's major software platforms were table stakes as the company outlined the next iterations of macOS, iOS, watchOS, and tvOS. There were also a handful of notable hardware announcements, the details of which had mostly leaked ahead of time. Here are the six biggest announcements from this morning. The new space gray iMac Pro. Image source: Apple. Mac refreshes In terms of spec bumps, Apple refreshed the iMac, MacBook Pro, and 12-inch MacBook. All of these Macs are getting bumped up to the latest seventh-generation (Kaby Lake) Intel Core chips. The iMac got more than just processor updates though, receiving better displays. The 21.5-inch 4K model is also getting discrete AMD graphics instead of integrated Intel graphics. Apple is now adding USB-C ports that support Thunderbolt 3 to the 27-inch iMac. The new iMac Pro A couple months back, Apple made a rare admission that the Mac Pro suffered from some design flaws, specifically around the thermal management system. At the time, Apple suggested that it would create a much more powerful version of the iMac, since many creative professionals were increasingly turning to high-end iMacs. Perfect for Space Gray enthusiasts. Image source: Apple. Apple provided a sneak peek of the forthcoming iMac Pro, which will ship in Space Gray alongside a new set of accessories bearing the same color. In line with prior reports, the new iMac Pro uses a powerful Intel Xeon processor, and comes in eight-core, 10-core, or 18-core configurations. Despite using the same overall design, the new iMac Pro will use a new thermal architecture that can handle an 80% increase in cooling capacity. These desktops use AMD Radeon Pro Vega graphics, and also have four USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 ports to connect professional peripherals. iMac Pro will set you back quite a bit, as it starts at $4,999 and ships in December. 10.5-inch iPad Pro The company updated the iPad Pro lineup, which now includes a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro. By slimming down the bezels, Apple is squeezing a larger display into a chassis comparable to the outgoing 9.7-inch iPad Pro. The new model is modestly taller and thicker, but still weighs just 1 pound. Both the 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch model are getting upgraded displays that are brighter, featuring a wider color gamut and a higher refresh rate (120 Hz) that can dynamically adjust based on the task at hand in order to improve energy efficiency and battery life. Inside, you'll find a new A10X Fusion chip that includes a six-core CPU (three high-power and three high-efficiency) and a 12-core GPU. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro starts at $649 (compared to the $599 that the outgoing 9.7-inch iPad Pro started at) and ships immediately. Peer-to-peer Apple Pay Apple has been reportedly working on a version of Apple Pay that would allow you to pay your friends. The company had initially skipped peer-to-peer (P2P) payments due to regulatory considerations, but it was an obvious opportunity for expansion. Apple Pay is getting a P2P option in iOS 11, which will be integrated into Messages. That's pretty similar to the approach that Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) has taken with P2P payments, integrating the service into Messenger. In line with rumors, the new P2P version will come with a type of digital debit card that stores funds, which Apple calls an Apple Pay cash card. Users can store funds in the Apple Pay cash card, send and receive funds, pay for purchases, or transfer funds to external bank accounts. Of course, all payments must be securely authenticated with Touch ID. Jumping into P2P payments is a pretty clear shot at Facebook, as well as PayPal and its subsidiary Venmo. Building a foundation for augmented reality Augmented reality (AR) is here to stay, and Apple has now officially unveiled its developer tools to build an AR platform. Apple's new ARKit is similar to what Microsoft is doing with HoloLens, starting with the ability to project virtual objects onto real environments using the camera. In April, Facebook said it was "making the camera the first augmented reality platform" at its own F8 developer conference. That title is arguable, but Apple CEO Tim Cook noted that once iOS 11 is released later this year onto hundreds of millions of iOS devices, Apple will have the largest AR platform following a simple software update. Cook has been talking up AR for over a year, so this should come as no surprise. Importantly, this can give Apple a content foundation for its inevitable introduction of an AR headset or AR glasses. The Siri-powered speaker is called HomePod Amazon.com's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo has been a huge hit, and the e-commerce giant continues to enjoy a first-mover advantage in virtual-assistant-powered stationary speakers. That success naturally provokes a competitive response, and Apple's answer is the awkwardly named HomePod, which it hopes will "reinvent" home audio. The overall design is fairly uninspiring -- it looks like a nondescript marshmallow: HomePod looks like a generic speaker. Image source: Apple. The HomePod is powered by an Apple A8 chip and uses a seven-tweeter array and six-microphone array. It expectedly integrates with Apple Music, which is an advantage since Apple has a stronger position than Amazon in music streaming. Siri is the main voice-driven interface, and can do pretty much all the basic tasks you expect. What HomePod lacks are meaningful third-party integrations, which is largely what Echo has to thank for its success; Alexa now has over 10,000 third-party Skills. HomePod will support HomeKit-enabled devices, but Apple's smart home ecosystem is a bit lacking at the moment overall. HomePod will start at $349 (a notable premium compared to Amazon) and also ship in December. That's it for now There was plenty of other news, too. watchOS 4 will include a few new watch faces, included a predictive one powered by Siri. tvOS is finally getting Amazon Prime video after a yearslong standoff between the companies. iOS 11 focuses very heavily on improving productivity on the iPad, including new ways to multitask and a new file management system. The Mac maker continues to push forward with its Metal graphics technology, adding features specifically targeting virtual reality (VR) capabilities. Overall, there were a slew of announcements to hold consumers and investors over until the iPhone event later this year. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple and Facebook. Evan Niu, CFA has the following options: long January 2018 $120 calls on Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and PYPL. The Motley Fool recommends INTC. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jun 5, 2017 at 7:33PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $154.91 down $0.46 (-0.30%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $1,007.76 down $-2.31 (-0.23%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $153.44 up $0.32 (0.21%) Read More Will Apple's Second Bet on High-Fidelity Audio Pay Off? What You Need to Know About Apple Inc.'s Artificial-Intelligence Chip Apple's New HomePod vs. Amazon's Echo 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The 6 Biggest Announcements From Apple WWDC 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $AMZN, $FB
Skip to content NFC World Knowledge Centre » Thursday 8 June 2017 NFC World News and analysis on the emerging technologies transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay Home About NFC World Contact us Contribute Advertise Got a tip? CloseMenu News Knowledge Centre Explore… Webinars White papers About the NFC World Knowledge Centre Close More resources NFC phones list Does my phone have NFC? News by company News by country News by date NFC stock and investment Got a story? Tell us! Close Events Partner news Ask the Experts Our partners Trending Apple NFC NFC phones What’s New in Payments Mobile payments HCE Tokenization IoT Feedback Walmart adds instant card issuance to Walmart Pay Carrefour Banque offers instant activation of new C-zam account with Gemalto Digital PIN NXP supports launch of common mobile wallet platform across the UAE Banco Bradesco customers get mobile-only banking Oxford Bus Company and Thames Travel passengers can now ‘wave and pay’ Apple adds support for NFC tags to iPhone 7 and Apple Watch By Sarah Clark • 6 June 20176 June 2017 • nfcworld.com A new Core NFC function which forms part of iOS 11 will add support for NFC tag reading to the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple has revealed. Support for NFC tag reading is also being added to the Apple Watch with the release of watchOS 4. With Core NFC, iPhones will be able to “detect NFC tags and read messages that contain NDEF data,” Apple says. “Using Core NFC, you can read Near Field Communication (NFC) tags of types 1 through 5 that contain data in the NFC Data Exchange Format (NDEF). To read a tag, your app creates an NFC NDEF reader session and provides a delegate. “A running reader session polls for NFC tags and calls the delegate when it finds tags that contain NDEF messages, passing the messages to the delegate. The delegate can read the messages and handle conditions that can cause a session to become invalid.” iOS 11 was unveiled on June 5 at Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference, is now available in beta and is due to roll out to consumers “in the fall”. The addition of support for NFC tag reading for Apple Watch devices was revealed during the opening keynote at the event using an example of an Apple Watch being used to connect with gym equipment. Apple introduced support for NFC card emulation with the launch of Apple Pay on the iPhone 6 and 6S in September 2014. Until now, however, Apple devices have been unable to operate in any other mode. tweet  135  share  1156  share  886  share  18  print  Explore: Apple Learn more: Apple Watch, Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), iOS, iOS 11, iPhone, iPhone 6, iPhone 6s, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, NDEF, NFC, Read/Write, Reader Mode, Type 1 Tag, Type 2 Tag, Type 3 Tag, Type 4 Tag, Type 5 Tag, watchOS 4 Featured partner: Get NFC World's email newsletter The top industry headlines by email, every Wednesday. Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time Related news Post navigation Rambus to enable Interac debit card support for Android Pay in Canada Chinese mobile payment apps launch in Vancouver, Toronto Guntis Čoders This might be very interesting for us. On the other hand it’s more job to do now as we will have to build another app for business 🙂 elevtechlift I really hope there are apps that would turn an iPhone/Watch into a lite POS or at least a NFC reader for contactless IC cards including Octopus cards, etc. Dominik does anybody know wheter an application can be started based on the information stored in one of the NDEFs? Or must the application actively access the NFC interface? What is NFC World? We report on the emerging technologies that are transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay. Find out more Please consider supporting our work by whitelisting NFC World in your ad blocker Get news from NFC World by email Join 12,900+ others and sign up for our free weekly email news round-up Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time New in the Knowledge Centre What is Samsung Pay and how does it work? What is Android Pay & how does it work? Five factors for quick and effective ID verification deployment Emerging markets: How contactless transactions are making a difference How will we pay in 2020? Latest news Walmart adds instant card issuance to Walmart Pay Carrefour Banque offers instant activation of new C-zam account with Gemalto Digital PIN NXP supports launch of common mobile wallet platform across the UAE Banco Bradesco customers get mobile-only banking Oxford Bus Company and Thames Travel passengers can now ‘wave and pay’ Visa expands global network of providers to drive acceleration into IoT payments Bango enables new payment option for Amazon customers in Japan US pharmacy deploys NFC shelf labels for greater product insight Electronic money transactions are back to pre-demonetization levels Feds look to experimental light-field cameras to ID drivers at the border Subscribe, follow, stay in touch  Follow @nfcw on Twitter  Join the NFC World group on LinkedIn  Get our email newsletter  NFC World on Google+  NFC World on Facebook  RSS news feed Translate… Back to top About Contact us Ask us anything! Comment policy Advertise with us Media centre Privacy and cookies Legal Copyright © 2008-2017 SJB Research Ltd. All rights reserved. Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Got it Learn more
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Singer Phil Collins cancels show after hotel room fall Jury selection underway at triple-homicide trial in Washington Experts, residents: State's Hoosick Falls report flawed Albany's Alive at Five starts with Karl Denson's Tiny Universe News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Jury selection underway at triple-homicide trial in Washington Saratoga Springs named state's most beautiful town Albany's Alive at Five starts with Karl Denson's Tiny Universe Repeat rapist gets prison term in Schenectady County case Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Golden State takes 3-0 lead Ninth-inning play goes the Mets' way Sabathia stifles Red Sox Troy basketball coach Rich Hurley steps down Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Banks lead U.S. stocks slightly higher; oil slumps Retailers a drag on market Apple chats up Siri vs. Alexa Trump plan privatizes U.S. air traffic control Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories People in the news: Cosby accuser stands by story Guide for summer fun in the Capital Region Picks Of The Week Movie Talk Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Confidence, courage key theme at Women@Work Summit Feeding the cause Sipping: Wine pick of the week Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Foes of breakaway Democrats allege charter school Things I’d like to see at James Comey’s testimony Under NY law, private schools don’t have to report sex Poll: Cheese or no cheese on hamburgers? TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Churchill: Killing affordable housing at Leonard Hospital no Seed collection helps feed the Karner blue Albany Academy baseball two wins from state crown Campus Watch: Shen grad collects lacrosse awards Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Learning lessons from a garage sale fail High & Low House of the Week: Rowhouse on Washington Park, Albany June's Parade of Homes set to be largest yet Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Free movies: Bow Tie Cinemas Summer Kids Series returns June 20 What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Apple-chats-up-Siri-vs-Alexa-11197886.php Apple chats up Siri vs. Alexa "Smart" home speaker is company's first new product in three years Michael Liedtke and Barbara Ortutay, Associated Press Published 8:04 pm, Monday, June 5, 2017 Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez Image 1of/9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: CAJC106 less Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez Image 2 of 9 Apple's John Ternus speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: CAJC125 Apple's John Ternus speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: CAJC125 Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez Image 3 of 9 Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: CAJC116 Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: CAJC116 Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez Image 4 of 9 Apple's Kevin Lynch speaks about the Apple Watch announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: CAJC108 less Apple's Kevin Lynch speaks about the Apple Watch announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez Image 5 of 9 Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: CAJC117 Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: CAJC117 Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez Image 6 of 9 Apple's Kevin Lynch speaks about the Apple Watch during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: CAJC118 less Apple's Kevin Lynch speaks about the Apple Watch during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez Image 7 of 9 John Knoll of Industrial Light & Magic, right, speaks about virtual reality during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: CAJC127 less John Knoll of Industrial Light & Magic, right, speaks about virtual reality during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez Image 8 of 9 Apple's John Ternus speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: CAJC124 Apple's John Ternus speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) ORG XMIT: CAJC124 Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez Image 9 of 9 Apple chats up Siri vs. Alexa 1 / 9 Back to Gallery San Jose, California Apple nodded to several up-and-coming technology trends, unveiling a new "smart" home speaker and device features touching on virtual reality, online privacy and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The "HomePod" speaker unveiled Monday is similar to devices from rivals, some of which have been on the market for years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. It is the first new device Apple has announced in almost three years. It unveiled the Apple Watch in September 2014. Apple "can't afford to yield valuable real estate in the heart of people's homes to Amazon, Google and others," said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That's especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more "pervasive" way that's less dependent on smartphones, he said. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google's Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. New iMacs are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for development virtual-reality "experiences." But Apple is late to the game on VR. Samsung and Google already have VR systems centered on their smartphones. Facebook, HTC and Sony have high-end VR systems, too. New features coming to iPhones and iPads include messages that sync to Apple servers in the cloud. These devices will only keep the most recent messages in local storage. For photos, Apple is turning to a "high efficiency" format to replace the widely used JPEG standard. Apple is also updating the operating software for its Apple Watch, including new watch faces, more personalized alerts that use machine learning to tailor information to you based on your routines and tastes. Most Popular 1 Nick Johnston out as morning meteorologist at WTEN 2 Lost your dog? Albany police search for this pup's owner 3 Emergency personnel respond to I-787 crash 4 Judge stops plea when driver says he can't remember deadly... 5 Arrow pierces windshield of moving car in Schodack 6 Mother uses pliers to pull son's teeth in Walmart restroom,... 7 Bear spotted roaming downtown streets View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
REGISTER | LOGIN PROFILE | LOGOUT Sign Up / Sign In {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome Back {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Registration Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* displayName *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* addressCountry *} {* companyName *} {* eetimesJobfunction *} {* jobFunctionOther *} {* eetimesIndustry *} {* industryOther *} {* optInRegistration *} {* optAgree *} {* optShare *} {* siteName *} {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank You for Registering Please wait you will be redirected shortly. Create New Password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close About Us Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Big Data Breaking News BLOG: Intel to Strike Thunderbolt in CPUs BLOG: SCOTUS Ends Texas Patent Craze NEWS & ANALYSIS: 3DXP's Memory Role Unclear NEWS & ANALYSIS: Big Data Reshapes Silicon NEWS & ANALYSIS: Apple, Intel Attack Rivals SPONSORED: Wideband I/Q Demodulation for Zero-IF High Dynamic ... News & Analysis Apple Turns Up Speakers, AR Sounds better, but not as smart Rick Merritt 6/5/2017 08:01 PM EDT 4 comments NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet SAN JOSE, Calif. – Apple announced a $349, Siri-powered speaker, leveraging its expertise in music against rivals Amazon and Google. It also rolled out developer’s kits for augmented reality and machine learning on iOS 11 and upgraded its Macintosh and iPad computers. The HomePod is a 6.8-inch speaker driven by an Apple A8 SoC to handle echo cancellation and optimize sound for a given space. It packs a four-inch woofer and an array of seven tweeters, each with its own driver to deliver better sound than smart speakers such as Alexa and Google Home. “This is really going after Sonos and Bose home speakers--the audio is superior to Sonos--music is in Apple’s DNA,” said Tim Bajarin, president of market watcher Creative Strategies (Campbell, Calif.). “It’s not designed like Amazon’s Alexa as a front end to online stores…my gut says they will sell millions of these as a powerful home speaker,” he added. Nevertheless, HomePod sports a six-mic array to respond to natural language commands, putting a toe in the water of the smart-speaker market Amazon dominates. HomePod does not enable the range of some 12,000 tasks of Alexa or the range of queries Google supports. Initially, HomePod is prepped for a short list of topics that include music, traffic, weather, stock quotes, unit conversions and translating between a small set of language pairs. Apple’s Siri agent on the iPhone is available in 21 languages, although the HomePod will initially ship only for English. Apple also announced a new translation service in Siri between English, Chinese and the four most popular European languages. The speakers also can be used to control home automation devices built to work with Apple’s HomeKit, which now sports AirPlay 2. The upgraded protocol supports multi-room audio, shared playlists and control via Apple TV. A dozen speaker makers are supporting the protocol as part of a new HomeKit speaker category. “We want to reinvent home music,” said Tim Cook, Apple chief executive, in rolling out HomePod. HomePod, shipping in December, also aims to increase subscribers to Apple Music. The subscription service launched recently now has 27 million subscribers and competes with rivals such as Spotify and Pandora. Next page: Apple pushes into AR, machine learning   The HomePod makes reuse of Apple's existing A8 SoC. (Images: Apple) Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 3 Next > More Related Links Greengrass Embeds Amazon in IoT Video, Where Is Your Metadata? IoT Nets Snag Fishing Industry 18 Views of an AR World SPONSORED: Wideband I/Q Demodulation for Zero-IF High Dynamic Range Receivers Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Re: Android fragmentation sw guy   6/7/2017 6:56:50 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate But moving faster is not a request for Android user. They once bought a phone who pleased them, and they still are able to install recent applications. Because as long as Google statistics show that one would miss too much people by ignoring version N, developper usualy build for target at least N. It may not be feasible in case you want something very specific to versions at least N+k (k≠0), but this is exception. Again, the real issue with Android phones updates is security updates policy, where you may be lucky or you may not. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Android fragmentation rick merritt   6/6/2017 1:33:29 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @sw guy: Cool Google provides tools to target specific Android versions, but I think Cook makes a good point that 86% of iPhone users are on iOS 10 and only 7% of Android users are on its latest version. The Apple ecvosystem is arguably moving forward faster. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Android fragmentation sw guy   6/6/2017 7:34:13 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate May someone please tell Mr Cook that fragmentation is not an issue for Android users ? The reason why Google provides version statistics regarding its store is to allow developpers to create application targeting really live subset of versions, which is not that difficult, thanks to support libraries provided by ... Google. The real pain of phones updates with Android regards security ones. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank CEO .. realjjj   6/6/2017 2:56:53 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate AR craze wave #2 for folks that failed to get the message the first time.AR is not convenient enough with a phone display, Google's efforts are for future form factors, there is no AR market for phone. With the speaker Apple entirely misses the point. The idea is to figure out what can be an affordable device that can go in every room to put Siri everywhere. A TV box doesn't quite fit in every room , an affordable speaker can go just about anywhere but who's gonna buy 5-10 speakers at 350$ each? This generates some revenue but doesn't really help Apple as it will go in rooms that are already Siri enabled. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 6/8/2017 12:29:39 AM TFCSD Refining his eloquent characteristic style, the team leader successfully merged the basics of motivational team building, communications, productivity, and a recent stress reduction... 6/8/2017 12:29:39 AM TFCSD Refining his eloquent characteristic style, the team leader successfully merged the basics of motivational team building, communications, productivity, and a recent stress reduction... 6/7/2017 11:23:42 PM TFCSD Sadly, screaming could not overcome years of being an airport announcer 6/7/2017 10:58:42 PM TFCSD Ready now! Productivity! 1,2,3,1,2,3,... 6/7/2017 8:35:06 PM Cowan LRA Model Hi Dylan - per the subject, based upon the SIA/WSTS's April 2017 global semiconductor sales numbers gleaned from the just posted (June 7th) SIA's HBR (April 2017), the Cowan LRA... 6/7/2017 4:13:54 PM BrainiacV It is time for the manditory team building exercises to promote individual excellence! 6/7/2017 4:08:23 PM TFCSD Our team is assembled so we've been assigned a Coxswain? 6/7/2017 3:59:53 PM TFCSD He said he was the Cox on his last team. As in Coxswain. 6/7/2017 3:49:46 PM TFCSD We said he was a coxswain, as in rowing. 6/7/2017 3:37:48 PM dt_hayden "You are so beautiful, to me ...." Navigate to Related Links Greengrass Embeds Amazon in IoT Video, Where Is Your Metadata? IoT Nets Snag Fishing Industry 18 Views of an AR World SPONSORED: Wideband I/Q Demodulation for Zero-IF High Dynamic Range Receivers Cartoon Contest June 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: Can You Hear Me Now? "Your caption here!" 54 comments All Cartoons May 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Fun house" After he carelessly pressed the wrong button one time too many, the engineers devised a safe space from which their manager could 'manage'. 77 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  24   IBM Claims 5nm Nanosheet Breakthrough  23   Solid State Batteries Aim to Top Li-ion  22   Where Do You Stand on Science March?  22   Engineering Ed Stuck in the Past  18   TSMC Expects First-Half Smartphone Slump  16   DSL Pioneer Describes Terabit Future  15   5 Unresolved Issues Facing Robo-cars  15   AMD Goes Epyc for Data Centers  14   NI's New CEO: Automotive To Be Key Opportunity  14   Macron, Innovator Beyond Politics  24   IBM Claims 5nm Nanosheet Breakthrough  7   Apple, Amazon to Join Foxconn's Toshiba Bid  5   Nvidia CEO Says Moores Law Is Dead  4   Qualcomm Enters Intel PC Stronghold  4   Apple Turns Up Speakers, AR  3   18 Views of an AR World  3   Intels Passenger Economy: Whats the Point?  2   NAND Shortage Drives Price Surge  1   Dual Cameras for Image Fusion  1   March of the Touchless User Interfaces Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" ASPENCORE NETWORK EBN | EDN | EE Times | EEWeb | Electronic Products | Electronics-Tutorials | Embedded | Planet Analog | ElectroSchematics | Power Electronics News | TechOnline | Datasheets.com | Embedded Control Europe | Embedded Know How | Embedded News | IOT Design Zone | Motor Control Design | Electronics Know How | GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia | EE Times China | EE Times India | EE Times Japan | EE Times Taiwan | EDN Asia | EDN China | EDN Taiwan | EDN Japan | ESM China | Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
