About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Pitroski F Score Screener Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Pitroski F Score Screener Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters Search for: Samsung Galaxy Note 8, Google Pixel 2: The Future Of Android By Christopher Morris on May 27, 2017 1:20 pm in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip Two of the interesting smartphone releases due for the coming months are the Galaxy Note 8 and Google Pixel 2. Google is hoping to establish itself as a significant player in the mobile niche, while Samsung must look to recover from the disastrous exploding Galaxy Note 7. While the appearance of the tenth anniversary iPhone 8 will also pose challenges for both developers. Image Credit: Ivo Maric / Concept Creator / YouTube video (screenshot) Galaxy Note 8: Big screen And the latest reports on the Galaxy Note 8 suggest that the phablet will feature a bigger screen than this year’s Galaxy S8. Whispers from close to the Samsung supply chain in East Asia indicate that the consumer electronics giant is ready to fit the next generation mobile with a 6.4-inch infinity display. After the Galaxy S8 included a wraparound display, and with rumors that Apple will include such a screen in the iPhone 8, it is clear that the industry is heading generally in this direction. And it now also seems likely that the front panel of the Galaxy Note 8 will be dominated by significant screen real estate, while the handset may even be more compact than previous releases. As confirmation of this notion, a video posted by Twitter user @mmddj_china seems to reveal the glass-fronted panel from the upcoming Galaxy Note 8. This device is almost completely free of bezels, with extremely narrow bordering above and below the opening for the display. This is an interesting development, as @mmddj_china is a prominent leaker who has been correct in the past on various tech issues. The glass panel included in the video is also an interesting indication of the direction that Samsung may take. And it will be interesting to see how this stacks up against the design of the Apple iPhone 8. Dual-lens camera Recent reports have also suggested that the Galaxy Note 8 will feature a dual-lens rear camera, with the fingerprint scanner in the device being moved and integrated into the display. This will be made possible by the screen-dominated design, while it is also anticipated that both Samsung and Apple will eliminate Home buttons from their devices before the end of the calendar year. Smartphone insider Ming Chi-Kuo has already indicated his belief that the 3x optical zoom camera featuring six element lenses will be the most important new feature in the next-generation Samsung handset, making the photographic capabilities of the Samsung snapper much better than those of the existing iPhone 7 Plus. There have also been suggestions that Samsung will update the user interface included in the Galaxy Note 8 in order to make it more intuitive and user-friendly. Image Credit: Concept Creator / YouTube video (screenshot) Google Pixel 2 details emerge Meanwhile, more details have emerged regarding the second-generation Google smartphone. The Google Pixel 2 can be considered more of a mid-range device, with the screen of the handset significantly smaller than the Galaxy Note range, or even the iPhone 7 Plus. Google evidently believes that the premium smartphone niche is hugely crowded, and thus is aiming for an entirely different market. Geekbench has posted solid details on the Google Pixel 2 cover, with the general consensus of opinion being that the mega-corporation is currently working on three handsets to comprise this range. It is thought that the device tested by Geekbench will be the largest in the series. Specs from the testing process indicate that the Google Pixel 2 will utilize a CPU described as a “Qualcomm @ 1.90 GHz, 1 processor 8 cores”. This points to the Snapdragon 835 that was used previously in the United States model of the Samsung Galaxy S8. 4GB of RAM will also power the device, while the handset in question was running the O generation of Android, which is due for release later this year, widely tipped to be branded as Android Oreo. The device tested by Geekbench also scored 1,804 in single-core testing and 6,248 in multi-core. Google has yet to confirm the existence of the Pixel 2, but reports have indicated that the new smartphone has three internal codenames at the corporation; namely, Muskie, Walleye and Taimen; one of which refers to the expected Pixel XL 2. There is little concrete information on precisely how these models will differ, and only one version of the Google Pixel 2 turned up on Geekbench. But the general consensus is that there will be variance in size and memory in particular. Wraparound display There is some debate over whether or not the Google Pixel 2 will include a wraparound display. This is obviously becoming a popular trend in the industry, but with the Pixel 2 essentially intended to be an affordable device, it is questionable whether Google will be able to include such a display while keeping the price down. And the price tag of the Google Pixel 2 is certainly expected to be affordable, with a possible $650 launch price being linked with the smartphone in the United States. Considering that the iPhone 8 may retail at a price tag in excess of $1,000, this means that many consumers on a budget may be tempted by the Google handset. Camera improvements However, despite the affordable price tag of the Google Pixel 2, it is still anticipated that Google will make significant improvements to this handset. In particular, camera upgrades are expected, with some reports suggesting that the snapper included in this smartphone will be superior to the existing iPhone 7 camera. Google Assistant Meanwhile, Google has also been working on improving its assistant software with the intention of rivalling the existing Siri and Bixby. In future editions, Google Assistant will enable users to analyse the surrounding world with the assistance of the camera included in Google devices. Google refers to this technology as Google Lens, and there are obvious similarities between this new innovation and the Google Glass hardware that proved to be somewhat unsuccessful for the corporation. Thus, for example, Google Lens users can see restaurant ratings by pointing their phones at a storefront, along with many other titbits of information. With this new technology likely to be included in the Google Pixel 2, this promises to be an innovative and intriguing smartphone release. Tags: Galaxy Note 8 Google Pixel 2 Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk Herbalife Expects Lower Guidance; Still No Word On Exec Departure Extensive Notes From Berkshire Hathaway Annual Meeting – May 6, 2017 Mr Market Masters In Business: Marc Andreessen, Venture Capitalist At A16Z Nancy Lazar Discusses The Prospects For The U.S. Economy Copyright © 2017 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team
Toggle navigation About About The Patriot Post Mission Operations Funding Mark Alexander Our Team Patriot Endorsements More About The Patriot Legal Notices Terms of Use Privacy Policy FAQs Archives Alexander's Columns Right Analysis Right Hooks Headline Report Right Opinion Memesters Union Cartoons Email Digests Humor Resources Historic Documents Founders' Quote Database Patriot Petitions Reference Pages The American Flag Be Prepared (EPRPC) External Links The Patriot Post Shop The Patriot Foundation Trust The Oath Act Essential Liberty Project Reagan 2020 Subscription What would you like to do? I want to subscribe. I want to change my email address. I want to change what I receive. I want to unsubscribe. Support Us Patriot Shop Current Digest Right Analysis Right Hooks Right Opinion Alexander's Columns Top Headlines Memes Cartoons Subscribe Support Us Patriot Post Shop About The Patriot Post Search Weekend Review How to Live in Peace Free market allocation is conflict-reducing, whereas government allocation enhances the potential for conflict. Walter E. Williams · May 28, 2017 Tweet Millions of people love Apple computers and wouldn’t be caught using a PC. By contrast, there are many millions of PC users who feel the same way about Apple computers. Many men like double-breasted suits, but I wouldn’t be caught dead in one. Some people swear by Cadillac cars, but my favorite is Mercedes-Benz. Despite these strongly held preferences, there’s no conflict. We never see Apple computer lovers picketing firms that serve PC lovers. Mercedes-Benz lovers don’t battle Cadillac lovers. In free markets, people with strong differences in preferences get along and often are good friends. The reason is simple. If you like double-breasted suits and I like single-breasted suits, we get what we want. Contrast the harmony that emerges when there’s market allocation with the discord when there’s government allocation. For example, some parents want their children to say a morning prayer in school. Other parents are offended by that idea. Both parents have a right to their tastes, but these parental differences have given rise to conflict. Why is there conflict? The answer is simple. Schools are run by government. Thus, there are going to be either prayers in school or no prayers in school. That means parents who want their children to say prayers in school will have to enter into conflict with parents who do not want prayers in school. The stakes are high. If one parent wins, it comes at the expense of another parent. The losing parents have their preferences ignored. Or they must send their children to a private school that has morning prayers and pay that school’s tuition plus property taxes to support a public school for which they have little use. The liberty-oriented solution to the school prayer issue is simple. We should acknowledge the fact that though there is public financing of primary and secondary education, it doesn’t follow that there should be public production of education. Just as there is public financing of M1 Abrams main battle tanks and F/A-18 fighter jets, it in no way follows that there should be government production of those weapons. They are produced privately. There’s no government tank and fighter jet factory. The same principle should apply to education. If state and local authorities annually spend $15,000 per student, they could simply give each parent a voucher of that amount that could only be used for education. That way, the parent would be free to choose. If you wanted to send your children to a school that does not have morning prayers, you would be free to do so. And I could send my children to a school that does. As a result, you and I would not have to fight. We could be friends, play tennis and have a beer or two together. Free market allocation is conflict-reducing, whereas government allocation enhances the potential for conflict. But I’m all too afraid that most Americans want to be able to impose their preferences on others. Their vision doesn’t differ from one that says, “I don’t want my children to say morning prayers, and I’m going to force you to live by my preferences.” The issue of prayers in school is just a minor example of people’s taste for tyranny. Think of the conflict that would arise if the government decreed that factories will produce either double-breasted or single-breasted suits or that there will be either Cadillacs or Mercedes-Benzes built or that there will be either Apple computers or PCs built. Can you imagine how otherwise-peaceable people would be forced into conflict with one another? Government allocation is mostly a zero-sum game, in which one person’s win necessarily means another person’s loss. The great ignored and overlooked feature of market allocation is that it is what game theorists call a positive-sum game. In positive-sum games, you get what you want, say an Apple computer, and I get what I want — a PC, in this case. My win does not come at your expense, and your win doesn’t come at my expense. And just as importantly, we can be friends. COPYRIGHT 2017 CREATORS.COM Tweet Click here to show comments Subscribe Comment Top Headlines Trump Won't Stop Comey Testimony ObamaCare Insurer Participation Down 24% in 2017 Terror Attack Hits London More Headlines Right Opinion George Will Public Broadcasting: Superfluous Yet Seemingly Immortal Tony Perkins Trump Strikes Accord with Paris Promise Gary Bauer Profiles In Courage Burt Prelutsky Income Inequality Makes Perfect Sense The Center for Vision & Values Calling All Unemployed College Grads Jeff Jacoby How Do We Encourage Terrorism? Let Us Count the Ways L. Brent Bozell & Tim Graham Kathy Griffin Gets Her Comeuppance Anthony Watts Au Revoir, Paris Mona Charen The Kids Are Not All Right Gary Bauer Still Whining... David Limbaugh Hillary Clinton — Endless Sore Loser David Harsanyi There Is No Political Tribe That Deserves Your Complete Loyalty More Opinion Memesters Union More Memes Cartoons More Cartoons The Foundation "Foreign influence is truly the Grecian horse to a republic. We cannot be too careful to exclude its influence." —Alexander Hamilton (1793) More Founders' Quotes Our Mission The Patriot Post is steadfast in our mission to extend Liberty to the next generation by advocating for individual rights and responsibilities, supporting the restoration of constitutional limits on government and the judiciary, and promoting free enterprise, national defense and traditional American values. We are not sustained by any political, special interest or parent organization, and we do not accept advertising to ensure our advocacy is not restrained by commercial influence. Our mission and operation budget is made possible by the voluntary financial support of Patriots like you. Please support The Patriot Fund today! Who We Are We advocate individual liberty, the restoration of constitutional limits on government and the judiciary, and the promotion of free enterpise, national defense, and traditional American values. Read More What We Offer On the Web We offer solid conservative perspective on the issues of the day, including analysis, opinion columns, historic documents, humor, cartoons and more. Via Email Choose between our full-length Digest or our quick-hitting Snapshot to keep up with news important to Liberty. We also offer Humor on Monday and Alexander's column on Wednesday. Email Subscriptions Subscribe Change Email Address Change Email Preferences Unsubscribe Support Us Donate Online Donate by Mail FAQ / Contact Us / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017 The Patriot Post.
null
null
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 3:57pm Mon 5 June Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Smartwatch finally beating the fitbit 9:13 AM Sunday May 28, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Gadgets Samsung Group Technology Apple Watch overtakes fitness bands as consumers embrace smartwatches smartwatches have finally stolen the lead in wrist-based gadgetry as Apple and Samsung are leaving fitness trackers behind. Smartwatches have finally stolen the lead in wrist-based gadgetry. Photo / 123RF Wearable technology is not just about counting your steps any more. Smartwatches have finally stolen the lead in wrist-based gadgetry, overtaking fitness bands from the likes of Fitbit and Xiaomi. And, just as in smartphones, it's Apple, Samsung, and Google vying for the most sales ... and space on your wrist, according to news.com.au. Former market leader Fitbit is not going down without a fight, however, plotting to deliver its own fully featured smartwatch later this year. The fitness-focused company suffered a serious drop in popularity this year, according to Canalys, plummeting 30 per cent and selling just 2.9 million devices. By comparison, Apple claimed top spot with 3.8 million Apple Watch sales, up 25 per cent on the same time last year. Canalys analyst Jason Low said additional fitness technology, phone features, and even fashionable accessories were making a smartwatch upgrade more attractive to buyers. "Water resistance, Bluetooth music streaming, and built-in GPS are becoming more relevant as runners and other fitness enthusiasts forgo the bulk of a smartphone," he says. "Just as we continue to see feature phone users upgrading to smartphones, basic band users find smartwatches to be a justifiable upgrade because of their additional (features)." Continued below. Related Content Google cozies up to China with AI secrets and an ancient board game Matt Suddain: What will your life be like in 10 years' time? Apple needs the 'iPhone 8' to succeed more than ever Telsyte managing director Foad Fadaghi says Australians bought more than two million wearable gadgets last year, and 37 per cent of those were smartwatches. He predicts that percentage will grow to half of all wearable devices this year at the expense of fitness trackers. One of the biggest drawcards of using a smartwatch in Australia, Fadaghi says, is its ability to be used like a credit card at the checkout. More than half of Apple Watch users have used Apple Pay, according to Telsyte's survey of 1060 Australians, and more than 70 per cent use it often. "Once users get over the initial barrier of raising a smartwatch to a payment terminal, they start to use it regularly, indicating it might be a critical application for smartwatch retention," he says. But Apple is not the only company to see a rise in smartwatch fortunes. Strategy Analytics found Samsung claimed 19 per cent of the smartwatch market between January and March, narrowly beating Google's Android Wear watches for the first time. But even the most pessimistic analysts aren't counting Fitbit out yet. The company is reportedly preparing to launch its own smartwatch in spring, codenamed Higgs, with leaks suggesting it will have a square screen, GPS chip, heart-rate monitor, payment technology, and four days of battery life. Rumours suggest it has struggled to introduce waterproofing and initially had problems with its GPS antenna, however. CCS Insight wearable technology analyst George Jijiashvili says pitting itself against the vast resources of Apple and Google will be a big ask, and Canalys research analyst Mo Jia says Fitbit's smartwatch will need to be something special from day one. "Its new smartwatch will need a good reception if Fitbit is to turn its fortunes around and return to growth in 2017," he says. - news.com.au Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Thrilling Lions match lights up city Fans on both sides of the match were unified in their enjoyment of the match. Hawke's Bay Today Napier pianist wins nod for dedication A pianist who is dedicated to sharing her talent was awarded a Queen's Birthday Honour… Bay of Plenty Times Opinion: Celebrating our heroes It is a good time to recognise our community good buggers in our own backyard. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Scott Dixon bounces back from crash, takes IndyCar Series lead Dixon bounces back with pair of solid drives at Belle Isle... Viva A bunch of cool boots for winter From flat to block-heeled, stay grounded for winter in a pair of versatile boots True Commercial Auckland Victoria St tower for sale A 10-level office and hospitality building is for sale. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 05 Jun 2017 15:57:59 Processing Time: 623ms
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Here's Why the Best is Yet to Come for Skyworks Solutions, Inc. This Apple supplier could still have room to run after its recent rally. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) May 27, 2017 at 3:00PM It's been a great year for Skyworks Solutions (NASDAQ:SWKS), which supplies power amplifiers, front-end modules, and RF chips to a wide variety of markets. The company has soundly beat top and bottom line expectations for four straight quarters, and its stock has rallied more than 60% over the past 12 months. But looking ahead, Skyworks could still have room to run for five simple reasons. 1. Apple's upcoming iPhone Skyworks supplies its chips to the mobile, automotive, broadband, wireless infrastructure, home automation, industrial, and military markets. But its biggest customer by far is Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), which contributed 40% of its revenues in fiscal 2016. Image source: Apple. This makes Skyworks a great supply chain play on the upcoming iPhone 8. Stifel Nicolaus analyst Aaron Rakers estimates that Apple will sell 224.7 million iPhones this year and 250.6 million units in 2018 -- which would represent an impressive rebound from its first annual decline in 2016. 2. Content share gains in newer smartphones As the technology in smartphones improves, the number of power amplifiers, front-end modules, and RF chips per device increases. For example, an iFixit teardown of the iPhone 6s revealed two Skyworks components inside, while the iPhone 7 teardown found four components. Just over a year ago, Skyworks reported that it had a content share of $1 to $2 per 3G device, more than $3 per 4G device, and over $5 per "advanced" 4G device. But during last quarter's conference call, CEO Liam Griffin declared that certain high-end 4G devices were "approaching $8 to $10 in value," spurred by the growing use of its SkyOne, DRx technology, and DC/DC technologies. Huawei, in particular, notably packed ten Skyworks modules into its latest Honor smartphones: Image source: Skyworks' Investor Presentation. 3. Better connections equal bigger content share gains The main theme here is that fancier smartphones on faster networks will constantly boost Skyworks' average content share per device. The smartphone market may seem saturated today, but Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC) Mobility estimates that the total number of mobile smartphone subscriptions worldwide will still rise from 3.9 billion in 2016 to 6.8 billion in 2022. Within that total, Ericsson expects 4G/LTE subscriptions to rise from 1.9 billion to 4.6 billion, and for 5G subscriptions to grow from nothing today to 540 million. This represents a huge long-term growth opportunity for Skyworks, as smartphone volumes grow and its content share per device increases. 4. The Internet of Things is expanding But over the next few years, Skyworks expects its dependence on Apple and other smartphone makers to wane as the total number of connected devices across the Internet of Things (IoT) surges. Skyworks believes that there will be over 25 billion connected devices worldwide by 2020 -- a figure which would easily dwarf the smartphone market. That growing market includes wearable devices, connected cars, drones, smart speakers, home automation devices, and headsets for augmented and virtual reality applications. Its modules are already used in stand-alone 4G smartwatches like Samsung's Galaxy Gear 3, connected cars like the new Jaguar F-Type, and Alphabet's Google OnHub router and smart home hub. Image source: Skyworks Investor Presentation. 5. Growing margins, profits, and revenues The RF module market generally isn't considered a high-margin one, but Skyworks' gross margins have gradually expanded over the past few years as it scaled up its operations. Source: YCharts That margin expansion, along with robust gains in shipment volumes and content share, are expected to boost the company's top and bottom lines for the foreseeable future. Analysts expect Skyworks' revenue to rise 11% this year and another 10% next year. On the bottom line, its earnings are expected to rise 13% this year and another 14% in fiscal 2018. Should you buy Skyworks today? I previously highlighted Skyworks as one of the best Apple supplier plays on the market, and I still stand by that assessment. It's also a solid long-term play on the Internet of Things market. To top it off, Skyworks' current P/E of 22 is lower than the industry average of 26 for semiconductor makers, and it pays a forward dividend yield of 1.1%. I believe those facts make Skyworks a compelling buy at current prices, but investors should still fully evaluate the risks -- like an unexpected drop in iPhone sales or emerging competitors in the RF space -- before buying any shares.   Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Apple, and Skyworks Solutions. The Motley Fool has the following options: short November 2017 $95 calls on Skyworks Solutions and short November 2017 $92 puts on Skyworks Solutions. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info May 27, 2017 at 3:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson NASDAQ:ERIC $7.40 up $0.06 (0.82%) Skyworks Solutions NASDAQ:SWKS $108.42 up $0.74 (0.69%) Read More Skyworks Solutions Inc. Returns to Growth 3 Top 5G Stocks to Buy and Hold Better Buy: Infinera Corporation vs. Skyworks Solutions 3 Internet of Things Stocks That Could Double Your Money 3 Scorching-Hot Internet of Things Stocks -- Are They Buys? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Here's Why the Best is Yet to Come for Skyworks Solutions, Inc. @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $ERIC, $SWKS
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Some Great News for Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 A report from a seemingly credible source indicates that Apple's iPhone 8 will have this ultra-cool feature. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 27, 2017 at 1:10PM The early leaks around Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming iPhone 8 suggested that the company planned to integrate its Touch ID fingerprint scanning technology directly into the phone's display. This integration would allow Apple to retain its much-loved Touch ID technology, while nearly eliminating the bezels on the front of the phone. In recent weeks, however, rumors have circulated that Apple might -- due to manufacturing difficulties related to the in-display Touch ID sensor -- drop this feature, instead opting to either eliminate Touch ID or use a rear-mounted fingerprint scanner on the iPhone 8. Image source: Apple. Per a new report from Economic Daily News, summarized by DigiTimes, Apple will, indeed, go with a fingerprint scanner embedded in the display. What's the source? DigiTimes' summary of the Economic Daily News article says that this information comes from "sources from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC)." Investors may know TSMC as the manufacturer of some of Apple's A9 processors and all its A10 chips found inside of current iPhone models, but TSMC is also believed to be the contract manufacturer for Apple's current Touch ID sensors. Given Apple and TSMC's successful collaboration on Touch ID technology for previous generations of iPhones, it makes sense that the former would continue to work with the latter on future Touch ID technology. Furthermore, since it is likely that TSMC will be manufacturing Apple's next-generation Touch ID sensor technology, it makes sense that individuals working at the contract chip manufacturing giant would know all about the Touch ID technology that'll be used in the iPhone 8. Great news for Apple, if true! If this information is true, then it seems like a clear win for the company. Apple's iPhone 6s-series didn't sell as well as the iPhone 6-series did, and it doesn't look like the current iPhone 7-series will live up to the iPhone 6-series' greatness, either. With the upcoming iPhone 8, Apple has an opportunity to drive iPhone unit shipments and revenue to record highs, as the design is expected to be all-new. While it wouldn't have been impossible for Apple to have a great iPhone 8 cycle with a compromised Touch ID, I do think the lack of Touch ID, or a rear-mounted Touch ID, would have turned quite a few potential buyers off from buying the device. Not only is a Touch ID sensor embedded directly into the display likely to be much more pleasant to use than a rear-mounted Touch ID sensor, but such integration would be a really "cool" feature that increases the sense of technological wonder of the new device. Remember that while smartphones have become so integrated into many of our lives that they've virtually become necessary products to own, Apple must both convince current iPhone users to upgrade to newer iPhones, as well as try to get owners of Android smartphones to want to switch to the iPhone. With Touch ID integrated into the display, coupled with all the other rumored features and design changes that'll be coming to the iPhone 8, there seems to stand a good chance of driving Apple's iPhone revenue to new heights after a few disappointing product cycles.   Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 27, 2017 at 1:10PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Read More How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now This Crazy Apple Inc. WWDC Rumor Seems Totally Bogus Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Some Great News for Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Weekly Rewind: 'Game of Thrones' is… Weekly Rewind: 'Game of Thrones' is coming, 'Twin Peaks' returns, Bond's best rides By Lulu Chang — Updated May 27, 2017 9:32 am Subscribe Share Helen Sloan/HBO Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: A lot can happen in a week when it comes to tech. The constant onslaught of news makes it nigh impossible for mere mortals with real lives to keep track of everything. That’s why we’ve compiled a quick and dirty list of this week’s top 10 tech stories, from the best of James Bonds’ cars to the future of the Apple MacBook — it’s all here. Apple joins the race to 5G, applies to test experimental technology Just about every major mobile carrier in the United States is hard at work on 5G wireless technology in advance of its launch (hopefully) in a few years’ time. Meanwhile, device makers have to be sure their products will be ready for the network when that day comes. Apple is seeking permission to begin testing 5G technologies for that very purpose, according to a report from Business Insider. Although 5G specifications have not been entirely hammered out yet, we know the FCC approved the 28GHz and 39GHz bands for commercial 5G use last year. These are the same ones mentioned by Apple in its testing application. The 28GHz band, specifically, is meant for ground-to-space transmission, and Apple has reportedly hired engineers with experience developing satellites ahead of testing. Read the full story here. Sir Roger Moore, the longest-serving James Bond actor, has died Roger Moore, the actor with the longest run as British superspy James Bond, has died at age 89. The news of Moore’s death was confirmed by his children — Deborah, Geoffrey, and Christian — in a statement posted on Twitter. The actor’s death was attributed to cancer, and his family indicated that he died Tuesday, May 23, in Switzerland.  Born in South London in 1927, Moore was the oldest actor to take on the role of Ian Fleming’s famous secret agent. Already well-known to American television audiences due to his featured roles in the medieval adventure series Ivanhoe, the Western series Maverick (in which he replaced James Garner during the show’s fourth season), and the popular British series The Saint (which became a hit in syndication in the United States), Moore began his run as James Bond in 1973’s Live and Let Die at the age of 46. Read the full story here. The world’s largest floating solar power plant just went online in China China has announced that the largest floating photovoltaic (PV) facility on earth has finally been completed and connected to the local power grid. Long reviled for its carbon emission record, this is the Chinese government’s latest achievement in its ongoing effort to lead the world in renewable energy adoption. Located in the city of Huainan in the Anhui province, the 40-megawatt facility was created by PV inverter manufacturer Sungrow Power Supply Co. Ironically, the floating grid itself was constructed over a flooded former coal-mining region. Read the full story here. Would Apple dare kill the MacBook? Yeah, it might What if Apple announced the Mac’s retirement? A huge swath of the company’s devotees would be furious … but is it truly an impossible scenario? To many, the MacBook has long been the gold standard for luxury laptop computers. But as Apple’s business interests continue to change over time, the importance of the device’s established user base has become less and less relevant to the company. Apple has enjoyed incredible success thanks to the iPhone and several other wildly popular products — and as a result, the company is poised to do whatever is deemed best for its long-term future. Few of its rivals would kill off such a cash cow, but Apple has no fear of making bold moves forward, even when it means leaving some of its fans behind. Read the full story here. 10 of the most incredible vehicles James Bond has ever driven Vodka martinis. Perfectly tailored suits. The Walther PPK pistol. There are countless examples of iconic imagery sprinkled throughout the James Bond saga, but perhaps none is more memorable than 007’s choice of transportation. During his lengthy tenure at MI6, Mr. Bond and his adversaries have had the pleasure of driving a wide array of vehicles, ranging from stunning Aston Martins to weaponized submarines to combat aircraft. Then there were some have embraced the oft campy nature of the British spy films, and it is those automotive oddities that we’d like to focus on here. Read the full story here. B&O Play gets crafty with its newest product, a music-infused beer Danish audio experts B&O Play, quirky fun-loving sister company to the more serious Bang & Olufsen, has revealed a new music product. It’s not a Bluetooth speaker, nor a pair of gorgeous headphones. It’s a beer. Not just any beer, but one infused with music played through the Beoplay A1 speaker. Don’t check your calendar, it really is the end of May, and not April 1. Now that we’ve established this isn’t a joke (at least, we don’t think it is), here’s what you should know about what’s being called the Beobrew. B&O Play worked with craft brewery Mikkeller to investigate the effect music has on how beer tastes. We imagine a fair amount of beer was consumed before this question was asked in the first place. To find out, a Beoplay A1 speaker was connected to a classic third-generation iPod Nano, and submerged into a fermenting tank over the course of a two-week period. Read the full story here. ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 is coming! Here is everything we know so far Being a Game of Thrones fan has required extra patience this year. After eschewing the usual production schedule to get the right weather to finally allow winter to come to Westeros, the show’s season 7 premiere was pushed back until summer. In the meantime, we’ve had to obsess over any and all pieces of information we can find. The season is going to be a crazy one — even for Game of Thrones — as the stakes have never been higher now that the series finale just 13 episodes away. There are already interesting storylines in progress, from Cersei Lannister (Lena Headey) seating herself on the Iron Throne to Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke) coming to make her claim on the crown on the backs of her dragons. The great game could play out in so many ways, and it is going to be fascinating to watch it develop. Prepare yourself with everything we know so far — but be warned that there are spoilers ahead. Read the full story here. World’s Smallest Garden lets you grow fresh herbs in the most cramped apartment Want to eat more fresh ingredients? Wish you could spend the Memorial Day weekend tending your very own garden? A new Kickstarter project may be able to help with both of these desires. Billing itself as the World’s Smallest Garden, it promises to bring the joy of gardening to your home — even if you live in a tiny, top-floor apartment where the closest thing to wild vegetation is the leftover stir-fry in your fridge. The World’s Smallest Garden is a small cylindrical device you place in the top of a regular bottle, transforming it into a self-watering herb garden in seconds. Read the full story here. New ‘Twin Peaks’ episodes answer some ancient questions, pose many new ones There is a certain humor in Twin Peaks devoting one of the first scenes of its revival to a man staring at a glass box, waiting for something, anything to appear in it. Like the audience, that man — Sam Colby (Ben Rosenfield) — stares at the box, unsure how long he must wait for something to happen. David Lynch, back in the director’s chair, takes his time with the scene, with long cuts back and forth between Sam and the box, the only sound a faint hum. The buzz of an intercom, piercing the silence, gives a greater jolt than most horror movies could hope to. In the age of on-demand shows and binge watching, Lynch establishes that these new episodes of Twin Peaks will not provide quick satisfaction. These first two installments wander from place to place, story to story, briefly visiting old characters and introducing new ones. In New York, Sam maintains his vigil over the box. In South Dakota, police find the severed head of librarian Ruth Davenport in her bed, a scene that hearkens back to Lynch’s Mulholland Drive. And back in the town of Twin Peaks, Deputy Chief Hawk (Michael Horse) looks into a cold case: the disappearance of Special Agent Dale Cooper. Read the full story here.
Digital Trends Home > Apple > Apple is reportedly working on a dedicated AI… Apple is reportedly working on a dedicated AI processor for its devices By Christian de Looper — Updated May 26, 2017 7:32 pm Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Apple is working on a chip designed specifically for artificial intelligence, which means your iPhone could soon learn a whole lot quicker than it already does. Apple is looking to expand its horizons, and it seems as though those horizons could soon include more artificial intelligence. According to a report from Bloomberg, the company is working on a chip designed specifically for artificial intelligence. The chip is reportedly known internally as Apple Neural Engine, and will essentially improve how devices like the iPhone handle tasks that might otherwise need human intelligence to work properly. In other words, your iPhone could soon learn a whole lot quicker than it already does. Artificial intelligence is becoming increasingly important, but the likes of Amazon and Google seem to have gotten a head start on Apple. This new chip, however, could push Apple’s products onto the cutting edge of artificial intelligence technology — and could also power other new technologies, such as augmented reality and self-driving cars. There’s no word yet on when the chip could be officially unveiled — but when it doe,s it will go up against other, similar products that companies have already unveiled. Qualcomm’s latest Snapdragon chips, for example, do have a dedicated module specifically for artificial intelligence, while Google has the Tensor Processing Unit, which works in Google’s own data centers to power some of its new services with built-in artificial intelligence. It’s possible aspects of Apple’s new AI chip could be discussed at its Worldwide Developers Conference, which is coming in early June. If not, the company may still talk about AI in general, especially considering how important the concept has become for large tech companies over the past few years. Apple will unveil iOS 11, its latest and greatest mobile operating system, at the show, along with a new version of macOS, its computer operating system. We’ll have to wait and see if Apple does eventually unveil an AI-specific chip — but one thing is for sure: AI will continue to be a major focus for Apple and other tech companies for the foreseeable future.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple opens flagship Singapore store, its first retail outlet in Southeast Asia Adam Westlake - May 27, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Saturday saw the official opening of Apple‘s new retail store in Singapore, also marking the first Apple Store to open in Southeast Asia. Officially known as Apple Orchard Road, the store is the latest of Apple’s next-generation retail stores, feature design elements like a large, all-glass front, open spaces to be used for community-focused events such as Today at Apple, tree planters inside, and custom wood furniture. The store’s design and interior were first revealed earlier this week when Apple finally had the barricades removed after months of work. At 10:00 AM on Saturday the store was opened to the public, with a significant crowd waiting outside. Apple’s senior vice president of retail, Angela Ahrendts, was present at the opening to welcome visitors and take part in the celebration with staff. An unbelievable morning on Orchard Road. So touched by the warmth and passion of everyone who joined us today. #AppleOrchardRoad pic.twitter.com/wYi9jVG9k9 — Angela Ahrendts (@AngelaAhrendts) May 27, 2017 After spending almost two years in the planning stages, Apple Orchard Road has come to life as two-story outlet featuring a curved staircase that features design elements borrowed from the new Apple Park headquarters in Cupertino. Upstairs guests will find the Genius Grove and gathering area for Today at Apple sessions, while the bottom floor has plenty of tables showcasing the company’s many products and accessories. The @Apple store at Orchard Road opened its doors to the public on Saturday (May 27) at 10am. https://t.co/R7c3HyUhHn pic.twitter.com/crj3seNcmU — TODAY (@TODAYonline) May 27, 2017 Part of Apple’s goal with redesigning their stores is to change the public’s perception of the locations as simply places to buy Apple products. Ahrendts has said that they want Apple stores to be viewed more as meeting spots, much like Starbucks, or as places where interesting events take place, with friends wanting to check it out together. Secretive and apparently delayed, Southeast Asia's first Apple Store – Apple Orchard Road – opens today pic.twitter.com/1MgF21eg6B — レイチェル (@tegamiRN) May 27, 2017 Loving the new Orchard Road Apple Store 🍎 pic.twitter.com/GpcpxwhtUD — Michael Flux (@michaelflux) May 27, 2017 VIA MacRumors Story Timeline Apple will open its first South Korean retail store What is "Today at Apple"? Apple launches 'How to Shoot on iPhone 7' photography how-to series Apple buys machine learning specialists Lattice Data for $200M Tim Cook himself is testing the new Apple Watch's huge medical feature Apple's streaming WWDC 2017 keynote is June 5th: How to watch Tags AppleApple StoreBusinessretail Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Our Report covers Major Patent Troller Uniloc Filing 3 Lawsuits against Apple and a Video taking a Peek at the 'Patent Scam' Industry | Main | Sharp's Future U.S. Plant will make Smartphone Displays in Addition to Specialized Displays for Boeing and Beyond » May 27, 2017 Major Tech & Industrial Companies Race to Acquire AI Startups as the AI Revolution Draws Nigh   It was just yesterday that we posted a report titled "Apple's advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a 'Neural Engine' Chip now Emerges." Two weeks ago we posted a report titled "AI Wars are almost reaching Fever Pitch with new Home Devices and Apple Fans look to WWDC 2017 for Apple's Response." One of Reuters latest reports makes the same point about the activity surrounding AI in the tech sector.   A new Reuters report quotes a statement by research firm CB Insights about the AI frenzy: "A total of 34 artificial intelligence startups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Alphabet Inc's Google has acquired 11 AI startups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple, Facebook and Intel respectively."   The companies noted in the report declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company's recent purchase of Lattice Data, a startup that specializes in working with unstructured data.   Apple is focused mainly on the retail/consumer sector while AI is ripping through all sectors of technology. Nvidia's Tesla P100 AI GPU was just adopted by IBM who see's this GPU as a game changer for the AI revolution.   Intel is going full tilt into into AI and made one of their largest acquisitions ever to gain Israel's Mobileye for autonomous vehicles. And the Reuters report today points to Ford Motor spending a billion dollars on Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams ag Google and Uber Technologies.   Large acquisitions aside, Apple never talks about their plans or projects. We know for a fact that they have a Project Titan team resides in Ottawa Canada in an industrial park that houses a research team from BlackBerry developing an autonomous vehicle OS and Apple is hiring as many of BlackBerry engineers that they can for their carOS efforts. You can't be developing an carOS for autonomous vehicles without a connection to AI. So while we don't know at what stage Apple is at, it's assured that one of their AI projects is related to Project Titan. One of their major AI acquisitions was Vocal IQ, a company that had a major focus on a digital assistant designed for the autonomous car.   I remember the unveiling of Apple's iPhone in 2007 which set off the mobile revolution which was an amazing time to see unfold. The AI revolution is not yet here. All we see is the preparation for the AI revolution, but for now it's just tiny baby steps coming to market in the form of Home devices and elementary digital assistants.   So many industries are banking on the coming 5G networks to help ignite the revolution and that's only three years away. So time will tell if that's when the starting gun for the AI Revolution truly fires.Yet whenever it does, we'll get to behold one of the most interesting times in history unfold. The AI revolution will of course dwarf the mobile revolution in shear scope covering every major market sector from the consumer, to the enterprise, to vehicles, to home automation, robotics and far beyond. It's a wonderful time to be alive.  For more on this, read the new Reuters report titled "Acquisitions accelerate as tech giants seek to build AI smarts."   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on May 27, 2017 at 12:07 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
International Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic Drones Why the World’s Best Consumer Drones Aren’t Just “Made in China,” They’re Designed and Developed There Too Clay Chandler May 27, 2017 I try not to get drawn into debates about whether Chinese companies can innovate. It's a ridiculous question and invites nasty stereotypes. Plus, if I hear one more genius invoke the iPad to justify his claim of American tech superiority I think my head will explode. You probably know the argument I mean. It goes: Sure, the iPad is manufactured in China but that doesn't matter because Americans design such awesome devices and brilliant operating systems that they add most of the value and capture most of the profit. (You'll find data to support the Apple "value-added" argument here and here.) I don't deny Apple's success. But it doesn't prove Chinese companies can't innovate, or that there aren't a lot of advantages to being heavily involved in both the design and manufacture of your products. Consider the case of another increasingly popular electronic gadget: consumer drones. In that category, the global leader isn't from Silicon Valley or any other Western economy. It's a Shenzhen-based company called Da-Jiang Innovations Science and Technology Co. (DJI). DJI claims 70% of the world’s market for drones. Sales surged 60% to $1.4 billion in 2016. DJI's financial backers include Accel Partners, and its latest funding-round gives the little known firm a valuation of $10 billion. This week DJI bolstered its already formidable lead in consumer drones by introducing Spark, a new model mini-drone that is as small as a soda can, can be controlled by hand gestures, and costs less than $500. As recently as two years ago, there were half a dozen companies competing to produce drones in a price and performance format that would appeal to mainstream consumers. Among them: Parrot, a 22 year-old French electronics manufacturer; Lily Robotics, a San Francisco-based drone startup; and GoPro, the popular maker of portable action cameras. Parrot surrendered in January, announcing it would eliminate two-thirds of the positions in its drone division. Lily, founded in 2013, released a dazzling video in mid-2015 touting a camera drone that would follow you around and could be launched simply by tossing it into the air. The video attracted millions of viewers, raised $15 million in funding, and sold more than $34 million in pre-orders. But the company ran into production difficulties and burned through all its cash. In January 2017, Lily shut down without shipping a single unit. GoPro had a well-known brand and a solid following among outdoor adventurers. In 2015, GoPro executives announced plans to release an small, affordable drone called the Karma by spring of 2016. But the release had to be pushed back until November and then, only days before launch, delayed again because malfunctions caused the Karma drones to lose power and fall from the sky. Karma was eventually released in February. DJI was founded in 2006 by Frank Wang, a Hangzhou native studying engineering at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Its first product, the Phantom quadcopter released in 2013, was for enthusiasts and professional photographers. Late last year, the company launched a smaller, more portable consumer drone called the Mavic Pro that was priced under $1000 and delivered on features rivals had only promised. The Mavic Pro can fly for about 30 minutes on a single battery charge and has a range of 7 kilometers. It offers a 4K video and yet is is small enough to fold up and put in a book bag. The best thing about the Mavic is its unique software that enables it to detect obstacles mid-air and avoid crashes, and automatically return to "base" if runs low on power. The product drew rave reviews from customers. This essay was originally published in our CEO Daily Newsletter. Subscribe. DJI executives cite their location with the manufacturing ecosystem of southern China's Pearl River delta as critical to their success. The company has its own manufacturing facilities. Engineers can test prototypes in neighboring facilities, speeding product development. DJI can recruit from a large pool of engineering talent. They can't imagine trying to manage all that from a research park half a world away. Spark, the new mini-drone, is a classic example of Chinese innovation. It has a range of only 2-kilometers and can stay aloft for just 16 minutes. But it offers many of the same software features as the Mavic, and can be controlled by hand gestures, a big plus for beginners. (Read TIME's Spark review here.) Spark's rollout prompted analysts at the Motley Fool to declare: "GroPro's Karma is Now Dead in the Water." Smug assumptions about China's "inability" to innovate deserve a similar fate. Clay Chandler @claychandler clay.chandler@timeinc.com Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Will Himax Technologies Stock Rebound on This Potential Design Win? The company missed estimates but gave investors an encouraging signal that business could soon take off. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) May 27, 2017 at 12:00PM Himax Technologies' (NASDAQ:HIMX) fiscal 2017 first quarter failed to meet Wall Street's revenue and earnings targets, thanks to lower orders from its augmented reality (AR) and smartphone customers. Nevertheless, shares initially jumped more than 12% after the report as the semiconductor and sensor specialist has potentially landed an important design win with a major smartphone customer. Why Himax can land a spot at Apple As it turns out, Himax has received a large order commitment from an unnamed customer for its wafer-level optics (WLO) sensors. Rumors suggest that this could be Apple as the next iPhone is expected to feature 3D sensing technology, so Cupertino could be tapping Himax to supply the 3D scanners. Image source: Himax Technologies.  Back in March, noted Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicted that the next iPhone's front camera will come equipped with AR capabilities and advanced facial recognition. What's more, the front camera is also expected to take 3D selfies and scan 3D objects. Morgan Stanley analyst Charlie Chan believes that Himax could become the supplier of choice for Apple given its progress in WLO technology (via Barron's): Today, Intel's RealSense 3D camera has enabled 3D sensing in PC/tablet platforms. Himax's wafer-level optics (WLO) technology can further reduce the size and fit the 3D sensing in smartphones. Now, Himax has been dropping subtle hints regarding the uptake of its WLO products. Earlier this year, the company pointed out that it will spend between $50 million and $55 million to enhance its WLO and liquid-crystals-on-silicon (LCOS) capacity. More specifically, Himax had pointed out that the "WLO technology is adopted by our customers to enable new things such as 3D depth scanning," so it was already preparing for a production ramp to meet an anticipated jump in demand. Now, a design win at Apple has probably encouraged Himax to boost investment in this area. The semiconductor specialist will spend $80 million to build new WLO capacity this year with a major ramp slated to begin in the third quarter. In fact, Himax believes that it will witness "explosive revenue growth" once this technology goes mainstream, and the company is already collaborating with leading OEMs to achieve this goal. Why a place in the iPhone will be big for Himax Himax Technologies has struggled to increase revenue in recent quarters, while its margin has also been on the decline as some of its AR customers have decided to scrap current-generation products. Data by YCharts. A design win for the next iPhone will bring about a much-needed boost to its financials. Chan believes that 20% of Himax revenue will come from 3D sensing products in 2018. Consensus estimates place revenue growth at 14% in fiscal 2018 versus a 6% decline this year. The turnaround makes sense if Apple ends up manufacturing approximately 100 million units of its next-generation smartphone. That will deliver significant top line gains to Himax, and the adoption of its 3D sensing products will also have a positive effect on the bottom line since they carry higher margins. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info May 27, 2017 at 12:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Himax Technologies NASDAQ:HIMX $7.80 up $0.22 (2.90%) Read More What to Look For in Himax Technologies' Q1 Results Why Himax Technologies, Inc. Stock Plunged Today Himax Technologies History: Everything Investors Need to Know Why Himax Technologies, Inc. Stock Fell 19.1% in September 2 Things Himax Technologies Needs to Prove in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Will Himax Technologies Stock Rebound on This Potential Design Win? @themotleyfool #stocks $HIMX
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, May 28, 2017 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Apple said to plan dedicated AI chip FUTURE BUSINESS:The company has not been implementing AI aggressively despite its importance in self-driving cars and augmented reality, on which Apple is focusing Bloomberg Apple Inc got an early start in artificial intelligence (AI) software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing AI to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, a person familiar with the matter said. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way Apple devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence, such as facial and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that has not been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc and Alphabet Inc in the booming field of AI. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and cofounder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Apple devices handle complex AI processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding AI processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc’s Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling AI tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit, last year. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that is to be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. Apple has tested prototypes of new iPhones with the chip, the person with knowledge of the matter said, adding that it is unclear if the component will be ready this year. The company’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photographs application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload AI-related tasks, the person said. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. This story has been viewed 2116 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-29 to 2017-06-05 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Toy gun maker sent to prison 2 Torrential rain floods northern areas 3 League might soon be linked to KMT 4 Beijing’s handling of Lee’s case is backfiring 5 Father George Martinson dies MORE  1 Torrential rain floods northern areas 2 Toy gun maker sent to prison 3 Extension requested for 228 claimants 4 Father George Martinson dies 5 Regulations stifling tech industry: TCA chairman MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Search Contact Us Home Rock Metal News Songs Videos Lists Cage Match Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram subscribe via RSS Trending: Chris Cornell Death New Foo Fighters Song 2017 Best Metal Albums Metallica Albums Ranked Loudwire Podcast Next to None, Featuring Mike Portnoy’s Son, Release ‘The Apple’ Music Video By Joe DiVita May 27, 2017 12:21 PM SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT EMAIL REDDIT Subscribe to Loudwire on Mike Portnoy is known as one of the world’s leading drummers, leaving high expectations for his son, Max, who sits behind the kit in Next to None. So, is he a chip off the old block? The music video for “The Apple” seems to indicate he is! An apple dangles from a tree branch, opening up the video as Max demonstrates his more than capable chops with a frenetic spotlight drum fill to kick the song off. “The Apple” takes on a djenty sound with undulating, downtuned rhythms accented by turntable scratching. Brutality is unleashed in the form of multi-tracked vocals, exploring bowel-churning growls before transitioning into a gleaming, clean-sung chorus. “Our new album incorporates many different styles from metal to prog. ‘The Apple’ shows the heavier side of the band while still having a melodic chorus,” Next to None stated as a collective. With a diverse sound, they can fit on a variety of different bills and recently wrapped up their first-ever European tour with labelmates Haken, who have been gathering considerable buzz around their sometimes quirky, but brilliant brand of progressive metal. With dates booked in June and early July, Next to None will share the road with Mike Portnoy as the legend has a series of dates booked with Shattered Fortress, the name he’s given to the lineup that was assembled to perform Dream Theater‘s “12 Step-Suite.” Portnoy has insisted that Shattered Fortress is an “event,” not a new band or project. Next to None’s sophomore record, Phases, will be released on July 7 through EMP Label Group (North America), which is headed up by Megadeth bassist David Ellefson, and InsideOut Music (Europe). Pre-orders for the album can be placed here where fans can explore both physical and digital options. Best Metal Albums of 2017 (So Far) Image of 10 Best Rock and Metal Drummers of All Time Subscribe to Loudwire on 2017 Hard Rock + Metal Album Release Calendar Filed Under: Mike Portnoy | Next to None Category: Metal | News | Songs | Videos SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT More Leave a comment EMAIL Print this page Pin it! REDDIT Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Around the Web ZergNet Best of Loudwire 10 Greatest Metal Guitar Duos Pierce the Veil + Sum 41 Wrap ‘We Will Detonate’ Tour in Third Behind-the-Scenes Diary [Exclusive Video] 10 Things To Learn About Maynard James Keenan by Who He Follows on Twitter Corey Taylor: Stone Sour’s ‘Fabuless’ Is About ‘People Who Are Famous for Nothing’ Leave a Comment WATCH NOW Rockers We've Lost in 2017 Latest News Eighteen Visions Unleash ‘Live Again’ Video, Play First Show in a Decade June 4, 2017 8:51 AM Nikki Sixx: ‘I’m Terrified for Our Future’ After President Trump’s Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord June 4, 2017 8:42 AM Dave Grohl Confirms Rami Jaffe as Foo Fighters Member, Talks Them Crooked Vultures Future June 4, 2017 8:37 AM Serj Tankian Joins Audioslave Members for ‘Like a Stone’ Chris Cornell Tribute During Prophets of Rage’s Rock Im Park Set June 4, 2017 8:32 AM 21 Years Ago: Metallica Release ‘Load’ June 4, 2017 8:25 AM Avenged Sevenfold’s Synyster Gates Has Voice Transformed in Wild Onstage Prank in Sweden June 3, 2017 11:36 AM Accept Detail ‘The Rise of Chaos’ Album, Digitally Release Title Track June 3, 2017 11:02 AM Brendon Small’s Galaktikon Reveal Full Details of ‘Galaktikon II: Become the Storm’ Album, Launch Fan Contest June 3, 2017 10:07 AM 40 Worst Rock Tattoos Before They Were Famous [Photos] Features 10 Things To Learn About Maynard James Keenan by Who He Follows on Twitter 3 days ago Darkthrone Albums Ranked 3 days ago Best Death Metal Album of Each Year Since 1985 4 days ago Morbid Angel + Suffocation Unearth True Heaviness in New York City [Photos + Review] 4 days ago 10 Best American Metal Bands 5 days ago 10 Reasons Why Metallica’s ‘Load’ Is Better Than You Remember 2 weeks ago Top 30 Grunge Albums of All Time 2 weeks ago At The Gates Albums Ranked 2 weeks ago Top 100 Classic Rock Songs Diffuser Network Contact Us Advertise Privacy Welcome back to Loudwire It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to Loudwire It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://loudwire.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Loudwire (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Loudwire brought to you by: Sign up for Loudwire Birth Month January February March April May June July August September October November December Birth Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Birth Year 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 Sign up for Loudwire quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Loudwire brought to you by: Loudwire Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish TSMC Reportedly Confirms iPhone Embedded Fingerprint Sensor By Tyler Lee on 05/27/2017 08:35 PDT There have been rumors to suggest that Apple will go with an embedded fingerprint sensor with the iPhone 8, where the home button will be removed and users can scan their fingerprint via the display. However there have been some photos that surface that suggests that maybe Apple might simply move the fingerprint sensor to the back. However that might not be the case because in a report from DigiTimes, it seems that TSMC themselves might have confirmed the embedded fingerprint sensor. For those unfamiliar with TSMC, they are one of the chipmakers for Apple’s A-series of chipsets. The report claims that TSMC had told their sources that there are a number of design changes to the iPhone 8, and that one of those changes is an embedded fingerprint sensor. That being said, DigiTimes doesn’t exactly have the best track record when it comes to Apple related rumors, so take it with a grain of salt for now. So far based on the feedback we’ve seen, many are disliking the possibility that the fingerprint sensor could be placed on the back, just like how many reacted negatively to Samsung’s choice of a rear-facing fingerprint sensor. In any case we’re probably still several months away from hearing about the iPhone 8, but here’s hoping this information is accurate! Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about iPhone and TSMC. Related Articles 2017-06-02 3D Printed iPhone 8 Models Based On Leaked Schematics 2017-06-02 New Galaxy S8 And LG G6 Variants Reportedly Inspired By iPhone 8 2017-05-25 Qualcomm Wants Court To Order Apple Suppliers To Pay Them Royalties 2017-05-25 Alleged iPhone 8 Compared Against iPhone 7, 7 Plus 2017-03-21 TSMC To Decide On US Chip Plant In 2018 2016-07-18 TSMC Could Have The Exclusive To Apple’s A10 & A11 Chipsets 2016-05-06 TSMC Rumored To Have Begin Designing Apple’s A11 Chipset 2016-02-15 TSMC Affected By Taiwan Earthquake, Production Impacted Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Foxconn Insider Leaks Details About iPhone 8, Apple Glasses, E-Ink Keyboard, Siri Speaker, More What We Expect Apple to Announce at WWDC 2017 Live Blog of Apple's 2017 WWDC Keynote Sonos Sale: $100 Off Sonos SUB, $50 Off Two PLAY:1 Speakers [Deal] The Robot Factory is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] iOS 11 Concept Features Updates to Siri, Control Center, Camera, Phone, More [Video] Google Hangouts Now Integrated With the Built-In Phone App on the iPhone Check Out This Gorgeous iPhone Pro Concept [Images] Adobe Releases Free 'Adobe Scan' OCR App for iOS [Download] Microsoft Introduces the Next Generation of Skype [Video] Drone Footage Shows Trees Inside Apple Park Cafe [Video] Apple Begins Decorating the McEnery Convention Center for WWDC 2017 [Photos] Apple Announces Swift Playgrounds Update With Support for Robots, Drones, and Musical Instruments Google Sheets for iOS Now Lets You Insert, Edit, and Change Chart Types Sony Prioritizes Apple CMOS Image Sensor Orders Plex Announces Support for Live TV [Video] Apple Announces Developer Earnings From the App Store Have Topped $70 Billion Apple Opens Orchard Road Retail Store in Singapore [Photos] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted May 27, 2017 at 3:51pm by iClarified · 6368 views · Translate Apple has opened its first retail store location in Southeast Asia. The Orchard Road store in Singapore opened its doors this morning with Angela Ahrendts, Apple's SVP of Retail, on hand to greet customers. Apple Orchard Road opened Saturday to thousands of customers who queued to explore Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. Braving the equatorial heat as early as Friday night, customers were greeted by Apple’s Angela Ahrendts and the store’s 237 employees when doors opened at 10 a.m. The location features a 120-foot glass facade that blurs the barrier between inside and out, while 16 interior trees continue the city’s lush greenery throughout the space. A unique 25-foot canopy protects Apple Orchard Road from tropical sunlight and provides shelter from the rain. As an architectural highlight, the location features twin curved Castagna stone staircases. Check out a few photos below! Follow iClarified Comments (7) Add Comment Chip - May 28, 2017 at 2:14pm It would be interesting to see Apple make moves just like the Chinese. Bring your American workers to work there don't hire any locals to work for your company. Yet the Chinese does this globally and nobody says one word about it. The USA got to be only sucker of the world to allow anyone to have there way with it to bad the same can't be said for any other foreign country in the world. Haha Reply · Like · Mark as Spam wurtz - May 29, 2017 at 6:26am Sorry, Chinese slop and noodle shop doesn't count. They don't pay their employees anything that's why they only have Chinese employees. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Chip - May 28, 2017 at 12:06am Now more prostitues can hang in the store to kill some time. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Me - May 27, 2017 at 5:19pm That woman's got a new Apple Watch on. Looks thinner and the band goes in lower Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Chip - May 28, 2017 at 2:08pm No she sides not. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 2 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple opens first official store in Southeast Asia AFP May 27, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share 1 / 2 People queue outside the Apple store in Singapore's Orchard shopping district on its opening day, on May 27, 2017 People queue outside the Apple store in Singapore's Orchard shopping district on its opening day, on May 27, 2017 (AFP Photo/Roslan RAHMAN) Singapore (AFP) - Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop -- easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade -- is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Rebel Wilson Lost 105lb And Looks Gorgeous GreeningzSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The Ultimate List Of Iconic Swimsuit Moments... www.hooch.netSponsored NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Trunk Club. Making Sense of Style. Trunk ClubSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech 'Need for Speed Payback' puts players on the road to revenge this November Digital Trends How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech What Happened To Lynda Carter? SemesterzSponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
Just In 1hr One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 1hr Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack Govt starts GST awareness drive for consumers Seven die in terror attack in London; three assailants shot dead There is political confusion in Tamil Nadu, says Rahul Gandhi UK parties suspend election campaign after terror attack Army pays tribute to jawans killed in convoy attack in J&K Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD AI acquisitions accelerate as technology giants seek to build smart start-ups Share On JUST IN 1hr One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 1hr Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack Govt starts GST awareness drive for consumers Seven die in terror attack in London; three assailants shot dead There is political confusion in Tamil Nadu, says Rahul Gandhi UK parties suspend election campaign after terror attack Army pays tribute to jawans killed in convoy attack in J&K Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Chennai Silks fire: The story till now Business Business AI acquisitions accelerate as technology giants seek to build smart start-ups Reuters SAN FRANCISCO, May 27, 2017 21:03 IST Updated: May 27, 2017 21:03 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Tech hunt: Firms are locked in a bidding war for academics specialising in artificial intelligence.   Reuters SAN FRANCISCO, May 27, 2017 21:03 IST Updated: May 27, 2017 21:03 IST more-in Alphabet’s Google has led the pack, followed by Apple, Facebook and Intel A total of 34 artificial intelligence start-ups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter, research firm CB Insights said. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Alphabet Inc.’s Google has acquired 11 AI start-ups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple Inc., Facebook Inc., and Intel Corp., respectively. The companies declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company’s recent purchase of Lattice Data, a start-up that specializes in working with unstructured data. Ford Motor The first quarter also saw one of the largest deals to date as Ford Motor Co. invested $1 billion in Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams at Google and Uber Technologies Inc. Start-ups are looking to go deep on applications of artificial intelligence to specific fields, such as health and retail, industry observers say, rather than compete directly with established companies. What you will see is very big players will build platform services, and start-up communities will migrate more to applied intelligent apps, said Matt McIlwain, managing director of Madrona Venture Group. Healthcare start-up Forward, for example, is using artificial intelligence to crunch data that can inform doctors recommendations. For people who really want to focus on core AI problems, it makes a lot of sense to be in bigger companies, said Forward CEO Adrian Aoun, who previously worked at Google. But for folks who really want to prove a new field, a new area, it makes more sense to be separate. AI companies that do remain independent field a steady stream of suitors: Matthew Zeiler, CEO of Clarifai, which specializes in image and video recognition, said he has been approached about a dozen times by prospective acquirers since starting the firm in 2013. Clarifai’s pitch to customers such as consumer goods company Unilever Plc. and hotel search firm Trivago is bolstered by its narrow focus on artificial intelligence. “(Google) literally competes with almost every company on the planet,” he said. “Are you going to trust them with being your partner for AI?” Tech giants have been locked in a bidding war for academics specializing in artificial intelligence. A company with a specialised mission can win over recruits, said Vic Gundotra, chief executive of AliveCor, which makes an AI-driven portable heart monitor. “They say, I want to come here and work on a project that might save my mother’s life,” Mr. Gundotra said. More In Industry Business computing and information technology merger, acquisition and takeover Related Articles << Previous Story BMW, Audi cut car prices ahead of GST roll out Next Story >> Odisha’s biggest integrated steel plant commissioned Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Printable version | Jun 5, 2017 9:28:15 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/ai-acquisitions-accelerate-as-technology-giants-seek-to-build-smart-start-ups/article18591034.ece © The Hindu Switch it up this year: Buy in May, till November stay Some are bullish on the healthy global economic outlook Reuters Top Picks in The Hindu today Visakhapatnam is sitting on a pollution bomb When cops joined hands to build houses for ailing underprivileged persons RTI unearths a hidden wedding Women to get combat role in Army What to expect at Apple’s 2017 developers' conference Faster, higher, smoother Google doodles Nutan’s expressions Google to pay $200,000 in hunt for Android bugs Four jawans scale Everest without oxygen support Fishermen try new nets for healthier oceans Close X Next Story >> Odisha’s biggest integrated steel plant commissioned CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Two Older Apple Office Buildings in Cupertino were Temporarily Evacuated due to a Gas Leak | Main | Major Tech & Industrial Companies Race to Acquire AI Startups as the AI Revolution Draws Nigh » May 27, 2017 Our Report covers Major Patent Troller Uniloc Filing 3 Lawsuits against Apple and a Video taking a Peek at the 'Patent Scam' Industry   The patent troll known as Uniloc USA filed four counts of patent infringement against Apple in June 2016 and another three counts in April 2017 covering iOS 7's Frequent Locations Feature and more. On Friday, Uniloc USA and Uniloc Luxembourg filed three more patent infringement lawsuits against Apple covering battery charging, AirPlay and Auto Dialing.   This is what professional patent trolls do for a living. They don't make a product that they're defending; they're just suing rich companies like Apple, over and over and over again for profit.   The Patent Scam   The video below is titled "The Patent Scam." A documentary is reportedly in the works, but for now, Austin Meyer tells us of his run in with Uniloc and touches on Apple being sued by this patent troll. It's a very interesting video if you're not a fan of patent trolls.   In December Patent Apple posted a report titled "The Patent Case of the Decade Could End Most Patent Troll Litigation in Eastern Texas Courts against Apple & others." Last Monday the Supreme Court decision was handed down with an 8 to 0 ruling that argued that patent infringement suits can only be filed in the jurisdiction where the target company is incorporated which is bound to hurt the infringement industry in Eastern Texas.   The battle against patent trolls continues with a new tactic in trying to get state laws to change to limit 'attorney-owned' patents. Ars Technica reported that "Cloudfare the CDN and Internet security company, has gone full berserker-mode in its fight against patent-holding company Blackbird Technologies" and they're fighting back. The company is giving away T-Shirts like the one below for anyone who provides them with a legitimate entry of prior art.   Uniloc v. Apple   In their first patent infringement case against Apple we learn that they're using an HP patent. The lawsuit states that "Uniloc USA is the exclusive licensee of patent 6,661,203 with ownership of all substantial rights therein, including the right to grant sub-licenses, to exclude others, and to enforce, sue and recover past damages for the infringement thereof.   HP wouldn't sue Apple directly because it would be bad for PR for something as ancient as charging batteries on devices. But surely they must have known that selling the rights to their patents to a patent troll would result in hurting competitors and falling back on them as being just as guilty.   Uniloc notes that Apple's iPhones, iPads, Apple Watches and MacBooks incorporate rechargeable batteries having a temperature sensor that their patent licensed patent covers and therefore infringe on "their patent."   They note that Apple has directly infringes at least claim #1, as noted below:   "An apparatus for charging a battery comprising a charging circuit for providing a charging current to the battery; a temperature sensor positioned to sense a temperature of said battery; and a controller coupled to said temperature sensor and said charging circuit and operable to control said charging circuit in accordance with said temperature, said controller operable to set said charging current to zero when said temperature is higher than a first predetermined threshold value."   Apple's customers who use such devices in accordance with Apple's instructions directly infringe claims 1, 8 and 16 of the '203 Patent.   In one aspect of the "The Prayer for Relief" they want the court to award them "damages suffered as a result of Apple's infringement of the '203 patent."   They licensed the patent for the purpose of suing. What "damages suffered" are they talking about? They don't make a phone, tablet, watch or notebook using a rechargeable battery. The damages are purely one of financial gain. How can the courts not see that? It's crazy and a failure of the patent office, the courts and government for not stamping out patent trolls licensing patents only for the sake of hurting companies who actually hire people, make products and contribute a value to society. The nonsense of protecting IP is for most cases a con's argument. I'm sure others will disagree.   Patently Apple Presents the Uniloc USA, Uniloc Luxembourg S.a. v. Apple Inc Court Filing - May 26, 2017 by Jack Purcher on Scribd The patent infringement case presented in today's report was filed in the Texas Eastern District Court. The Presiding Judge in this case is noted as being Judge Rodney Gilstrap. At present, no Judge has been assigned to the case.   The second patent infringement case against Apple covers Airplay using patent 6,580,422 (an HP patent), while the third case covers Auto Dialing using patent 7,092,671 (a 3Com patent).    Notice: Patently Apple presents only a brief summary of certain legal cases/ lawsuits which are part of the public record for journalistic news purposes. A lawyer should be consulted for any further details or analysis. About Making Comments on this Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on May 27, 2017 at 09:25 AM in 3. Patently Legal , 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Nokia 9 to give iPhone 8 a run for its money: What we know so far Nokia 9 is expected to boast of the best technology currently available in the market, giving iPhone 8 a run for its money. Raymond Ronamai   May 27, 2017 21:05 IST Nokia 9 codenamed 'Unknown Heart' reappears on Geekbench with Snapdragon 835 and 8GB RAM There is no doubt that Apple iPhone 8 is one of the most-awaited devices of this year. Apple fans look forward to it and gadget lovers can't ignore it, as it doesn't fail to fine takers in the market. However, it may face a stiff challenge from an unlikely competitor – the Nokia 9. All eyes are on HMD Global's flagship Nokia 9 as the brand has come to life again when it announced the Nokia 6 earlier this year and then the Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3310 after a lull. It is expected to be released either in July or August, perhaps along with the Nokia 7 and Nokia 8. Also read: Most-awaited devices in second half of 2017: Nokia 9, iPhone 8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 5 Going by the reports and leaks that we have seen so far, the Nokia 9 will be feature rich with the best currently available in the market. It is expected to sport a 5.5-inch QHD OLED display with a 1,440x2,560p screen resolution, powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor, and run an Android 7.1.2 Nougat operating system. The device is also expected to feature a 6GB RAM, a 64GB/128GB internal memory (with microSD card slot), a 22MP PDAF with Zeiss optics, a 12MP front-snapper, and a 3,800mAh battery with Quick Charge 4.0 support. It could be priced at $700 / €750. On the other hand, Apple is expected to release three variants of iPhone 8 – a regular iPhone 8 with 4.7-inch display, iPhone 8 Plus with 5.5-inch screen, and a premium version with 5.8-inch display – by the end of the third quarter of this year. All the variants are expected to have an OLED (organic light-emitting diode) screen, and powered by an A11 chipset. It is also expected to feature a wireless charger, virtual home button, 3D depth-sensing front camera, new fingerprint ID solution, and wireless charging feature. Reports have claimed that it could come with a price tag of $1000 though not confirmed. Looking at the expected pricing, the Nokia 9 and iPhone 8 belong to different categories but their specifications say a different story. Some of the features in the Nokia 9 are likely to be superior than Apple's upcoming flagship, so it is almost certain that it will give its rival a run for its money. Related Nokia 9 beats iPhone 7 Plus, Xiaomi Mi 6, Xperia XZ Premium, Huawei Mate 9 This Xiaomi smartphone will give Samsung Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 5, Nokia 9 a run for their money Nokia 9 prototype specs, images and camera samples leaked Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Here's how to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live 8 hours ago By Rohit KVN Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] 18 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Best 4G data tariff plans for June 2017 from major telecom operators Here are the best 4G data plans you can avail in May 2017 from Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL. Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. New OnePlus 5 teaser hints at smaller dimensions than 3T OnePlus team has posted a new teaser image depicting the dimensions of OnePlus 5 in comparison with OnePlus 3T. Photo Gallery Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs. Sanjay Dutt supports tree plantation Sanjay Dutt spotted during the event organised to support 1000 tree plantation at BMC garden. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Netwell LLC Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from Netwell LLC: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: Netwell LLC Announces New Flight Tracker App for iPhone and Android to Check Flight Status in Real Time Netwell LLC announces launch of its New Real time Flight Tracker App for Apple iPhone and Google Android based phones to check Real Time Airport status, Delays, Airline Info, Flight Status, Maps, Schedule, Flight Tracker Live, Real time Flight Map. Parippany, NJ, May 27, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Parsippany, New Jersey based Internet company Netwell LLC announces launch of its New Flight Tracker App for Apple iPhone and Google Android based phones. Using this real-time flight tracker app users can instantly check real time Flight status. This app is free and available to download from Google Play store and Apple app store. Users can also check Real Time Airport status, Delays, Airline Info, Flight Status, Maps, Schedule, Flight Tracker Live, Real time Flight Map using this app. Using this app Flights can be tracked in real time on map at mobile/smartphone device using site http://flighttracker.us App is available at Apple iTunes store free for download here: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/flighttrek/id1215569635 App can be installed from Google Play store at site https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=us.flighttracker.realtimeflightstatus Users can also track flights live online at http://www.flighttracker.us to track flights without installing this app. For more information, you can check our Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/flightTrackerInternational/ Contact Information Netwell LLC Jawahar Khurana 862-596-8735 Contact https://www.flighttracker.us Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Netwell LLC Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: What to Expect From Analog Devices’ Q2 Results Analog Devices' upcoming report will shed more light on its Apple relationship. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) May 27, 2017 at 9:54AM Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) supplier Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI) have done well this year despite rumors that Apple might drop its chips from the next iPhone. Last month, Rosenblatt Securities analyst Jun Zhang said in a research note (via Barron's) that the chipmaker could lose its Force Touch socket in Apple's upcoming iPhone due to cost cuts. Though others doubt this and Analog Devices investors are apparently not worried as the stock is currently trading close to its 52-week highs after logging 13% gains so far in 2017. What should investors expect when Analog Devices releases its second-quarter fiscal 2017 results on May 31? Image Source: Analog Devices  Revenue and earnings are set to rise Wall Street expects Analog Devices' revenue to rise 41% year-over-year to $1.1 billion, which is significantly higher than the $910 million midpoint of the company's own guidance given in mid-February. But Analog should meet analyst expectations thanks to the Linear Technology acquisition that was completed in March. The Linear Technology acquisition is expected to contribute between $160 million and $170 million in revenue during the second quarter. But the interesting thing to note is that Analog is on track to achieve strong double-digit organic revenue growth as its factory automation, automotive, and consumer businesses are gaining robust traction. What's more, the terrific year-over-year jump in Analog Devices' revenue is estimated by analysts to push its earnings to $0.84 per share as compared to $0.64 per share in the prior-year period. But investors will be more concerned with the company's outlook as it will provide concrete signs regarding its Apple relationship. Gauging the outlook Analog Devices reportedly gets 12% of its overall revenue from Apple by supplying the Force Touch solution for iPhones. So, a potential loss of content at its biggest customer would definitely hurt its top line. But not everyone is convinced Analog Devices will lose out. Fool contributor Ashraf Eassa, for instance, says Analog Devices should retain its spot in the next iPhone given that Apple is going all out to pack the next iPhone with cutting-edge features. And analysts expect Cupertino to charge a heavy premium for the next iPhone. For instance, UBS believes that pricing will start at $870 and could go all the way up to $1,070, thanks to features such as wireless charging and an edge-to-edge screen. This indicates Analog Devices shouldn't lose its spot due to cost concerns as Apple allegedly plans a high price and won't want to exclude a popular feature. A design win in a higher-priced iPhone that some expect to ship 130 million units in 2017 would be a big deal for Analog Devices. But Apple isn't the only catalyst that Analog Devices investors should be looking out for as the company's automotive and industrial businesses are growing at a fast clip. Industrial is Analog Devices' biggest end market, with 41% of total revenue, and it is getting better thanks to the growing demand for factory automation solutions. In fact, Analog's factory automation sales jumped 15% during the first quarter, and it is likely that the trend will continue as this market could grow at 6.6% a year until 2024, according to Transparency Market Research. Meanwhile, Analog Devices is attacking the self-driving car opportunity with its Drive360 autonomous driving product. The company is primarily focusing on radar solutions that are crucial to the operation of driverless cars, so it is not surprising to see its automotive revenue increased 10% year-over-year during the first quarter and now accounts for 14% of the total. Investors, shouldn't be surprised if Analog Devices' outlook turns out to be stronger-than-expected thanks to a possible Apple boost and secular growth in the automotive and industrial markets. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info May 27, 2017 at 9:54AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Analog Devices NASDAQ:ADI $80.91 down $-1.30 (-1.58%) Read More This Apple Inc. Supplier Might Have Caught a Break Bullish on Apple Inc? You'll Love These 3 Stocks Apple Inc. Chip Suppliers Ready for iPhone 7 Orders Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Likely to Feature Improved Second Generation 3D Touch Instant Analysis: Analog Devices Beats on Q3 EPS The 5 Best Dividend Stocks in Apple Suppliers Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current What to Expect From Analog Devices’ Q2 Results @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $ADI
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Netwell LLC Announces New Flight Tracker App for iPhone and Android to Check Flight Status in Real Time Netwell LLC Announces New Flight Tracker App for iPhone and Android to Check Flight Status in Real Time Netwell LLC announces launch of its New Real time Flight Tracker App for Apple iPhone and Google Android based phones to check Real Time Airport status, Delays, Airline Info, Flight Status, Maps, Schedule, Flight Tracker Live, Real time Flight Map. Parippany, NJ, May 27, 2017 –(PR.com)– Parsippany, New Jersey based Internet company Netwell LLC announces launch of its New Flight Tracker App for Apple iPhone and Google Android based phones. Using this real-time flight tracker app users can instantly check real time Flight status. This app is free and available to download from Google Play store and Apple app store. Users can also check Real Time Airport status, Delays, Airline Info, Flight Status, Maps, Schedule, Flight Tracker Live, Real time Flight Map using this app. Using this app Flights can be tracked in real time on map at mobile/smartphone device using site http://flighttracker.us App is available at Apple iTunes store free for download here: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/flighttrek/id1215569635 App can be installed from Google Play store at site https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=us.flighttracker.realtimeflightstatus Users can also track flights live online at http://www.flighttracker.us to track flights without installing this app. For more information, you can check our Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/flightTrackerInternational/ CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Radio Station Equipment Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Press Brakes Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Entertainment Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic Roku Founder Anthony Wood Roku Roku Roku’s CEO on Netflix, Amazon, Google, and the Future of TV Tom Huddleston, Jr. May 27, 2017 Roku has fared pretty well in a streaming device market where its rivals include tech giants like Amazon, Apple, and Google, to name a few. Despite facing off against those bigger competitors, Roku has been steadily winning the battle for your living room. The streaming hardware company cites Nielsen numbers showing that, as of December 2016, Roku accounted for 48% of the active streaming players in the U.S. (with Amazon, Apple, and Google all trailing behind). Roku currently boasts roughly 14 million active accounts—up 40% year-over-year—and the company says its users streamed 9 billion hours of content last year, a 70% increase from the previous year. The company also posted its highest annual revenue in 2016, reaching $400 million, and sales already topped $100 million in the first quarter of the current fiscal year. One thing that helps Roku stand out is the fact that, unlike many of its biggest rivals, the Los Gatos, Calif.-based tech company relies solely on deals with outside content producers. In other words, Roku doesn't make its own original programming, in contrast with Amazon, Google's YouTube, and others. That means it can stay neutral when it comes to carrying streaming apps and the content it markets to users. Related AppleBozoma Saint John Leaving Apple, Report Says Apple Bozoma Saint John Leaving Apple, Report Says As Roku's user base has climbed, the company's focus has shifted somewhat, from selling hardware to generating additional revenue by selling advertising to its many content partners. Advertising and content distribution comprised roughly 75% of Roku's gross profit in the most recent quarter, up from a little over 50% last year, says CEO Anthony Wood, a Silicon Valley veteran and a former vice president at Netflix. Roku also has the backing of a handful of major players in both media and tech, with nearly $210 million in reported funding so far from a list of investors that includes News Corp, Viacom, 21st Century Fox, and Netflix. (Wood disputed reports from February suggesting the company was working on a $200 million funding round, telling Fortune that Roku is "well capitalized" at the moment.) Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. Wood recently spoke with Fortune about competing with tech giants in the streaming hardware market, how user data and targeted ads are the "future of TV," and what the evolving landscape of streaming content means for companies like Roku. (The following conversation has been edited for clarity and length.) Fortune: You currently have the largest market share in the U.S. for streaming devices over companies like Amazon, Apple, and Google. How can you maintain that position and keep growing? Wood: If you look at the market share, it has been growing. We had our biggest market share ever in Q1—not just players, also televisions. 48% of active streaming players in the United States are Roku [according to Nielsen], and that number hasn’t changed in about a year. The other half is split between Amazon, Google, and Apple. Our market share is growing fast. It’s growing 40% to 45% active accounts year-over-year and that’s on a big installed base: 14 million active accounts. That comes from players and TVs. We released the Roku Express at the end of last year at $29 and it’s now our number one player. And, last year, one in eight TVs sold were powered by our OS [operating system]. This year, we expect it to be almost one in five TVs—almost 20% of the Smart TV market this year will be powered by our operating system. Roku Ultra— Courtesy of Roku  Roku has been described as "Switzerland" in the streaming devices market because it's content-neutral. How does that strategy help you stand out versus bigger rivals who produce and distribute their own original content? Having a strategy of carrying as much content possible and the most content definitely is a big part of our strategy and works well for us. And we can do it because we’re an independent company. We’re not vertically integrated like our competitors where they can’t carry each other’s content. So we have Amazon Instant Video and Google Play, for example. And, more importantly, we have built the only proprietary operating system for TV. We have the only purpose-built OS for TV and it’s got lots of advantages: it’s better for partners, it costs less to build TVs with our own OS, it’s a better consumer experience, and it has more content. So, I guess we shouldn't expect to see any Roku original programming anytime soon? [Laughs] You’d have to have a lot of scale, even more scale than Roku [with 14 million active accounts]. We have reasonably large scale and are growing quickly, but Netflix has 100 million accounts. So it makes sense for them to do original content. It doesn’t really make sense for us. You mentioned the success of the relatively new Roku Express. How important are those low-cost devices (including Google's Chromecast and Amazon's Fire TV Stick) to the market versus more expensive set-top boxes? What low-cost does is it brings more customers into streaming. That’s one of the things that we saw with the Roku Express is it was so inexpensive that people who hadn’t streamed before said, "Oh, well I’ll give that a go." And, then as they say, "I love this," then I think there’s a decent chance they will, at some point, upgrade to a more expensive product with more features. With that said, the vast majority of unit retail sales are sub-$50 price points. Most of the market is below $50. It’s one of the main reasons Apple is last in market share for streaming players. We have focused on great value for customers from the beginning as a way to gain market share. We introduced the first $100 streaming player. We introduced the first streaming stick, the first $29 player. We have a strategy of driving prices down to make the product more accessible to consumers. Because, for us, hardware is not a business, it’s a way to acquire active accounts. Our business is advertising and content distribution services. Roku Express— Courtesy of Roku  A big part of the advertising platform is tracking what users are watching to compile and analyze that data for targeted ads and content recommendations. It’s super important. The future of TV—both with content distribution and advertising—is based on data and machine learning. And it’s a huge competitive advantage to be good at that. I just want to clarify that the ACR [Automatic Content Recognition] program is opt-in for our customers. We don’t just force it on them, although it has a very high opt-in rate because we have some very cool features that they get access to that are powered by that data. One of those features is called "More Ways to Watch." If you opt in to the ACR data feed—let’s say you’re watching The Big Bang Theory on CBS—it will pop up with an overlay and say "Hey, you’re watching The Big Bang Theory, do you want to watch it from the beginning?" Because it’s available on CBS All Access and also you can watch all of the back episodes, so it gives them more ways to watch that TV show. There are lots of privacy issues around data that we have to be careful about, but it really delivers a much better end-user experience. When it comes to video content, does Roku root for companies like Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon to upend the entertainment industry because it means more people are streaming content and that's good for device-makers? Or, at this point, is most content streaming at some point anyway? The big picture is one of the big drivers of our growth is when more content comes to streaming. Like you said, there’s been an explosion of streaming content. There’s not much you can’t get, if anything, streaming. So, in that sense, we’re completely neutral. We don’t really care. We want to offer our customers choices. I think one of the biggest advantages of streaming, for customers, is that it’s created competition in the TV business, which used to be controlled by a few big distributors and that’s really changed. So, that has resulted in lots of choice for customers: the choice of more content, the choice of not having to watch ads if they don’t want to, they can pay extra or they can sign up for Netflix, or whatever. So that’s all good. I guess we’re not really in anyone’s particular camp. Our biggest focus is just bringing on as much content as we can and keeping our UI [user interface] simple. One of the challenges with a simple UI when there’s so much content is how do you make it easier for customers to find what they want to watch in that sea of content. What are some ways that Roku helps customers manage the deluge of content? We were the first company to offer universal search, so you can search for a program and find out how much it costs and where it’s available and we sort results by price. Another example is we came out with a feature called My Feed, which allows you to follow shows you’re interested in and you’ll get notifications when new episodes come out. What are your thoughts on the proliferation of live-TV streaming services? If they succeed in drawing more consumers away from traditional cable packages, isn't that a game-changer for online content and streaming devices? We’re super positive on those services, because they’re bringing more content to the platform, they bring more people to streaming. We have business deals with all of those services, they buy audience development products, so it’s driving a big increase in our business. But, the dynamics are interesting. They often have overlapping content, so there’s going to be a lot of competition between them. And, I think that will result in better value for the customers. Personally, I am not sure how popular repurposing a linear cable network will be in a streaming environment. Certainly, it's in the millions the number of customers who want it. But is it 100 million, like Netflix? I think that’s an interesting question: whether people have changed the way they want to watch content and what content they want to watch. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore Printer-friendly version The 120-foot glass facade blurs the barrier between inside and out, while 16 interior trees continue the city’s lush greenery throughout the space. Apple Orchard Road opened Saturday to thousands of customers who queued to explore Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. Braving the equatorial heat as early as Friday night, customers were greeted by Apple’s Angela Ahrendts and the store’s 237 employees when doors opened at 10 a.m. Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia opened to customers on Saturday, May 27. Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail, welcomes customers to Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. The Forum is home to “Today at Apple,” new in-store programming that includes 60 free, hands-on sessions. Twin curved Castagna stone staircases are the architectural highlight of Apple Orchard Road. A unique 25-foot canopy protects Apple Orchard Road from tropical sunlight and provides shelter from the rain. Copy this html code to your website/blog to embed this press release. <br />
<a href=”http://www.pressreleasepoint.com/apple-orchard-road-opens-singapore” class=”active”>Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore</a><br />
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsAngela Ahrendts, Apple, Apple Inc., Apple Store, Business Finance, Cupertino, Economy, Enterprise, Hospitality Recreation, NASDAQ, Orchard Road, Retail, Southeast Asia, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hujiang EdTech Launches Online Museum Project in Copenhagen to Promote Global Cultural Exchange Next PostNext United States Electrical Conductor Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum All Products 3D Printers Antivirus Baby Monitors Bluetooth Speakers Cameras (360 Degrees) Cameras (Action) Cameras (All) Cameras (Bridge) Cameras (Compact) Cameras (DSLR) Cameras (Home Security) Cameras (Mirrorless) Cameras (Phone) Cameras (Waterproof) Cloud Backup Services Computers (All-in-One) Drones Fitness Trackers Game Controllers (PC) Gaming Headsets Gaming Keyboards Gaming Mice Gaming Monitors Gaming PCs Gift Ideas Golf Tech GPS Watches Headphones ID Theft Protection iPhone Lenses iPhone Trade-In Deals Key Finders Keyboards (Ergonomic) Kid Trackers (GPS) Kitchen Tech Laptops Mini PCs Mobile Network Modems Online Fax Services Parental Control Apps Phone Carriers Phone Plans Photo Books Photo Calendars Photo Storage Sites Photo-Editing Software Portable Chargers Printers Robot Vacuums Routers Screen Mirroring Devices Smart Home Hubs Smart Home Tech Smart Locks Smart Scales Smart Thermostats Smartphones Smartwatches Soundbars Speakers (Outdoor) Streaming Players Streaming Services TV Antennas TVs TVs (4K/Ultra HD) Virtual Reality Headsets Wi-Fi-Extenders MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe iOS Face-Off Which iOS Assistant Is Best: Siri, Google Assistant or Cortana? by Philip Michaels May 29, 2017, 8:26 AM My iPhone is now packed with helpers. It started with Siri, the digital assistant baked into iOS, that was waiting for me the moment I fired up my iPhone SE for the first time. But now Google is moving in on Apple's turf by releasing an iOS version of Google Assistant, its own take on a helper powered by artificial intelligence. Illustration: Tom's GuideAnd Google Assistant isn't even first app angling to replace Siri as my go-to iPhone helper. Cortana, Microsoft's digital assistant, has been available for iOS devices for more than a year. Downton Abbey doesn't have this much help scurrying about. But which assistant should you turn to for help with everything from sending texts to getting answers for your burning questions? The correct choice seems obvious enough that you wouldn't even need a voice-powered assistant to help you figure it out. Siri is integrated into iOS, so you would think it has the edge over any Johnny-come-lately assistant vying for a space on your iPhone. MORE: 33 Hidden iOS 10 Features You Need to Try And you'd be right for the most part. Siri is extremely convenient, as it's just a Home button press or a "Hey Siri" command away. But Google Assistant for iOS has a few tricks up its virtual sleeve to make the competition closer than you would assume. Here's how Siri, Google Assistant and Cortana measure up as your go-to assistant on the iPhone. Ease of Use Let's start out with the category where it's no contest. Siri is, by far, the easiest to use since Apple integrates it into iOS, and you can summon the assistant from anywhere. Just make a long press on the Home button or say "Hey Siri" — provided you've enabled that feature in Settings — and Apple's built-in assistant springs to life. With Google Assistant and Cortana, you've got to launch those apps before you can ask either one for help. That's an extra step that seemingly negates the convenience of having an assistant on hand. Google Assistant at least throws in a few handy features to make using the app on an iPhone worth your while. When it answers your questions, Google Assistant will also offer up tappable actions that can dive deeper into what you want. (A question about an upcoming Oakland A's game might yield panels that can call up MLB news or the standings.) You can switch to a keyboard for those times you don't want to bark out a request to Google Assistant in public. And Google Assistant ties in rather nicely with other Google apps like Photos and Gmail if you have those on your iPhone. Cortana tries to take on more of a day planner role, with a panel of recommended articles pulled from Bing, the current weather conditions, and an email assistant that alerts you to urgent messages (if you tie-in an email account, that is). Another panel can also show you what traffic's like on your morning commute. As handy as it is to have this information in one place, it seemingly mirrors the Today screen on iOS 10, which I can reach simply by swiping right from my Home screen. Update: There is another way to access Google Assistant and Cortana, though it won't add voice-enabled controls and you'll still have to unlock your phone. You can add a widget for either assistant to the Today screen. Just scroll to the bottom of your Today screen, and tap the edit button: if Cortana or Google Assistant are installed on your phone you can add them to the list of Today screen widgets. Really, both widgets are just glorified shortcuts to accessing the app, but it's better than nothing. Winner: Siri. It's hard to beat an assistant that's immediately accessible when it comes to ease of use. Making Phone Calls Having to dig through your contacts to dial a phone number is drudgery. Better to have an assistant do the grunt work for you, and Siri is tops at this, thanks to its direct line into iOS 10. Tell Siri to call a contact, and the call gets placed immediately. (One complaint: If that contact has both a work and home number, Siri won't always stop to ask you which.) Both Cortana and Google Assistant will dig up phone numbers from your contacts, but you've got to hit the call button yourself to make the call. All three assistants are equally adept at looking up phone numbers such as the number of that nearby pizza place that offers takeout. Only Siri lets you then call with a voice command, though I like the fact that Google Assistant summons up additional information like directions to the place you've just looked up. Winner: Siri. Again, the iOS tie-in gives Apple's assistant the edge. Sending Messages Whether it's sending an email or text, Siri's dominance continues. I could dictate a text message to my wife without ever having to touch — or even unlock — my iPhone. Things get complicated if Siri mishears you and you need to edit the message, but at least Apple's assistant asks you if you're ready to send the text or email before it fires off an error-ridden missive. Google Assistant will happily take dictation on a text message, but you have to tap a button on the screen to send it. It will do the same for mail, provided you've got the Gmail app on your iPhone. I don't — instead I've tied my Gmail account into the built-in Mail app on iOS, but Google Assistant wouldn't take a message there, instead prompting me to download Gmail. Cortana's even less adept with messaging. Ask it to send a text or email, and it will pull up a blank message with the contact filled in, but you've got to do the actual typing. At least, Cortana doesn't require a specific mail client. When I told it to send an email to my wife, it pulled up a message with her contact info filled in — and from my Gmail account no less. (That is when Cortana was able to understand me: three times out of five, it misheard my wife's last name and left the contact info blank.) Winner: Siri. There's no better choice when it comes to hands-free communication. Looking Up Answers At some point during the day, you're going to come up with a burning question you're just dying to answer, but you don't want to endure the vagaries of a web search to find what you're looking for. So which of the assistants available on your iPhone does the best job at tracking down those answers? I asked four questions of each assistant: How many cups are in a pint? What's the longest river in Europe? What day is Christmas on this year? What's the weather like this weekend? Google Assistant was the only one to successfully answer all four questions, though it stumbled a bit when it came to Christmas. (When I phrased the question as "What day is Christmas this year?" Google Assistant told me the date for 2016; only when I rephrased it to "on this year" did Google Assistant produce the right answer. Siri got three of the four questions right, and even threw in a touch of personality on the Christmas question. ("I hope you get the day off," Siri added.) But asking Siri to name the longest river in Europe produced the dreaded "I found something on the web" response where Siri lists a series of search results. Cortana could tell me that the Volga River is the longest in Europe, but was flummoxed about Christmas, asking to see my calendar. Even when I granted permission, it couldn't find anything. Maybe Cortana's just not the celebratory type. Winner: Google Assistant. Google's knowledge graph means fewer virtual shrugs from its digital assistant. Asking Follow-Up Questions Sometimes you don't always get all the information you need with your first question. So how well do Siri, Google Assistant and Cortana deal with follow ups? I asked all three iOS assistants to tell me the score of the Giants game, and all three complied. Then I asked "Who are they playing next?" Siri and Google Assistant dutifully listed the next Giants game on the schedule; Cortana brought up a page of web results, most of which featured upcoming soccer matches. All three assistants also were able to rattle off the stars of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 when I asked. Only Google Assistant, though, successfully listed nearby theaters when I followed up with "Where is it playing?" Siri didn't understand the question; Cortana gave me another list of search results, led off by the definition for "playing." Winner: Google Assistant seems more adept at picking up on the context of your questions, even vaguely worded ones, than the other two assistants. Playing Music We're back in Siri's wheelhouse, at least when it comes to controlling music playback. You can use Siri to play songs, pause them or fast-forward to the next tune, all without ever opening the Music app. Siri can sometimes stumble on song titles — when I asked it to play "Desperado," it thought I wanted to download the 1995 Robert Rodriguez movie as opposed to listening to the Eagles standard. But for the most part, Siri's a great way to access whatever tracks you have stashed in your library. Asking for a song or album in Google Assistant would bring up links to either the Music app or YouTube. Tapping the Music App link would take me to Music, but nothing would play unless I searched for that track in the app. Why even bother with an assistant at that point? As for Cortana, it would either find videos — usually of someone showing you how to play that song on a guitar or keyboard — or links to purchasing that song on Grove or Amazon. Winner: Siri. The other two assistants have no ear for music. Getting Directions Your preference here is likely going to come down to which Maps app you prefer. Ask Siri for directions to a locale, and you'll be given turn-by-turn directions in iOS's Maps. (Funnily enough, asking Cortana for directions takes you to Maps, too.) Google Assistant, on the other hand, will send you to Google Maps, assuming you have that app installed on your phone. Google Assistant seems to do a better job at understanding the names and places of where you want to go. I asked Siri for directions to my daughter's elementary school, which is named after the artist Maya Lin; Siri thought I wanted to go to Myland Park Elementary School, plotting out the 2600-mile journey from my house to Morgantown, West Virginia. Using Google Assistant, I could also summon up alternative directions in Google Maps, like taking a different bridge to reach the San Francisco Airport instead of the Siri-mandated Bay Bridge route. MORE: iOS 10 Maps vs. Google Maps: Which Guides The Best? Winner: Google Assistant recognized my speech more accurately, and the Google Maps tie-in negates Siri's home-field advantage on the iPhone. Making Reservations Ask Siri to book you a table at your favorite and more often than not, you'll get an apologetic message that it can book a table right now. To Siri's credit, it will offer to help you call the restaurant to book the reservation yourself. To Siri's detriment, it has a hard time making sense of difficult restaurant names like the nearby German eatery Speisekammer (which Siri hears as "Spice a Comma). Cortana is even more inept at making dinner reservations, flat out refusing to book a table. If it understands the name of the restaurant, it will bring up an information page where you can place a call to reserve your own table. This is where Google Assistant really shines. I asked to book a table at Café Jolie, and it not only understood my horrible French accent, but walked me through the process of making a reservation using Open Table by asking me how many people were in the party and what time we wanted to eat. Winner: Google Assistant. This isn't even close. Reminders & Events Good news if you want your digital assistant to remind you of tasks, deadlines and to-dos. Siri, Google Assistant and Cortana are all equally up to the task. I told each one to remind me to turn in this story at 10 a.m. And at the appointed hour, reminders from all three assistants popped up on my iPhone's lock screen. (That I didn't file the story on time is something I'd like to blame on them but can't.) All three also do comparable jobs at setting up events on your calendar, though Siri was clever enough to know when I created an event for the first Saturday in June that I meant June 3. (This lack of a specific date flummoxed Cortana.) Google Assistant handled my calendar appointments, too, making them in Google Calendar rather than in the built in Calendar app, so your preference here is likely to come down to which calendar app you prefer. Winner: Siri, but only by the slightest of margins over Google Assistant. Other Actions Last fall's iOS 10 release opened up Siri to more third party apps, and Apple's assistant is the better for it. I can — and have — used Siri to book a ride on Lyft, and I could also ask it to send money to friends through an app like Venmo, start a chat on Skype or start a workout on Runtastic. Apple needs to broaden Siri integration to even more apps, but I suspect we'll hear more about that as soon as June's Worldwide Developer Conference. Google is promising more capabilities for Google Assistant, too, and the biggest coming feature is Google Lens integration. That will allow you to use image recognition capabilities to have the assistant summon up various commands, like buying tickets to a concert when you capture a picture of a concert poster. But that feature hasn't come to Google Assistant just yet. Winner: Siri, though it will be interesting to see how Google Lens-powered feature might change this assessment. Bottom Line As noted when we started, being built and maintained by Apple has its advantages when it comes to digital assistants. You can access Siri at any time on your iPhone as opposed to being forced to launch a specific app, and that's an edge that's difficult for either third-party assistant to overcome. Yet, Google Assistant is nearly up to the task, thanks in large part to its ability to both recognize what you're saying and to put that information in context. I particularly like the way Google Assistant can walk you through tasks like making a dinner reservation or creating a calendar event without throwing up its virtual hands and leaving you all on your own. Siri may be the best choice to act as your iPhone's virtual helper for most tasks, but Google Assistant outshines it in some areas. And hopefully, the arrival of Google Assistant on iOS will push Apple to make some improvements of its own. See Also : Best 'Hey Siri' Tricks for Your iPhone 10 Reasons the iPhone Beats Android Bixby Is Nothing Like Siri, and That's Good The Best iOS Apps You're Not Using (But Should Be) About the author Philip Michaels @PhilipMichaels Philip Michaels is a senior editor at Tom's Guide. He has strong opinions about Apple, the Oakland Athletics and old movies. Follow him at @PhilipMichaels. Read more iOS Google Smartphones iPhone Apple Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the iPhone forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish 2 comments Your comment Markd1555 8 days ago With Google Assistant you can just say "Ok Google" and it springs to life. You don't have to open an app to use it. The report is wrong. I know because I use it all the time 0 Sean_136 7 days ago Soon gave up reading this as the first three so-called 'facts' I read about Google Assistant were wrong. Has this fella even used an Android device?!! 0 2 comments Comment Firstname Submit Most Popular Best iOS Games 2017 33 Hidden iOS 10 Features You Need to Try Google Assistant Comes to iPhone, Adds More Powers The Latest On Tom’s Guide How-To 10 hr How to Get Alexa to Read You a Kindle Book Round-Up 11 hr The 20 Best Kodi Add-Ons Reference 13 hr Help Me, Tom’s Guide: How Do I Move Files to My Android... How-To 17 hr Tekken 7: 8 Essential Tips From a Pro How-To 1 day How to Link Your Calendar with Alexa How-To 1 day 12 Tips for Taking Beautiful Food Pictures Reference 1 day What Is Fixd, and Should You Buy It? Reference 1 day E3 2017 Preview: Xbox Scorpio, The Return of Mario and... Best Picks 2 days Best Phones of 2017 News 2 days Apple WWDC 2017 Preview: iOS 11, a Siri Speaker and Mor... Round-Up 2 days The 10 Best T-Mobile Phones, Ranked Top to Bottom Review 2 days HTC U11 Review: The Best Phone HTC Has Made in Years Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: A Guide to Investing in Disruptive Technology Investing in disruptive technologies can be both tricky and enriching. Here's a field guide to making money by keeping track of upcoming trends and strong innovation. Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) May 27, 2017 at 8:19AM You can get rich from investing in disruptive technology. But if it was easy, everybody would see the sea change coming and adjust accordingly, killing the disruptive new idea before it became a threat. So, how can you tell the best future innovations and unstoppable trends apart from the also-rans and the gadfly fads? I'll show you the ropes, and soon, you too will be investing in the second coming of Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), or Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) long before they become game-changing giants. Image source: Getty Images. Step 1: Find a market in dire need of new thinking For Amazon, that started with an aging, staid retail sector. Big-box stores and large malls were cluttering up the American shopping landscape in the early 1990s, just as the internet started showing its game-changing muscles. Surely there must be some way to lower the capital costs of running a retail business -- perhaps by tapping into that new global network thing? Netflix reportedly started with a ridiculous late fee on a video store rental, coupled with co-founder and CEO Reed Hasting's desire to become "the Amazon.com of something." Here was another bloated, inefficient consumer market that could use a radical makeover. Apple returned from the brink of financial disaster as Steve Jobs made his triumphant return to the company he built. Way back in 1997, Jobs wanted to rebuild Apple around the idea of making "some really great products," and he had already identified several "giant holes" in the market that needed filling. iPods and iTunes were launched within four years. In 2007, iPhones became Apple's real long-term cash cow. The mobile computing market had been developing in the wrong direction from day one, and Steve Jobs had better ideas. Step 2: Track down companies that address this technology gap The next Netflix might apply a centralized, low-cost technology platform to some other business sector, creating a disruptive empire in the process. The next Apple could have fresh devices in mind for something else we do every day, like shaving or breathing. Or the next Amazon may be brewing up a next-level distribution and ordering system for -- well, who knows? Maybe you do. These companies might be tiny upstarts run out of a garage, not yet ready for the public market. Or maybe it's an older company, digging into new market opportunities to stay relevant. If you can buy shares of it, you're ready for the third step. If not, put that disruption-ready business in your back pocket and keep looking for explorers in these uncharted waters. Keep in mind that today's giants were small and easily overlooked once upon a time. Some of our current small-cap tickers will take similar paths to gigantic market caps and shareholder returns. Don't write off any ticker just because the company is too small and unknown: Company Market Cap in July, 2002 Market Cap Today Change Apple $6.7 billion $799 billion 11,800% Amazon $5.8 billion $461 billion 7,900% Netflix $386 million $67.9 billion 17,500% Data source: YCharts. Step 3: Confirm that there's a real business model in play Ideas are a dime a dozen. The real value lies in building a workable business model around your revolutionary technology. This is where you should dig into quarterly earnings releases, management's conference calls, and SEC filings of every kind. Is the disruptive idea ready for prime time, producing an operating profit right now? Great, but you may have missed a significant part of the skyrocketing returns already. Is the company low on cash and burning more of it in order to give its big idea a proper launch? Better have a plan to raise more cash as needed without drowning in high-interest debt or robbing early shareholders via dilution-boosting batches of stock sales. Remember, Netflix is burning cash right now in order to create a top-notch library of original shows with lasting value. Amazon did the same in the 1990s, on its way to creating the e-commerce colossus you see today. Even Apple reported negative cash flows for long stretches in the 1990s, and again in the early 2000s as the transformative iPod/iTunes launch was taking shape. Spend money now, reap the rewards later. Just make sure the company can actually afford the planned level of heavy spending without causing irreparable damage to the balance sheet. Some investors may prefer lower levels of risk, writing off any ticker with negative earnings and/or cash flows. That's fine, but you can't reach extreme long-term returns without accepting some financial risk. This is a judgment call. If you've read this far, I assume you're fine with a bit of (well-researched, firmly understood) risk. Image source: Getty Images. Step 4: Invest, then keep close watch as disruption hits your chosen sector Keeping an eye on the disrupted market is very important. Sure, you could place your bets on the forward-thinking champion of new technology and upside-down operating procedures, and then leave the revolution alone for years or decades. But that's gambling, not investing. The idea here is to find a strong new challenger in an established field, and then take an active interest in the market rumblings. Things can go wrong along the way, and you should always be ready to take appropriate action when that happens. Sometimes, that means selling out and never going back. Remember when BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY) was so hot, its management shrugged off the rise of Apple's iPhones because strong data security and high-quality physical keyboards would surely win the day? Co-CEO Jim Balsillie publicly thanked Apple for bringing more attention to the smartphone market but didn't see Cupertino as a threat until it was too late. BlackBerry's own disruption of mobile communications was stopped in its tracks by do-it-all Apple and Android smartphones, user-friendly app stores, and powerful marketing. Other times, a fixable stumble might open up an attractive buying window where you can double down on your best disrupting technologies. When Netflix split its streaming service apart from the red DVD mailers in 2011, the Qwikster announcement was seen as an empire-ending mistake, and share prices plunged quickly. But Netflix CEO Reed Hastings was quick to roll back the Qwikster split while sticking to the separation of DVD and streaming subscriptions. When it became obvious to informed investors that Hastings had corrected his mistakes, I tripled my personal Netflix holdings. My older Netflix investment has grown 470% larger while the 2011 cohort rose 13 times higher. The blended return is 820% -- so far. Selling out would have been a grave mistake in this case. Sitting on my hands would not have been much better. So, you have to stay on your toes, ready to get out or dive deeper as the market conditions change. The deeper you understand the disrupted market, the better equipped you'll be to take full advantage of the fundamental changes. Anders Bylund owns shares of Amazon and Netflix. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Apple, and Netflix. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Anders Bylund is a Foolish Technology and Entertainment Specialist. Where the two markets intersect, you'll find his wheelhouse. He has been an official Fool since 2006 but a jester all his life. Hypoallergenic. Contains six flavors not found in nature. Believes in coyotes and time as an abstract. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. Follow Anders on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google+. Article Info May 27, 2017 at 8:19AM Consumer Goods Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $165.18 up $2.19 (1.34%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $1,006.73 up $10.78 (1.08%) BlackBerry NASDAQ:BBRY $11.29 down $0.10 (-0.88%) Read More These 3 Stocks Just Raised Their Dividends Stocks New Moms Will Love 3 Things to Watch in the Stock Market This Week Netflix Is Turning a Meme Into a Movie -- and That's the Power of Its Model Why Netflix May Have to Get into Live Sports... Eventually Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current A Guide to Investing in Disruptive Technology @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $NFLX, $AMZN, $BBRY
Tech Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic Best Companies Apple’s iPhone Market Share Slips as It Eyes $1 Trillion Valuation Don Reisinger May 27, 2017 As Apple heads into the long Memorial Day weekend, the company's past week has been dominated by some good, and some bad, news. Apple's market cap entered the spotlight this week after an analyst questioned whether the company could reach a $1 trillion valuation within the next year. It preceded, however, not such good news for Apple, which saw its worldwide smartphone market share slip in the first quarter due to increasing competition out of China. Even Apple (aapl) design chief Jony Ive got into the mix this week, with news that he's taken on another job. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter As with most weeks, the past several days were eventful for Apple (aapl). And although it got some good news out of India, there are still some things it'll need to address if it is to become the first company to ever reach a $1 trillion valuation. This is Fortune’s weekly roundup of the biggest Apple news this week. To see last week’s roundup, click here. Read on for this week's biggest Apple headlines: In a note to investors on Monday, RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani said that he believes Apple's market cap could reach $1 trillion within the next 12 to 18 months. He said that Apple has several "levers" that could help it get there, including its fast revenue growth, an expected boost in margins, and higher earnings. Apple's current market cap is hovering around $800 billion, and if it did reach $1 trillion, it would become the first company to reach those heights. Apple owned 13.7% of the smartphone market in the first quarter, putting it in second place behind Samsung's 20.7% share, according to new data from research firm Gartner. However, Apple's market share was down from 14.8% in the first quarter of 2016, due to competition from Chinese vendors offering high-end devices at more affordable prices. Huawei, one of Apple's chief Chinese competitors, grew its market share from 8.3% in 2016 to 9% last quarter. Apple design chief Jony Ive has a new gig. He was appointed chancellor at the Royal College of Art in London this week. In his new position, Ive will serve as the head of the college and join the school's Council governing body. It's an unpaid position and largely honorary, though he did say he would advise students and employees during his five-year term. The U.S. government was actively seeking Apple data last year, a new transparency report from the company revealed. During the second half of 2016, the U.S. government issued between 5,750 and 5,999 national security orders to Apple, up from a range of 2,750 to 2,999 in the first half of the year. Apple said that between 4,750 and 4,999 accounts were affected in the orders. The U.S. government bans companies from revealing the exact number of orders and account requests in transparency reports. Apple and Nokia ended their protracted patent spat this week. The companies signed a new patent license agreement, as well as a business deal, to end the dispute. Nokia will receive an upfront cash payment and additional revenue from Apple. The iPhone maker said that it plans to expand its "business relationship with Nokia" now that the deal has been signed. The Indian government this week said that it would allow Apple to import components for its iPhone production tax free. Apple had previously requested a series of tax breaks from India, most of which were denied. The move comes just days after Apple started producing some of its iPhone SE units in India. One more thing...Apple has begun charging for trial access to its Apple Music streaming service in Australia, Spain, and Switzerland. The trials were previously free, but the company is now charging the equivalent of 99 cents in those countries for three months of access. It's unclear if Apple will be ditching free trial programs elsewhere around the world. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Apple races to catch up with Amazon, Alphabet, plans dedicated chip to power artificial intelligence on devices Apple races to catch up with Amazon, Alphabet, plans dedicated chip to power artificial intelligence on devices Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. By: Bloomberg | Published: May 27, 2017 6:23 PM Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. (Reuters) Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved Performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. You May Also Like To Watch This: The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer Conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. J Jack Smith May 28, 2017 at 5:39 pm Apple has become the vapor ware company and it really saddens me. We hear that Apple will do a self driving car but then nothing. Apple will do a TV streaming service and we get nada! Apple will create their own cloud and even gets a code name of McQueen but nothing produced. Continue spending over 600m a year to use Google cloud and still has a large chunk running on AWS. Apple resorts to leaking something so they do not look so pathetic and we get nothing. I remember when Apple kept things secret and close to the vest and then when it was done and really something surprised us and completely blew us away and then I loved those words and you can buy it today! I have goose bumps right now. This is not my Apple any longer. Reply Don't Miss After NTPC's Rs 28,000 cr capex plan revealed, Centre waives buyback offer that could have netted it Rs 8,000 cr Good news: Under GST regime, your clothes bill unlikely to rise ISRO to launch India's heaviest satellite GSLV Mk III today; here's what Chinese media is saying Bandipora attack: Four terrorists killed as security forces foil suicide attack on CRPF camp at Sumbal in Jammu and Kashmir Yogi Adityanath government to install statues of OBC, upper caste icons in Mayawati parks in UP IT industry layoffs: For employees, here's what is the need of the hour Uttar Pradesh: 22 dead, several injured after bus collides with truck on Bareilly national highway Reliance Jio aggravated Reliance Communications trouble, but government did everyone in; here's how Talent development: Now possible to envision human and digital tech in a new equation of 1+1=11 Hyperx Cloud Revolver S priced at Rs 12,999 is ideal for serious gamers; here's why Business Gallery India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh power India to a strong total; check pics London terror attack: 7 people killed at London Bridge and Borough Street; cops gun down 3 terrorists Narendra Modi France visit: From terrorism to climate change, here is what’s on PM’s agenda Narendra Modi in Russia: PM invites Russian companies to invest in India, top 5 quotes Narendra Modi Russia visit: PM meets Vladimir Putin, pays homage at the Piskarovskoye Cemetery; check out photos Technology Gallery China’s solar powered unmanned plane Caihong can stay in air for months; here’s how it looks like Gigantic Stratolaunch makes first rollout to conduct aircraft fueling tests; 7 things to know SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ सरकार का फैसला- मायावती के बनाए दलित पार्कों में ओबीसी और अगड़ी जातियों की विभूतियां भी होंगी विराजमान कश्मीर: सीआरपीएफ कैंप पर हमला, जवाबी कार्रवाई में चार आतंकवादी मारे गए सिपाही ने किया पीसीआर को फोन- अरविंद केजरीवाल की हत्या कर दूंगा, दिल्ली सीएम के घर पर सुरक्षा बढ़ी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple's advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a 'Neural Engine' Chip now Emerges | Main | Two Older Apple Office Buildings in Cupertino were Temporarily Evacuated due to a Gas Leak » May 27, 2017 Apple Opened their First Singapore Store Today with 237 Staff and Angela Ahrendts Greeting Happy Customers   On Monday we reported that the new Apple Store in Singapore would open on May 27 and on schedule it opened to the public with great fan fare and Apple's classic opening day greeting as noted in our cover graphic. The store is the first of its kind in Singapore, running entirely on solar energy. See our cover graphic in full size by clicking on the image.   The new Apple store called the 'Apple Orchard Road' has a 120-foot glass façade that blurs the line between inside and out, while 16 interior trees continue the city's lush greenery throughout the space.   The Apple Orchard Road store opened this morning at 10 a.m. to thousands of customers who queued to explore Apple's first store in Southeast Asia. Braving the equatorial heat as early as Friday night, customers were greeted by Apple's Angela Ahrendts and the store's 237 employees when doors opened.   The new store is two stories with the second floor used for 'Today at Apple' events and classes. The store is graced with twin curved castagna stone staircases which adds a new flare to the Singapore store as noted below.   The Singapore Straits Times has a walk-through video highlighted today. While it's available, check it out here. A month ago Apple opened the doors to their new Dubai store.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 27, 2017 at 05:44 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones iPhone tips and tricks: Simple way to turn on or off read receipts on iMessage Here's how to change your iMessage read receipt settings on your iPhone. Sami Khan   May 27, 2017 17:13 IST Apple iMessage.Apple iTunes store Apple iPhone users have the exclusive privilege of iMessage and Facetime, which helps them stay connected with their other iPhone user friends. Look at it as the benefits of a private club. While Facetime is used for video calling, iMessage works as an instant messenger for iPhone users. Just like WhatsApp, iMessage has a feature that lets you see if the recipient has received and read a message. It is a helpful feature, but some users would rather have that feature disabled not to dampen the sender's mood if unable to reply. You can turn the read receipts on or off in iMessage, but if you are unable to find the setting here's a step-by-step guide to help you out. Step 1: Go to "Settings" on your iPhone. Step 2: Select Messages from the list of options. iMessage settingApple Step 3: Go to the fourth option in the list for "Send Read Receipts" and turn the toggle button to on or off. iMessage settingApple If the read receipt setting is turned off, the toggle button will be white, and green if the setting is on. iMessageApple But what if you wish to have the read receipt notification turned on or off for one particular contact? Apple has you covered. iMessage settingApple To do so, launch Messages from the home-screen. Select the iMessage conversation you want to change the setting for, and then tap on "i" in the top right hand corner. Scroll down to "Send Read Receipts" and toggle the switch to on or off. Related Apple iPhone 8 may include a feature that Samsung Galaxy S8 failed to incorporate Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' Apple iPhone 8, 7s series release date details revealed Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Here's how to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live 8 hours ago By Rohit KVN Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] 18 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Best 4G data tariff plans for June 2017 from major telecom operators Here are the best 4G data plans you can avail in May 2017 from Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL. Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. New OnePlus 5 teaser hints at smaller dimensions than 3T OnePlus team has posted a new teaser image depicting the dimensions of OnePlus 5 in comparison with OnePlus 3T. Photo Gallery Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs. Sanjay Dutt supports tree plantation Sanjay Dutt spotted during the event organised to support 1000 tree plantation at BMC garden. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad iPhone iPad iOS OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses iPhone iPad iOS Home iOS The Macalope By The Macalope, Macworld | May 27, 2017 4:00 AM PT Opinion Killer unicorns: Every device an iPhone-killer Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this Essentially losing it: Unbridled enthusiasm for an upcoming phone iPhone 8 rumors: Delayed production schedule could result in blockbuster... Flophone: Analyzing the iPhone 8 Video WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions When it comes to wishing for magical, iPhone-killing devices, dope springs eternal because every new device is surely the one, no matter how little you know about it. Writing for TheStreet, Amanda Shiavo adopts her spookiest voice and says “Beware Apple, Android's Founder Andy Rubin Is About to Reveal 'Something Big’.” (Tip o’ the antlers to @JonyIveParody.) Android founder Andy Rubin's new company, Essential, tweeted today that "something big" is coming on May 30 and the announcement is likely to be a new smartphone. We’re not really sure what it is but the thing we know for sure is that Apple is probably going out of business on May 31st. Keep an eye out on this one, Apple. Helpful advice. Apple might have missed it. The often don’t pay attention to what’s going on in the industry so… good tip. TheStreet isn’t the only outfit that is very helpfully warning Apple about this iPhone-killing Rubicorn. Boy Genius Report’s Chris Smith goes even further: “Andy Rubin’s mysterious new Android phone will do something your iPhone can’t.” We don’t know many things about the Essential phone right now… But it’s gonna be so awesome and Apple-affecting, y’all. …other than it’s supposed to have an edge-to-edge screen and offer a feature unseen on the iPhone so far. WOW! You know what other smartphone had features that weren’t on the iPhone? THE HITLERPHONE IS NOT A THING, GARY, STOP SAYING THAT. The Amazon Fire Phone. Anyone know how that turned out? Probably super well. Not worth checking. …Essential tweeted an image that shows a phone complete with a strange accessory on top. Thus causing a giant sinkhole to open up at One Infinite Loop and swallow Apple whole, The End. Seriously, a strange accessory? Is there any point in even having WWDC? If you Zapruder the heck out of the image you’ll see that what appears to be on the top of the device might (possibly) be (who knows?) “a 360-degree camera accessory for VR and AR” (or not). Because clearly the problem with the current state of VR and AR isn’t that the quality of what’s been produced so far is so bad, it’s that there isn’t a crapton more really lousy stuff out there. You might want to keep a bucket next to you when you check out community-produced VR and AR. That’s all we know about the Essential iPhone killer at this point… It seems like it’s a phone. And it has a thing on top. And it will kill the iPhone. That’s all we know. But, really, we didn’t need to know anything about it at all to know the third thing. That was a given. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: iOS Macalope Apple iOS 10 iPhone 7 iPhone SE Android Nougat You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore PHOTOS May 27, 2017 The 120-foot glass facade blurs the barrier between inside and out, while 16 interior trees continue the city’s lush greenery throughout the space. Apple Orchard Road opened Saturday to thousands of customers who queued to explore Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. Braving the equatorial heat as early as Friday night, customers were greeted by Apple’s Angela Ahrendts and the store’s 237 employees when doors opened at 10 a.m. Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia opened to customers on Saturday, May 27. Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail, welcomes customers to Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. The Forum is home to “Today at Apple,” new in-store programming that includes 60 free, hands-on sessions. Twin curved Castagna stone staircases are the architectural highlight of Apple Orchard Road. A unique 25-foot canopy protects Apple Orchard Road from tropical sunlight and provides shelter from the rain. Apple Stores around the world welcome over 1 million customers a day. Photos of Apple Orchard Road CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Skupina Sirius kupuje společnost International Medical Group Next PostNext Robotic Process Automation Market Trends, Challenges and Growth Drivers Analysis 2022 Search Recent Posts Westinghouse et Boilermakers concluent un nouveau contrat Poor farmer’s Fungal Skin Condition gets approval from WHO as ‘neglected’ after lobbying by GAFFI 世界首创基于基因组的共享型经济平台‘MGB(mygenomebox),’ 利用DNA App在CES Asia 2017运营全新生活体验区 Global Magnetic Linear Encoder Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global And China Calcitriol (CAS 32222-06-3) Industry 2017 Market Research Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 05 Jun 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 05 Jun 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Technology   iPhone 8 will have 'Touch ID integrated into display' Share Tweet iPhone 8 will have 'Touch ID integrated into display' Apple has been trying to integr­ate finger­print sensor­s direct­ly into screen­s since June 2015 By Tech Desk Published: May 27, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email If the reports are true, it would come as a relief for Apple fans anxiously waiting for the tenth edition iPhone. PHOTO: Apple It seems that Apple has achieved what Samsung couldn’t. According to a new report, Apple has finally been able to integrate Touch ID fingerprint sensor directly into the display of its much awaited upcoming iPhone 8. Quoting sources from Apple’s supplier Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), Chinese-language Economic Daily News claimed the company had apparently confirmed Apple’s achievement during a technology convention held in Taipei on Thursday. Here’s when iPhone 8 is expected to be released During the TSMC 2017 NA Technology Symposium, the Taiwanese company discussed how Cupertino-based tech giant has been able to forgo the physical home button on its upcoming by using “an optical fingerprint sensor to enable authentication directly on the screen”. If the reports are true, it would come as a relief for Apple fans anxiously waiting for the tenth edition iPhone especially after reports that Apple has been struggling to find a viable solution to integrate the Touch ID sensor into display that overcomes the production challenges involved. The company has reportedly been trying to find ways to integrate fingerprint sensors directly into screens since June 2015. Is this what the iPhone 8 may look like? Further, the sources claimed that the new iPhones would also be equipped with “invisible infrared image sensors to enhance the functionality of the high-pixel camera” and to enable augmented reality functions. Apple is widely expected to release the iconic iPhone 8 to mark the tech giant’s 10th year anniversary this year along with the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus, two phones that follow the tech giant’s traditional update cycle.   This article originally appeared on MacRumors. Read more: Apple , iPhone , iPhone 8 Read full story Recommended Stories Apple has a dedicated website to convince Android users to switch to iPhone A few years ago, Apple launched a similar campaign to persuade Windows PC users to "Get a Mac" Apple begins assembling iPhone SE in India The low-priced smartphone will be available to customers this month iPhone 8 might cost you as much as a MacBook The 10th anniversary edition is expected to feature new hardware and a revamped design Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Singer Ali Haider lashes out at Waqar Zaka for exploiting Aamir Zaki's demise 2 India thrash Pakistan in Champions Trophy clash 3 Five talking points from Pakistan’s humiliation against India 4 Mardan Lynching: JIT says Mashal’s murder was premeditated 5 Woman kills husband for assaulting daughter-in-law 6 London terror attack death toll rises to seven 7 My last conversation with Aamir Zaki 8 Sponsored: The secret behind Fahad Mustafa’s unbeatable confidence and success 9 The story behind Aamir Zaki's 'Mera Pyar' in his own words 10 Transwoman arrested in Karachi for blackmail and murder Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (June 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) More in TechnologyBMW unveils its latest concept motorcycle © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRSFrench OpenChampions Trophy Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Apple Reportedly Building AI Chip for iPhone Botswana, BEL Deny Hackathon on Indian EVMs This is What Could End Cracked Smartphone, Tablet Displays Apple Set to Expand Siri, Taking Different Route From Amazon's Alexa News18 » Tech 1-min read Apple Reportedly Building AI Chip for iPhone IANS Updated: May 27, 2017, 2:49 PM IST Apple is experimenting with wireless charging technologies. (Image: Reuters) US tech giant Apple is reportedly developing a dedicated artificial intelligence (AI) chip, called the Apple Neural Engine, that would power AI-related tasks on mobile devices. "The chip would be used to offload tasks that require sophisticated algorithms related to facial and speech recognition and augmented reality tasks that rely heavily on computer vision," technology website theverge.com reported on Saturday. The chip is also said to improve battery life and the overall performance of Apple devices. Watch video review of Xiaomi Redmi 4 With the new chip, Apple seeks to separate the computationally intensive tasks from the iPhone's processor and graphics chip. The company is experimenting with wireless charging technologies that could see users charge their iPhones with a Wi-Fi router. "Apple's patent application for ‘Wireless Charging and Communications Systems With Dual-Frequency Patch Antennas' is a method for transferring power to electronic devices over frequencies normally dedicated to data communications," appleinsider.com reported earlier. The patch antennas may be used for wireless power transfer at microwave frequencies or other frequencies and may be used to support millimetre wave communications. AI Chip Apple iPhone First Published: May 27, 2017, 2:49 PM IST Read full article Next Story Live TV Recommended For You Champions Trophy: IND vs PAK - Star of the Match - Virat Kohli Priyanka Enjoys a Perfect Afternoon with Kendall Jenner, Nicole Kidman Top 5 Android Smartphones With 6GB RAM by Samsung And Others MOM: Sridevi-Starrer Leaves Us With Many Questions with Its Twisted Plot Ola and Sehwag Join Hands to Tackle Traffic Congestion with #FarakPadtaHai About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Champions Trophy: IND vs PAK - Star of the Match - Virat Kohli New Disposable Wearable Patch Helps Detect Sleep Apnoea Botswana, BEL Deny Hackathon on Indian EVMs Real Madrid Fans Demand Fifth Ballon d' Or for Hero Ronaldo This is What Could End Cracked Smartphone, Tablet Displays Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories BlackBerry KEYone Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum 2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS BlackBerry KEYone Philips Hue Smart Lighting System insta360 nano 360 camera for iPhone 2017 Cadillac CT6 Luxury UAG Rugged Case for Surface Book Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS « Apple's WWDC keynote will be streamed live on June 5 | Main | Spidey gets techie in new ‘Spider-Man: Homecoming’ trailers » Friday May262017 Apple bolsters News app initiative by hiring New York magazine's Laura Kern as 'Editor in Chief' Friday, May 26, 2017 at 9:05AM Apple is apparently setting out to do for news what it has done for radio in Beats 1. The company reportedly hired New York magazine editor Laura Kern to serve as Editor-in-Chief for Apple News. Kern has worked at the popular magazine as well as for the New York Times, and while there's no official announcement from either party or any detailed job description, Kern could be called in to add a critical eye to the curation of the news and editorial direction of the News app. In the wake of 'Fake News,' proliferating social media, most notoriously on Facebook, many technology companies are taking a more proactive approach to the news and features that run through their services. The Apple News app is pre installed on iPhone and iPads, it is an aggregator of news and features but an editorial team led by an editor of Kern's calibre could ensure snafus and fake news items are minimized and thus creating a better reputation for Apple News as a go-to source of trustworthy information. Source: AppleInsider Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Apple, Laura Kern, News Email Article in Apple, Apple Beat, Apps & Launches, Arts and Culture, Breaking news Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories BlackBerry KEYone Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum 2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS BlackBerry KEYone Philips Hue Smart Lighting System insta360 nano 360 camera for iPhone 2017 Cadillac CT6 Luxury UAG Rugged Case for Surface Book Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS « Mixer is Microsoft's answer to Twitch and YouTube gaming | Main | Apple bolsters News app initiative by hiring New York magazine's Laura Kern as 'Editor in Chief' » Friday May262017 Apple's WWDC keynote will be streamed live on June 5 Friday, May 26, 2017 at 10:21AM The 2017 Apple World Wide Developer's Conference, which takes place on June 5 will be streamed live according to Apple's new Events Page. Apple is bringing the conference back to San Jose and is expected to unveil the latest software for iOS, macOS, WatchOS and various other ecosystems as well as the company's various services. Apple is expected to preview or even announce some new hardware, possibly updates to the popular MacBook Air line. The event will be streamed in the Apple website and through the Apple TV. Canadian Reviewer will be live at the keynote and will report back with the latest from Apple. Stay tuned. Source: Apple Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged 2017, Apple Beat, Keynote, WWDC Email Article in Apple, Apple Beat, Apps & Launches Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy London Bridge attack: UK man who fled with pint of beer an unlikely inspiration on Twitter London bridge terror attack claimed by Islamic State: A look at jihadist-linked attacks in Europe since 2015 Remembering Tiananmen Square: 28 years later, thousands gather in Hong Kong London terror attacks: Gurudwaras open doors to stranded locals, tourists; offer food and shelter Champions League: Real Madrid's 12th title, Cristiano Ronaldo's 600th career goal and more defining stats more from #Apple WWDC 2017: Here's what Apple has in store for this year's event WWDC 2017: Here is what to expect at Apple's annual developer conference Will technology portfolios still lead the US stocks? Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple may be working on a dedicated AI chip for the upcoming iPhone By IANS /  27 May 2017 , 14:59 #Apple Getty Images US tech giant Apple is reportedly developing a dedicated artificial intelligence (AI) chip, called the Apple Neural Engine, that would power AI-related tasks on mobile devices. “The chip would be used to offload tasks that require sophisticated algorithms related to facial and speech recognition and augmented reality tasks that rely heavily on computer vision,” technology website theverge.com reported on Saturday. The chip is also said to improve battery life and the overall performance of Apple devices. With the new chip, Apple seeks to separate the computationally intensive tasks from the iPhone’s processor and graphics chip. The company is experimenting with wireless charging technologies that could see users charge their iPhones with a Wi-Fi router. “Apple’s patent application for ‘Wireless Charging and Communications Systems With Dual-Frequency Patch Antennas’ is a method for transferring power to electronic devices over frequencies normally dedicated to data communications,” appleinsider.com reported earlier. The patch antennas may be used for wireless power transfer at microwave frequencies or other frequencies and may be used to support millimetre wave communications. Publish date: May 27, 2017 2:59 pm| Modified date: May 27, 2017 2:59 pm Tags: Apple, Apple iPhone, Apple Neural Engine, Apple WWDC 2017, Dedicated chip, iOS, iPhone, Wi-fi Also read Qualcomm files an appeal in US court; demands that Apple pay for phone patents Apple opens its first official store in South East Asia X Recommended For You WWDC 2017: Here’s what Apple has in store for this year’s event WWDC 2017: Here is what to expect at Apple’s annual developer conference Will technology portfolios still lead the US stocks? WWDC 2017: Apple to announce better Siri integration with apps, will take a different route from Amazon’s Alexa Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Extremism Jun 5, 2017 Here is how governments are fighting the spread of extremism on the internet #EVM Jun 5, 2017 CPI-M calls for discussion on the design choices of EVMs with EC and parties #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #hackathon Jun 5, 2017 BEL and Botswana deny holding any hackathon to test EVM machines #Virtual Reality Jun 5, 2017 Virtual reality capable of soothing pain #Smartphone Jun 5, 2017 Researchers create a new “Miracle Material” with unbreakable properties SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio How-To Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Apple opens first official store in Southeast Asia PTI   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Reuters The Apple logo is shown next to a heart and a red dot on the facade of Singapore's first Apple store in this May 5, 2017 photo. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. Singapore, May 27:   Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop — easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five- -ear—old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he said. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. (This article was published on May 27, 2017) Related TOPICS World | Singapore | economy, business and finance | company information | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO ACT Fibernet CEO Bala Malladi on ACT's initiatives more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Cognizant layoff plea closed in favour of sacked staff: Govt TCS’ H-1B visa applications now a third of 2015 levels Bailout package: Telecom operators to meet inter-ministerial panel this week Nasscom summit: Digital is more ‘an opportunity than a threat’ NIIT launches products to meet digital skill demand ‘Finnish companies looking for new opportunities in India’ Chatter over layoffs in IT industry highly exaggerated: TCS President Happiest Minds buys Texas-based OSSCube Wipro receives second threat mail; beefs up security LATEST NEWS Dollar dented by jobs miss, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued 12 min. ago Dominant India crush Pakistan by 124 runs Maharashtra farmers split over withdrawing strike Private sector participation in defence faces many hurdles Mandhana to take Being Human brand to tier 2 & 3 markets More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech NIIT launches products to meet digital skill demand NIIT perceived “the tsunami of requirement for digital skills —for both freshers and re-skilling existing professionals — as early as 201... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Tech News Apple opens its first SE Asia store in Singapore Apple opens its first SE Asia store in Singapore Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the city's upmarket shopping district. By: AFP | Singapore | Updated: May 28, 2017 9:21 am Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened. (Source: Reuters) Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop –easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. (Source: Reuters) Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. More Related News Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Apple No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Cricket goes on in terror attack’s shadow, but some fear fallout SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Oil price rises on tightening supplies, Middle East tensions J-K forest fire: Massive fire ravages 50 hectares of Thanpal forest area in Nowshera US, Australian officials warn of returning foreign fighters Pirates Of The Caribbean actor Kaya Scodelario refuses to pay sick granny’s bills Maharashtra: Earthquake hits Koyna region                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy London Bridge attack: UK man who fled with pint of beer an unlikely inspiration on Twitter London bridge terror attack claimed by Islamic State: A look at jihadist-linked attacks in Europe since 2015 Remembering Tiananmen Square: 28 years later, thousands gather in Hong Kong London terror attacks: Gurudwaras open doors to stranded locals, tourists; offer food and shelter Champions League: Real Madrid's 12th title, Cristiano Ronaldo's 600th career goal and more defining stats more from #Apple WWDC 2017: Here's what Apple has in store for this year's event WWDC 2017: Here is what to expect at Apple's annual developer conference Will technology portfolios still lead the US stocks? Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple opens its first official store in South East Asia   27 May 2017 , 12:27 #Apple Image Credit: REUTERS Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop – easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade – is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Publish date: May 27, 2017 12:27 pm| Modified date: May 27, 2017 12:27 pm Tags: Apple, Apple Store, Asia, iPhone, MacBook, Orchard Road, Singapore, Xiang Jiaxin X Recommended For You WWDC 2017: Here’s what Apple has in store for this year’s event WWDC 2017: Here is what to expect at Apple’s annual developer conference Will technology portfolios still lead the US stocks? WWDC 2017: Apple to announce better Siri integration with apps, will take a different route from Amazon’s Alexa Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Extremism Jun 5, 2017 Here is how governments are fighting the spread of extremism on the internet #EVM Jun 5, 2017 CPI-M calls for discussion on the design choices of EVMs with EC and parties #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #hackathon Jun 5, 2017 BEL and Botswana deny holding any hackathon to test EVM machines #Virtual Reality Jun 5, 2017 Virtual reality capable of soothing pain #Smartphone Jun 5, 2017 Researchers create a new “Miracle Material” with unbreakable properties SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Tech News Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. By: Bloomberg | Published:May 27, 2017 1:02 pm Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved Performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer Conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. More Related News Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Apple J Jack Smith May 27, 2017 at 3:39 pm 2015 for Google TensorFlow Processors (TPUs) and NOT 2016. Even today the first generation TPUs beat anything commercially available. But Google now has generation 2 which is just miles ahead of anything else. A TPU pod is able to generate 11.5 peta flops of fp16. No that is NOT a typo. But the key is Google is doing it on a small fraction of the power of any compe or. So Google inference per joule is a tiny fraction of someone like Nvidia. Smart move on Apple to try to copy Google and create something similar. Google shared the details of their generation 1 in a paper that Apple could then just use to build theirs. Reply Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Cricket goes on in terror attack’s shadow, but some fear fallout SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Oil price rises on tightening supplies, Middle East tensions J-K forest fire: Massive fire ravages 50 hectares of Thanpal forest area in Nowshera US, Australian officials warn of returning foreign fighters Pirates Of The Caribbean actor Kaya Scodelario refuses to pay sick granny’s bills Maharashtra: Earthquake hits Koyna region                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Technology Sri Lanka: 91 killed in floods, India dispatches relief to island nation Sniffing huge win, Imran Khan's PTI to start 2018 poll campaign post Ramzan Business Standard Apple Inc opens its first official store in Singapore The store is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world AFP/PTI  |  Singapore  May 27, 2017 Last Updated at 12:49 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVod1M Photo: Reuters ALSO READ Apple market cap could reach $900 bn as it launches $1,000 iPhone this year Apple to start India manufacturing in coming months with iPhone SE: Report Apple to unveil new iPad Pro, iPhone SE model, Apple Watch this month Apple shares up before expected launch of iPad Pro lineup, iPhone SE iPhone SE to be assembled in India Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop -- easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade -- is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five- year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Read More On Apple Inc | Se Asia | Singapore | Iphone | Macbook | International | Technology PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Apple Inc opens its first official store in Singapore The store is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world The store is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop -- easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade -- is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five- year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. AFP/PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple Inc opens its first official store in Singapore The store is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop -- easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade -- is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five- year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. AFP/PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Apple iPhone 8 may include a feature that Samsung Galaxy S8 failed to incorporate Apple has finally found a solution to integrate the fingerprint sensor right into the iPhone 8's OLED screen. Kukil Bora   May 27, 2017 12:50 IST Recently leaked iPhone 8 renders also hinted at an on-screen fingerprint sensor. It will definitely be an epic battle between Samsung and Apple for the top spot in the smartphone market, after the later releases its next-generation iPhone 8 towards the end of this year. Although it's too early to gauge the winner of this ultimate showdown, the placement of a particular feature on the new iPhone could give it a competitive edge over the Samsung Galaxy S8 as it failed to execute the same. Yes, we are talking about the fingerprint sensor, which is now rumoured to be integrated into the display of the upcoming iPhone 8. According to a new report, Apple has finally found a solution to use a new optical fingerprint recognition technology, which will allow users to get their fingerprint scanned directly through the new iPhone's OLED screen. In addition to the display-mounted Touch ID, the screen ratio on the iPhone 8 is also said to change from 16:9 on iPhone 7 to 18.5:9. The new flagship handset will also apparently have "invisible" Infrared sensors to unlock enhanced camera and augmented reality features, Economic Daily News reported, citing sources from Apple supplier Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC). If the report turns out to be true, the iPhone 8 will come without a physical home button like the recently launched Samsung Galaxy S8. However, the fingerprint sensor to enable authentication directly on the screen will surely be counted as an added advantage for the iPhone 8 over the Galaxy S8. Samsung Many reviewers of the Galaxy S8 were disappointed with the placement of the fingerprint scanner, with some even saying that it was a big design flaw by Samsung. According to reports, the Galaxy S8's front bezels are so thin that Samsung had to shift the fingerprint sensor to the back. The Cupertino-based tech giant was also reportedly struggling with the production of its in-house fingerprint sensor, leading many to speculate that the company would have to either remove Touch ID entirely from the iPhone 8 or place it on the back of the device like the Galaxy S8 does. There were also reports of Apple delaying production of the iPhone 8. Therefore, a successful integration of the on-screen fingerprint recognition solution will bring relief to Apple fans waiting eagerly for the company's tenth anniversary edition iPhone. Rumours are rife that the iPhone 8 will sport a redesigned steel and glass chassis and an edge-to-edge OLED display. The phone is also likely to carry a "premium" price, compared to the existing models. Related Apple iPhone 8, 7s series release date details revealed IPhone 8 hands-on video leaked: No home button, dual rear camera, bezel-less screen & more Most-awaited devices in the second half of 2017: Nokia 9, iPhone 8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 5 Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Here's how to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live 8 hours ago By Rohit KVN Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] 18 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Best 4G data tariff plans for June 2017 from major telecom operators Here are the best 4G data plans you can avail in May 2017 from Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL. Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. New OnePlus 5 teaser hints at smaller dimensions than 3T OnePlus team has posted a new teaser image depicting the dimensions of OnePlus 5 in comparison with OnePlus 3T. Photo Gallery Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs. Sanjay Dutt supports tree plantation Sanjay Dutt spotted during the event organised to support 1000 tree plantation at BMC garden. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Apple to have its own AI chip for next-gen devices Apple to have its own AI chip for next-gen devices By: Shilpa Published: Saturday, May 27, 2017, 12:30 [IST] As per a report by Bloomberg Technology, Apple is said to be working on its own Artificial Intelligence (AI) chip for its future phones and iPads. This new chip which is being currently developed by the company is internally called as Apple Neural Engine. This chip is mainly dedicated to AI-related works such as facial recognition, speech recognition, and few related tasks. The company did not speak anything about this newly popped up subject. Since all the tech giants are running towards creating a powerful AI based system, it looks like Apple has also joined the race to catch up with the competitors. Especially Google and Amazon have already created the biggest space in this segment, so Apple may have to struggle a bit to reach the higher peak. The upcoming chip is said to be designed in such a way that it can integrate it into autonomous cars and robots which may rely on AI technology to operate. Also Read: Apple introduces new app development curriculum with Swift for students Regarding this, Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures says, "Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI. At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence." This new AI chip is also said to work faster when compared to the previous one. The Apple devices currently in the market depends on the processor and the graphics chip to handle the AI processes. So, we can consider this new chip to work faster and reliably compared to it. This, in turn, improves the battery life of the device. Source  Apple iPhone 8 Plus 98,999(Expected Price) Specs Competitors Images +10 Read More About smartphones | apple | iphones | iPads | ai | processors | news Other articles published on May 27, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus specs, launch date and rear cover leak Facebook now lets you add videos, check-ins, and text posts to Albums Best smartphones launched this year until May 2017 Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Tech & Trend Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' Apple's new AI-powered chip is expected to take the world of augmented reality to the next level with system-level integration. Vinod Yalburgi   May 27, 2017 12:38 IST Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' Apple is currently developing a dedicated Artificially Intelligent (AI) processor chip called Apple Neural Engine to support advanced AI-related tasks like augmented reality (AR) that can integrate into existing facial recognition and speed recognition technologies. Next-gen iPhones including the iPhone 8 are widely touted to incorporate the 3D-sensing front camera with AI-powered depth detection capability. With Siri setting the trend of Voice Assistant apps in the smartphone market, we have seen Apple's competitors making amends to aggressively deploy AI-powered upgrades to their devices such as Amazon's Echo and Google's Home digital assistants. Now the California-based company is looking at deploying the potential capabilities of AI in self-driving cars as well as all those gadgets that are capable of running augmented reality. In a nutshell, Apple is focusing at superimposing graphics and other 3D elements into the perceptible 2D world of the user. A few iPhone prototypes have already been tested with the dedicated AI chip wherein the dedicated processor module is built exclusively for demanding artificial intelligence processing and thereby help in optimising the device's battery performance. Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon chip and Google's upcoming Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) are said to be the best illustrations of incorporating a dedicated AI chip onboard. Google's TPU has already found its use in image recognition and driving search results in data centres. The Apple AI chip is expected to become a norm in future iPhone and iPad releases. Bloomberg citing a familiar source, says the Cupertino Company is already working on ideas to offload facial recognition in the photos app, some parts of speech recognition and the iPhone's predictive keyboard to the chip. In its bid to make rapid strides in the AI development and research, Apple has recently invested heavily in acquiring several companies with ties to artificial intelligence such as Tel Aviv-based RealFace as well as hiring research personnel with AI work-related background. For instance, Apple recently hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. Apple is expected to detail its latest accomplishments in the AI field at the forthcoming annual developer conference in June, wherein the company is also touted to unveil iOS 11 for the next-gen iPhones and iPads with a revamped user-interface. Related Top reasons why Google Assistant can't beat Siri on iPhone Galaxy S8 fails to beat two-year-old iPhone 6s in speed and memory management comparison test Galaxy Note 8 bezel-less aka Infinity Display leaks on video Quick Links Apple Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Here's how to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live 8 hours ago By Rohit KVN Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] 18 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Best 4G data tariff plans for June 2017 from major telecom operators Here are the best 4G data plans you can avail in May 2017 from Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL. Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. New OnePlus 5 teaser hints at smaller dimensions than 3T OnePlus team has posted a new teaser image depicting the dimensions of OnePlus 5 in comparison with OnePlus 3T. Photo Gallery Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs. Sanjay Dutt supports tree plantation Sanjay Dutt spotted during the event organised to support 1000 tree plantation at BMC garden. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple opens first official store in Southeast Asia By Afp Published: 02:32 EDT, 27 May 2017 | Updated: 02:47 EDT, 27 May 2017 e-mail People queue outside the Apple store in Singapore's Orchard shopping district on its opening day, on May 27, 2017 Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop -- easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade -- is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP. Aside from Singapore, Apple's Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business Home LBoard Economists: Malaysia must push harder for growth in productivity FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple opens first official store in SE Asia AFP | May 27, 2017 Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. SINGAPORE: Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop — easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Philippine military bomb Islamist militants in urban battle US lobby claim: Rafizi dares Najib to file police report Explore topics special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News 2 snatch thieves caught after colliding with car PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di… Thousands may lose jobs in RHB-AmBank merger Ketua Puteri Umno nasihat Dr M menang dulu PRU ‘Stomp on Sivarasa’ campaign fails to rile MP What’s happened to DAP’s principles? Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS… Tipu helah budak lelaki halau 4 anjing jalanan The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? Do you have a strategy for your twilight years? ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Alcohol in flights, a rejoinder Making football great again with 2 memorable finals The perennial dilemma of language and losing our culture The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? Negara perlukan ‘pemandu baru’, PAS sedia ganti BN Goodbye wordsmith Rehman Rashid More... FMT Bahasa Saudi dan negara Arab lain putus hubungan dengan Qatar PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di Melaka Pakar: Beribu kakitangan boleh hilang kerja jika RHB, Ambank bergabung Rakyat Singapura disuruh bersikap toleran, tiada ‘tapi’ dan ‘kalau’ Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS beritahu SPRM Isa nafi FGV bincang singkir CEO More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 31°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Eager shoppers throng newly-opened Apple Orchard Road Saturday May 27, 2017 02:19 PM GMT+8 ICYMI ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail The Edit: Message of defiance at concert The Edit: Hidden eats in Chow Kit The Edit: ‘Wonder Woman’ tops box office Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article In the Gallery People queue up as they wait to visit the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic Staff members welcome visitors to the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic People take photos at the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic Staff members welcome visitors to the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic A visitor poses with a souvenir t-shirt given away at the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic Staff members welcome visitors to the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic Staff members welcome visitors as they enter the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic Peter Xiang, 25, from Macau, who queued up since 8pm the day before, is congratulated by staff members to be the first visitor of the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic People visit the Apple store in the Orchard shopping district on its opening day in Singapore on May 27, 2017. — AFP picSINGAPORE, May 27 — Apple opened its first South-east Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop — easily distinguished by its iconic glass façade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering US$256.8 billion (RM1.0 trillion) cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. —AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 A new era for Nokia Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa (VIDEO) Five powerhouse gaming PCs seen at Computex 2017 A new era for Nokia Will Samsung's new notebooks write a new chapter? Nokia takes its relaunched 3310 ‘brick’ home to Finland (VIDEO) Robo justice: First robotic cop joins Dubai police Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles What you should know about Apple Orchard Road ahead of its May 27 opening Apple store along Singapore’s Orchard Road to open May 27 Top iPhone apps: ‘Injustice 2,’ ‘B612,’ ‘Lottoland’ Apple Store along Singapore’s Orchard Road to open soon Apple’s App Store shatters records on New Year’s day Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 27 May 2017 | MYT 12:00 PM Digital wallet services gain rising acceptance by george avalos The most common mobile-payment activities include paying bills through a mobile phone or web browser, buying items or digital content remotely with a phone, and paying for goods in a store with a phone, according to the Federal Reserve Bank in a report titled Consumers and Mobile Financial Services 2016. — Reuters SAN JOSE: Money and wallets simply aren't what they used to be.  Tech giants' card-less payment services – including Apple Pay, Android Pay from Google and Samsung Pay – aim to ease the path to the truly digital wallet, and researchers project huge growth in adoption by retailers and consumers. Even staid financial giants such as Wells Fargo and Bank of America are behind a push to encourage and enable customers to access ATMs without their debit cards.  Yet the digital wallet business has gotten off to a rough start, said Bay Area-based analyst Trip Chowdhry, managing director with Global Equities Research.  "There have been many false starts in this industry," Chowdhry said. "The current payment methods are intrusive, and they are not seamless."  Even so, card-less payment services are here to stay.  "Mobile proximity payments, enabled though near-field-communications, are projected to vastly increase to US$118bil (RM503.68bil) in 2018, up from US$3.5bil (RM14.91bil) in 2014," according to a report by Statista, a web-based data and statistics company. "Some of the benefits of mobile payments include the speed of payment, the convenience as well as the integration with pre-existing loyalty and coupon programs."  These benefits point to a brave new world of virtual wallets.  The most common mobile-payment activities include paying bills through a mobile phone or web browser, buying items or digital content remotely with a phone, and paying for goods in a store with a phone, according to the Federal Reserve Bank in a report titled Consumers and Mobile Financial Services 2016.  As of December 2016, Apple Pay led the way in North American retailers' adoption of mobile-payment systems, with 36% acceptance, according to Statista. PayPal had 34% acceptance, Mastercard PayPass had 25%, Android Pay had 24%, Visa CheckOut had 20% and Samsung Pay had 18%, the report said.  One of the next steps, analysts say, is to make payments seamless for the consumer, and to make it easy for shoppers to pick up items in stores without lining up at check stands.  This sort of convenience is already available in a different industry that new technologies have disrupted: "Uber and Lyft enable users to simply get out of the car at the end of the journey, while the app seamlessly processes the fare in the background," Sunnyvale-based technology company Rambus noted in a report.  The technology providers also need to overcome consumers' worries about security.  Campbell-based market researcher Creative Strategies recently studied digital wallets to assess barriers to greater adoption of the services.  "We found that fears about security, trusting in the apps, are the primary concerns," said Ben Bajarin, a principal analyst. "Consumers don't quite buy the story that they are secure. They are concerned that anything in a digital form can be stolen."  Bajarin said Apple, Android and Samsung mobile payment technologies all encrypt users' information, securing their credit card details.  "Compared to a physical credit card or physical wallet that can be stolen, digital wallets are secure," he said.  Here is a brief look at some of the technology leaders in mobile payments.  Apple Pay  Apple Pay is a free digital wallet and mobile payment service that can be used to make in-person payments and is compatible with an array of contact-less terminals. The system is live in 15 countries, including the United States and Canada, along with United Kingdom, France, Russia, China, Japan and several other European and Asian countries.  Q: How many retailers accept your service today? A: Tens of millions of customers are now using Apple Pay, and more than 13 million contact-less enabled locations exist in the countries where the service is live, Apple said in a statement. More than 4.5 million locations now accept Apple Pay in the US.  Retailers that support Apple Pay include Best Buy, B&H Photo, Bloomingdale's, Chevron, Disney, Dunkin' Donuts, GameStop, Jamba Juice, Kohl's, Lucky, McDonald's, Office Depot, Petco, Sprouts, Staples, KFC, Trader Joe's, Walgreens and Whole Foods, according to the MacRumors site.  Q: What improvements are you making to the service? A: Apple didn't disclose any upcoming upgrades. But Apple Chief Executive Officer Timothy Cook told analysts during a conference call this month: "Apple Pay is experiencing phenomenal traction. We're seeing strong, growing usage as points of acceptance expand, with transaction volume up 450 percent in the US alone."  Android Pay  Google developed the Android Pay digital wallet platform to power tap-to-pay purchases on mobile devices so customers can make payments with Android-based phones, tablets, or watches. Android Pay uses the near-field communications technology to exchange bank card information so funds can be transferred to the retailer.  Q: How many retailers accept your service today? A: "We don't have this number available to share," said Genevieve Park, a Google spokeswoman. However, some of the retailers using Android Pay are Best Buy, BJ's Wholesale Club, Bloomingdale's, Coca Cola, Dunkin' Donuts, Game Stop, Jamba Juice, Kentucky Fried Chicken, Macy's, Meijer, Panera Bread, Subway, Trader Joe's, Walgreens, Wegmans and Whole Foods.  Q: What improvements are you making to the service? A: A Google alliance with PayPal enables people to tap their PayPal accounts to make payments using their Android phones; Google has teamed up with multiple banks, including Bank of America and USAA Bank, to add bank cards to the Android Pay platform; and Gmail users can send money as an attachment in an email, the company said in a statement.  "Android Pay is a mobile wallet that allows Android users to save their credit, debit and loyalty cards to their phone and pay easily in-store, in-app, and on the mobile web," Google said.  Samsung Pay  Samsung Pay uses near-field communication technology and supports more than 500 banks and credit unions, which together represent more than 85% of the US debit card and credit card market.  Q: How many major retailers accept your service today? A: Samsung Pay works at more than 90% of the top 250 retailers and the vast majority of merchants, including small, local businesses, Samsung said. Because Samsung Pay supports both Near-Field Communications (NFC) and Magnetic Secure Transmission (MST) technologies, Samsung Pay is accepted almost anywhere you can swipe or tap your credit card, it said.  Samsung Pay is driving toward the goal of universal merchant acceptance, which is critical to consumer adoption, Samsung said.  Q: What improvements are you making to the service? A: Samsung has provided new incentives to help customers reach for their phones every time they go through checkout. Samsung Rewards, for example, serves as the loyalty platform for the entire Samsung ecosystem, working much like standard credit card points programs.  "With Samsung Rewards rapidly accelerating consumer adoption of mobile payments, and Samsung Pay's ability to work almost anywhere you can swipe a credit card unlike other solutions, we know that Samsung Pay is uniquely positioned to lead the mobile payments industry into the future," said Nana Murugesan, general manager of services and new business at Samsung Electronics America.  Wells Fargo  Instead of a physical card, customers can now use a mobile Wells Fargo app to choose card-free ATM access and then obtain a one-time token for that session to conduct transactions at the machine.  "Wells Fargo is the first large bank in the U.S. to have card-less ATM technology on our entire fleet," said Ruben Pulido, a Wells Fargo spokesman.  Bank of America  Bank of America focuses on digital wallets for its card-less ATM services.  "The way we deployed card-less technologies is we are accepting all digital wallets, including Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and Android Pay," said Charles Liu, chief of branch transformation, ATM innovation and market strategy. "We have enabled this so all of the digital wallets will work with our ATMs. You simply place your phone near an ATM terminal and they communicate with each other."  This sort of access is available at more than half of the Bank of America ATMs in the US and can be activated by uploading the bank card information to a digital wallet.  Retailers  Macy's and Bloomingdale's both accept Apple Pay, Android Pay and Samsung Pay, said Orlando Veras, a spokesman for Macy's Inc, whose subsidiaries include the two department store chains.  The only digital wallet Walmart accepts is Walmart Wallet, the retailer said in an e-mailed response. — San Jose Mercury News/Tribune News Service  Related Stories You May Be Interested Stay hydrated with a smart water bottle India’s mobile Internet use increases ninefold Here’s how to know if someone’s blocked you on WhatsApp 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read Memorial form comes too late for Lahiri Most sticking with London travel plans Chinese spend RM110mil on cosmetics advertisement Latest News China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies Most Viewed in Tech Bentley on Demand is like Uber for the uber rich Here’s how to know if someone’s blocked you on WhatsApp Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies After London attack, Facebook says aims to be hostile environment for terrorists Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish Nest Cam IQ security camera can recognise faces Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Apple says payouts from App Store total US$70bil Will Samsung’s new notebooks write a new chapter? Waze unveils carpool app Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
menu Sections Monday, June 5, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION technology / Gadgets share this Apple opens first official store in Southeast Asia Agence France-Presse / 02:20 PM May 27, 2017 Employees (bottom) welcome visitors at the Apple store in the Orchard shopping district on its opening day in Singapore on May 27, 2017. Hundreds of people waited outside Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia in Singapore, which opened on May 27. AFP SINGAPORE—Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-story site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop — easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. ADVERTISEMENT Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told Agence France-Presse. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. ADVERTISEMENT Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. play_circle_filled Sulphur-powered giant shipworm unearthed in Philippines April 19, 2017 play_circle_filled New Google Earth unveiled that works on browsers and smartphones April 19, 2017 play_circle_filled Samsung launches Galaxy S8 phones, virtual assistant March 30, 2017 play_circle_filled Nintendo Switch console goes on sale in strategy reboot March 05, 2017 TAGS: Apple, Apple Store, Singapore For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Who was Jesse Javier Carlos? June 5, 2017 newsinfo CA revives P2-B civil suit vs Revillame June 5, 2017 newsinfo Resorts World gunman identified as Jessie Javier Carlos, a Filipino June 4, 2017 entertainment LOOK: ‘Wonder Woman’ recruited actual athletes, fighters as powerful Amazonians June 1, 2017 newsinfo Resorts World gunman a ‘gambling addict, a big cockfight bettor’ June 4, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
null
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Vector Like Tensor for humans: Apple reportedly working on AI cores By Rene Ritchie Friday, May 26, 2017 at 5:18 pm EDT 12 Comments Rene Ritchie has been covering the personal technology industry for almost a decade. Editorial Director at Mobile Nations, analyst at iMore, video and podcast host, you can follow him @reneritchie on Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter. Google has Tensor cores. Could Apple soon have AI cores of its own? Apple is already driving mobile silicon in a way few if any other companies have been able to keep up with. Now, a new report claims Apple will be using its considerable chipset chops to accelerate artificial intelligence as well. Mark Gurman, writing for Bloomberg: Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company's devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence -- such as facial recognition and speech recognition. If true, this should surprise no one. Arguably, Apple's biggest advantage in computing right now is that the company custom crafts the complete stack, from atom to bit to pixel. That includes an ever-increasing amount of custom silicon. A few years ago, Apple offloaded motion tracking from its main A-series system-on-a-chip to an M-series sensor fusion hub. A few years later, it added onboard natural language parsing to the M-series to enable "Hey, Siri!" in as power-efficient a way as possible. The latest A-series, A10 Fusion, combines two high-efficiency cores with two high-performance cores to try to eek out as much battery life as possible while pushing pixels and bits as fast as possible. Anything that makes sense to offload to increase efficiency and performance, you can bet Apple is working on offloading. Including and especially AI, since it's such a hot topic these days. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon's Echo and Google's Home digital assistants. This part reads oddly to me. Nothing against Mark, but it's a particularly bad narrative pervasive across U.S. media. Google Home is a single product. Echo is a growing line of similar, home-based products. Apple has pushed Siri from iPhone to and through iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, Mac, CarPlay, HomeKit, and accessories like AirPods. Apple has also expanded Siri across dozens of languages, including Chinese, Hebrew, and Arabic, as well as dozens of regions. It's fair to say no other vendor has yet been as aggressive as Apple in deploying virtual assistants across product lines or to customers around the world. "Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI," said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. "At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence." This also reads oddly to me. Almost everything Apple does already requires AI. AI is going to be everywhere in computing the same way math is everywhere. There's nothing unique about special projects like augmented reality or cars. Machine learning, computer vision, and related technologies are already powering everything from battery efficiency to photo tagging, sequential inference to computational photography. Just because Google made its sound like they invented AI on the I/O 2016 stage, and it's now parroted alongside AR and VR the way mobile/social/local was a decade ago, doesn't mean companies like Apple (and Google) haven't been working on it for years. What's interesting isn't that the big tech giants are working on it; it's how they will use it to solve real problems in the information and computer space and, in Apple's case, how it will solve those problems while protecting our security and privacy at the same time. Reader comments Like Tensor for humans: Apple reportedly working on AI cores 12 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating coffeemike "Google Home is a single product. Echo is growing line of similar, home based products. Apple has pushed Siri from iPhone to and through iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, Mac, CarPlay, HomeKit, and accessories like AirPods." ... except that Google's Assistant is available across mobile devices (Android, iOS), within Chrome I believe, not just through the Home product. And Alexa is present and capable on the Echo products as well as through the Alexa app, the Amazon app, the Fire stick, presumably the Fire TV, and so on. It's a valid comparison, correct? And - pardon my ignorance - is Siri present in Airpods independent of the phone? 0 1 week ago Reply bhatech Yeah smh at google home is a single product. Hello !!! google now, assistant, voice recognition is everywhere. 0 1 week ago Reply cuttheredwire The AirPods have a tap for Siri feature. Viticci mentioned he uses them for Siri in his latest podcast. "While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon's Echo and Google's Home digital assistants." Rene's point is that the media forgets that Siri is in so many places. Apple has been aggressively implementing Siri, but you would never know it by news coverage. He does *not* claim that Google is less aggressive or in fewer places in any way at all. 0 1 week ago Reply bhatech News coverage is about how Siri sucks, no one complains that's not in many places. They complain because it's bad compared to competition. 0 1 week ago Reply bhatech "This part reads oddly to me. Nothing against Mark, but it's a particularly bad narrative pervasive across U.S. media." Nothing against Rene, but it's just pro apple narrative from you, Gruber and few others on everything Apple does. At least Mark is honest even though he loves Apple products. Pretty much everyone is right Siri lacks and is just dumb compared to google. And, yeah Google does it many languages as well if that's your defense for whatever little Siri can do. On the positive side, I'm excited to see what Apple comes up and see how it can compete with Google given it has no other option other than pushing privacy story and how it can do everything on device. They would love to be like google but given the lack of their ability we have to see how well they can do this AI stuff on device and keeping privacy in mind. "Just because Google made its sound like they invented AI on the I/O 2016 stage, and it's now parroted alongside AR and VR the way mobile/social/local was a decade ago, doesn't mean companies like Apple (and Google) haven't been working on it for years." Really? You are so hurt on this? Even on MacBreak weekly you brought this up. This is what Apple does for pretty much everything in their keynote. Every feature they talk as if they invented it even though it's on competitor's device for years. 0 1 week ago Reply cuttheredwire They all try to make it sound like they invented it. Heck, people have forgotten there were smart phones before 2007. There were, but far fewer people had them. As for the narrative, I am seeing a lot of criticism on the media praising the Echo and viewing the Apple Watch as a flop. Yet I've read on multiple places that the watch sells more in volume and for a profit while the Echo is sold for a loss and fewer are sold. Numbers are not released, so I'm going to dig for the articles (but I believe Above Avalon was one of them). What is interesting is the way the Echo has caught the attention of the media. It's different and it is functional. There is plenty to write about since it is so open (too open for my tastes). The hardware is getting refreshed at a good pace too. As for Siri, yep, it needs work. Actually, it needs a way for me to tell it that, no, it did not understand me. That's really all I want… that and to have more fluid conversations. 0 1 week ago Reply Jose_Rey Really? The Echo losing money? That seems strange to me. I mean, after all, it's useless if you have no internet. It cannot do anything unless it has access to it. No timers, alarms, nada. At least that's what they said in the reviews. 0 1 week ago Reply themacbuddha How Apple approaches the digital assistant is predicated on these factors: Security/Privacy, Ubiquity, and Extensibility. Security/Privacy---Data storage and manipulation is best served on the local device when it can be and only stored and manipulated on the cloud if it can be done so at the deepest level. For a photo to be synced to and manipulated in the iCloud and for Apple to do so having excluded their ability to hold any encryption key protecting it is a very, very, very tall order. There is a reason they hired Jonathan Zdziarski. The call to crop and apply a filter needs to happen on all devices AND the cloud without compromising privacy. Keeping customer data encrypted at these levels on their servers is not in Google's best interest or even their wheelhouse. Google doesn't talk the security game. Therefor they keep themselves open to running fast and loose with your data. That means ample blood in the water for any number of bad players to go after. The trope of Google User Data Anonymization is prime for failure. Not a matter of "if" but "when". The continued treatment of end user devices as dumb terminals and the shoving of ever more data and processing power to the cloud leads to laziness on the OEM's part. We've seen this battle before. One can only assume that Samsung is not simply glomming Viv to things but actually following through on the promise of Android as a true open source solution. Don't Hold Your Breathe. Reports that Apple is creating custom silicon for managing digital dossiers should not surprise anyone. Nor should the fact that they are telling Qualcomm to take a hike now be a surprise. That they added Intel as a supplier for cellular modems is quite telling - they are going to make their own modems too. 0 1 week ago Reply themacbuddha Ubiquity---Though it might seem obvious to most the scale of this can not be understated. The "Internet of Things" is akin to the "World Wide Web" in my mind. Tremendous promise turns into absolute morass of pain. To put some perspective to something that was mentioned in an earlier post regarding the Amazon Echo line: There is plenty of talk about how wonderful Tesla is doing. Yet the Apple Watch has generated more unit sales then Echo and more revenue then Tesla. Apple Watch is primed to leap forward this fall. This is not to belabor those companies' successes but to illustrate that the reach of Apple products and there for Siri (or whatever the overall solution is deemed to be called) exemplifies how far it can go. Apple Watch can be viewed as an accessory to iPhone. And what of any Siri Speaker (hate that name) product. What of a newer wifi system that integrates and amplifies Siri and HomeKit. What of CarPlay and other integrated auto systems. Project Titan is aptly named but probably a **** lot closer than most think to producing fruit. Extensibility---Echo has both language support and security working against it. Amazon is predominately US company. However one must appreciate that it is Walmart and their ilk that Amazon is truly competing against. Don't undersell that. Google's bread and butter on the other hand is in advertising. And they will ride that pony straight in to the ground. Their forte is on the server. Their greatest success found almost exclusively within a web browser. Again...Advertising and the World Wide Web! When combined, the most hated concept in existence. They will have a difficult time assailing that wall. I foresee a lot of WTF results that is far worse the bane of Siri now. And where might Apple fit in this? Yes, yes, yes! Fluid conversation is nice but natural language is better suited. In fact it is absolutely imperative. And never mind about just simple language support. What about muddled accents and mixed languages - Spanglish anyone? Recognize the extent third party support for Siri introduces a set of complexities far, far, far beyond the chicken scratch/Graffiti approach of Google Assistant and Alexa, and is dependant on Apple growing domains instead of leaving businesses to grab at the lowest hanging fruit. Make no mistake it is not about competing against Android/Amazon/Google/Advertising/BuynLarge. It's about creating a platform for communication and commerce that doesn't bank on the gullibility of the end user. It's all my data; what I buy, who I buy it from, what I do with it? Whose to say that a viable solution positively requires that I give up that control. Just remember....the road less travelled. (All Over The Place, I Know!) 0 1 week ago Reply johnnygoodface That last sentence says it all! Yes indeed, security and privacy are the hole point of making an AI chip in the phone, so that requests are analyzed and decisions are taken locally, and not from a distant server, and this will hopefully makes the response time much faster. 0 1 week ago Reply delta4s Google and Amazon are into AI for the purpose and goal of increased efficiency in advertising and selling of your data. The promoted benefits to you personnally are a side effect and not the goal. However, Apple really needs to step up. Siri has improved but has a long way to go. Apple doesn't have the cloud infrastructure setup to process AI so it needs to do it not the device. I wonder if that data can transferred to a new device. 0 1 week ago Reply johnnygoodface "I wonder if that data can transferred to a new device."? That's indeed a very good question, one Apple should take into consideration, since all that the AI chip will have learned will need to be backup to iCloud too ---- sorry I should have replied to delta4s instead 0 1 week ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Calendar SF Bay Area Events Promotion Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rate LOG Live FLS Priv Apple reportedly developing a dedicated AI chip for the iPhone – The Verge Posted on May 26 2017 - 4:32pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 28 Related Microsoft accidentally drops broken desktop, mobile Windows Insider builds – iTnews The Verge Apple is reportedly working on a dedicated artificial intelligence chip that would power AI-related tasks on mobile devices, according to a report from Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman. The chip, which may be called the Apple Neural Engine, would be used to … Apple developing dedicated AI chip called Apple Neural EngineAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple Is Following Google Into Making A Custom AI ChipForbes Apple’s advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a ‘Neural Engine’ Chip now EmergesPatently Apple Bloomberg –Engadget –Mac Rumors –PCMag all 33 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Golden State vs Cleveland Cavaliers 2017 NBA Finals Game 2 Live Vlog LeBron James Congratulates Steve Kerr On NBA Finals Game 2 2017 Return Manchester Benefit On YouTube Brings The World Together #OneManchester Jeffrey Campbell Educated Rapper Of UTFO "Roxanne, Roxanne" Passes At 54 California Supreme Court Gave Oakland Eminent Domain Right To NFL Raiders With Proof Of Public Use Are American And European Right-Wing Operatives Financing Muslim Terrorists For Political Gain? Wonder Woman Box Office At $100 Million Record For Female Director Patty Jenkins Plannning SF Bay Area Events Call Mirror Corp Events in San Francisco Wonder Woman Movie Review Gal Godot Leads Best DC Comics Movie To Date Jeremy Maclin Released By Chiefs - Eagles Fans Call For His Return NFL News Dalvin Cook, Chris Godwin Sign With Vikings, Bucs Chiefs Release Jeremy Maclin NFL News http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Hi      |   My Account  |  Logout Login  |  My Account  |  Subscribe Trending: Starbucks to expand Minden distribution facility, add jobs Identity Reno student housing nearly 80 percent pre-leased Rancharrah hosts public grand opening June 10 Comstock Mining hosts annual meeting at the Gold Hill Hotel TEDxUniversityofNevada call for speakers is open Serving Northern Nevada Menu News News Briefs People Real Estate About Us Special Sections E-Edition Events Tahoe Events Reno Events Carson Events Book of Lists Complete 2018 Survey Business Leads Marketplace Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Place Ad  News News Briefs People Real Estate About Us Special Sections E-Edition Events Tahoe Events Reno Events Carson Events Book of Lists Complete 2018 Survey Business Leads Marketplace Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Place Ad Rob Sabo Info@nnbw.biz Back to: News May 26, 2017 | Follow News Submit Your News Neighbors welcome Apple’s plans for empty lot Rob Sabo Info@nnbw.biz May 26, 2017 Article Comments () Rob Sabo | This weedy empty lot at Evans Avenue and Fifth Street has been purchased by Appl for a distribution center. Rob Sabo | This empty lot just east of Downtown Reno will get a newhigh-tech look with its purchase by Apple for a distribution center. Prev of images Next Every time she looks out the front window, Belen Morales, manager of BJ's Hair Shop on Evans Avenue, has stared at a barren dirt lot across the street from the salon for the six years she's been employed there. The blighted lot at Fifth Street and Evans Avenue in downtown Reno soon could get a major facelift from a big-name tenant, though. Apple recently announced plans to construct a distribution facility as part of an additional $1 billion investment in its operations in northern Nevada. The site was formerly home to a warehouse that was demolished following heavy winter snows in 2005. It's been a vacant dirt lot ever since. For awhile the lot used for impromptu parking for Reno Aces baseball games, but a chain-link fence went up about a year ago that put a kibosh on the free parking. Morales is all for the Apple project. "I think it is fabulous that we will have something across the street," she says. "We have a lot of traffic this way anyway, so I don't think it will have a huge impact. We probably will have more police patrol, and more lighting. "We have a great little area here," she adds. "This is not a bad spot for them. It will only benefit all of us, and I think it is a great thing." The area surrounding Fifth and Evans site was part of the sweeping Tessera redevelopment project, which called for 1.2 million square feet of mixed-used development. That project ultimately never transpired as the hard-hitting recession scuttled developers' plans for the district. Apple five years ago announced a $1 billion dollar investment in northern Nevada to take place over 10 years, and accomplished that spending goal in five years as it built out its data center at Mustang. The tech giant recently announced it will increase its investment in northern Nevada by an additional $1 billion to expand on its data center and construct a distribution facility in downtown Reno. Apple originally wanted to lease the downtown land but now wants to purchase the property to build its distribution facility. The land is held by Northern Nevada Urban Development Company, the proposed developers of the Tessera District. Buying the land is a key part of Apple's investment strategy in northern Nevada, said Apple representative Mike Foulkes to the Reno City Council. "We spent a long time trying to find a good site in town that would be good for us and the city," Foulkes said. "To make the kind of investment we are willing to make, we need to own the property. It is not the type of investment you make on a leased property." Apple's investment in the downtown facility would be in excess of $4 million, Foulkes says, and the new facility would mirror the look and feel of Apple's retail and employment centers. "We are working to really make it a showpiece for downtown," he says. "We think it will be the most beautiful building in that corridor. For us, beauty is important." It wouldn't take much to be named the most beautiful building in that area, although the area does exude the rustic charm of old Reno with many old brick buildings. Fifth Street and Evans Avenue are home to older 1960s homes and some even older apartment buildings — one dates back to 1908. There also are several older storage warehouses in the adjacent areas. Stantec Consulting Services in March filed a special use permit with the City of Reno that details plans to build a 27,000-square-foot warehouse/distribution center on 1.38 acres at 520 Evans Avenue. The facility would be built to accommodate between five to seven truck deliveries each day from Sixth Street. The facility would employ between eight and 12 people, although office space could accommodate 15 or so employees. This mirrors what Foulkes told the city council. The proposed building would be constructed using a combination of masonry, metal panels and resin panels, the Stantec permit states. It also would include new eight-foot sidewalks with deciduous trees planted every 30 feet along Evans, Fifth and Sixth streets. Forty trees in total and 240 shrubs would ring the property, and signage would be limited to address signage on Sixth Street and Evans Avenue. Josh Rosenstock, Apple spokesman, said in a statement in early May that the Silicon Valley tech giant supports more than 700 jobs in Nevada. "Nevada is home to our largest solar investment, powering our data center with clean energy. We're excited to be increasing our contributions to the local economy with an additional $1 billion investment to expand our data center and supporting facilities. As part of our growth we plan to hire 100 employees and expect construction will support an additional 300 jobs." Join the Conversation View and add comments » A Facebook account is required Recommended Stories For You Trending In: News Starbucks to expand Minden distribution facility, add jobs Identity Reno student housing nearly 80 percent pre-leased Rancharrah hosts public grand opening June 10 Comstock Mining hosts annual meeting at the Gold Hill Hotel Top Jobs Base Camp Pizza & Azul Latin Kitchen Line Cooks, Prep, Host, & Bussers S. Lake Tahoe , CA 96150 Base Camp Pizza Co. & Azul Latin Kitchen is looking for: Line Cooks, Prep, Host and Bussers... Alpine County, CA Deputy Sheriff Recruit Alpine County, CA 96120 Deputy Sheriff Recruit, Misc Salary Range 41: ($18.48 - $22.46) per hour. Deputy Sheriff I ... North Tahoe Fire Protection District Forest Fuels Coordinator Tahoe City, CA 96145 NORTH TAHOE FIRE PROTECTION DISTRICT Forest Fuels Coordinator Applications and job ... Sierra Nevada Media Group Dock Assistant Carson City, NV 89701 Do you love the idea of not being stuck behind a desk? Are you detail oriented? Do you love... South Tahoe Public Utility District Underground Sewer Repair I/II South Lake Tahoe, CA 96150 South Tahoe Public Utility District Underground Sewer Repair I/II The South Tahoe Public ... Sierra Nevada Media Group Cash Reporting Clerk Carson City, NV 89701 Part-time Cash Reporting Clerk needed in the finance department based in Carson City. The ... Sidestreet Boutique PT Sales Associate South Lake tahoe, CA 96150 Sidestreet Boutique Accepting applications for PT Sales Associate Position Must have ... Douglas County Recreation Leaders Gardnerville, NV 89410 Douglas County Stateline Kahle Community Center has openings for: Seasonal Recreation ... City of South Lake Tahoe RECREATION BUS DRIVER (SEASONAL) South lake Tahoe, CA 96150 CITY OF SOUTH LAKE TAHOE, CA RECREATION BUS DRIVER (SEASONAL) $15.81/hr Addtl Info... D'lish Catering & Buritto Window Cooks, Prep Cooks, Servers & ... Truckee, CA 96150 And Burrito Window are currently seeking Cooks, Prep Cooks, Servers and Bartenders for ... Dairy Farmers of America Warehouse Worker, QA&C Manager, & ... Fallon, NV 89406 Dairy Farmers of America A state-of-the-art dairy ingredient facility in Fallon, NV is ... Zano's Restaurant Line Cooks Truckee, CA 96161 NOW HIRING! Line Cooks Kitchen Manager/ Lead Line Cook Apply in person at Zano's 11401 ... The Fallon Police Department Police Dispatcher Fallon, NV 89406 CITY OF FALLON POLICE DISPATCHER POSITION The Fallon Police Department is currently seeking ... Sidestreet Boutique P/T Cafe Barrista South Lake tahoe, CA 96150 Sidestreet Boutique Accepting applications for P/T Cafe Barrista Must have retail sales ... Carson Valley Inn Line Cooks & Dishwashers Minden , NV 89423 Carson Valley Inn is currently seeking FT & PT Cooks & Dishwashers for our high volume ... View all » NNBW E-Edition COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE Business & Service Directory House Cleaning Services by ... Carson City, NV 89701 House Cleaning Services by Maria Mendivil (775)671-8503 Licensed & ... "We Do It All" NV Lic. # 0069967 ... All over, NV 89423 "We Do It All" NV Lic. # 0069967 267-2233 246-8300 265-3858 882-7400 1 Call Home Repair Service! ... All Over, NV 89701 1 Call Home Repair Service! Insured! Call Tim 775-750-4744 lic # 1129177... Westside Landscape Weed ... All Over, NV 89701 Westside Landscape Weed Abatement, aerate & de-thatch Mow & Trim ... J&R Painting Quality paint job ... Carson City, NV 89507 J&R Painting Quality paint job at affordable price. Call Randy at 775-... #1 Moving Experience! Moving ... Carson City, NV 89701 #1 Moving Experience! Moving Assistant. Trash Hauling. 775-884-3906 or ... New Office Now in our new office! Dr... Tahoe City, CA 96145 New Office Now in our new office! Dr. Amin (Sam) Zahirfar General & Family ... Silver State Landscape Now ... Carson City, NV 89701 Silver State Landscape Now accepting new lawn maintenance accounts ... J.R. Seals Co. Sprinkler & PVB ... Carson City, NV 89701 J.R. Seals Co. Sprinkler & PVB Repairs! Call 775-884-3835 Ice dam removal service 24/7 stop ... Ice dam removal service 24/7 stop leaks today 1-208-585-18154uicedamremoval... View all » News Home Real Estate Book of Lists Business Leads Marketplace Jobs Classifieds Autos Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Merchandise Recreation Reader Tools Contact Us Contribute ePaper Newsletters Advertise Archives RSS Single Copy Sales Locations News Neighbors Gardnerville – Nevada Lake Tahoe Grass Valley – California Nevada Appeal About Us Terms and Conditions Terms of Use Privacy Policy ©2005 - 2017 Swift Communications, Inc.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Learning from the past and molding the future of technology: a conversation with John Sculley by D. S. Bradford — in Contributors 327 shares The world of technology has given us so much in the way of improving quality of life. From practical application in the world of medicine to creating virtual playgrounds for recreation, we see innovation moving so quickly that it can be hard to keep up sometimes. In looking to our future, we look to our past, which – relative to the age of our planet – is not that long at all. We can learn a lot from those that came before us and are still with us now, sharing their experience and continuing to make the world a better place. I had the great fortune of sitting down with John Sculley, the former CEO of Apple and Pepsi President, to talk about what it was like to work with Steve Jobs, what he has learned during his long and impressive career, and what future innovators need to succeed in the world of tech. The Next Web: Hello John. Thank you for joining me today. As we all know, there was once a time when Apple, as a fledgling company, was going through a tumultuous time. As someone who has been successful in several ventures, what was your experience during this time and what was it like to work with Steve Jobs? John Sculley: I was Steve Jobs’ partner and closest friend for three years.  What made Steve Jobs different is he never tried to adapt to fit into the world. Steve always wanted the world to change and see the possibilities he saw. When he was 27, Steve was brilliant and in deep learning mode. Like many geniuses, he experimented and made mistakes. It was amazing experience to be with him seven days a week. It was during these years that Steve Jobs defined his first principles that still the foundation of Apple today. TNW: What were those principles, John? JS: There are six: 1.) Empower non-technical people with bicycles for the mind that will unleash their creativity. 2.) Change the world by enabling people to visually communicate (in those days before the Web, Steve Jobs created AppleTalk that wired Macs together). 3.) Design is important to everything Apple will do and simplification is the ultimate sophistication. 4.) No compromises. 5.) Every detail of how we do things at Apple must be as perfect as possible. The six colors of the logo. The Mac Factory, and many other examples. As we were getting ready to finish the final rev of the Mac mother board, just before first release, Steve saw a slight imperfection. The engineer working on it said to Steve, “ This board will be inside the Mac box and no one will ever know.”  Steve looked at him will a deep stare and said, “I’ll know.” 6) The Mac team needs to be willing to devote every waking moment of their lives to making Macintosh insanely great. There is no time to waste. TNW: [Laughs] I love how Jobs’ words were so ominous, but I get it. It’s not enough for the products to be great, they have to be the best. The standards are what separate competing forces from one another and gives the edge to the ones that give way more attention to every little detail. It’s respectable. Those core values certainly have helped Apple gain a huge market share and I do agree that there have been some beautiful products that have come out of the company. What do you think about the direction Apple has gone with Tim Cook at the helm? JS: Tim Cook is an outstanding Apple CEO. TNW: What role and ideas did you have to make Apple a product marketing company? What knowledge did you bring from the successes of Pepsi to create the perception that Apple was the product to buy over other computer brands? We see the same kind of marketing now, and have for years, with imagery of people’s lives being vastly improved by Apple products, from listening to music, photography, and even tracking one’s own health metrics. Let’s talk about the focus on targeting the creative community and lifestyle. JS: My role was to teach Steve Jobs about consumer marketing. In the 1970’s, Coca-Cola outsold Pepsi in half the US by 10:1. As Pepsi’s then 30 year old CMO, I realized the reality was: Coke was the most famous and most profitable consumer brand in the world. Coca Cola owned reality. Perception leads reality. So, Pepsi needed to own ‘perception’. We achieved this goal by focusing on the customer’s experience with Pepsi versus Coke. The marketing campaign we developed was called ‘The Pepsi Challenge’. I called it “experience marketing”. Steve Jobs loved our conception of “experience marketing” as he was then developing and building the Mac. The user’s experience was at the heart of Steve Jobs’ vision. Steve told me, “You have got to come to Apple and teach me how to do experience marketing.” The first iteration of experience marketing was the launch of the TV campaign for the Mac, known today as the 1984 Super Bowl TV commercial. TNW: The world of high tech is an incredibly competitive market and one false move can make or break any company, but to be successful, one must take risks. How do you find the balance between sound decision-making and taking chances? What can aspiring business-owners and entrepreneurs learn from our forefathers in the tech community that can lead to success? JS: Most ‘adaptive innovators’ try to fit their innovation into the world. Steve Jobs never cared about fitting into the world. He wanted the world to adapt andfit in to his vision of the future. This is when Steve meant when he said he wanted to put a dent in the universe. TNW: During your time at Apple, you oversaw the development of the Newton. That project specifically ran into many obstacles during development and the competition, Palm Pilot, ultimately gained the market share at the time. Do you think that, even though Jobs terminated the project, he still held onto a little piece of the concept to aid in the development of the iPhone and other touchscreen products? Do you think that the technology would have been as sought-after by consumers had Jobs not famously unveiled the iPod Touch and iPhone the way he did? JS: Newton turned out to be seminal development for Apple. It was the first PDA that used a graphics screen interface. The first machine learning digital assistant. The Newton team co-developed the ARM microprocessor and Apple owned 43% of ARM. If Apple hadn’t of sold their 43% of ARM for a reported $800 million in 1997, Apple would have gone bankrupt. TNW: What is your take on the trending of new technology such as VR/AR? Do you think that there is an important use for it that can be utilized beyond the recreational use of average consumers? JS: I am very involved with AI now. I am vice chairman of ‘Lantern’ a fin-tech company in California that is developing an A platform for consumer credit scoring called BeamAI. TNW: What traits and instincts do Millennials absolutely need to possess in order to compete and earn success in today’s market? JS: There has never been a better time for entrepreneurs. So many exponentially growing technology breakthroughs like: cloud, mobile, unstructured data, AI, IoT.  Milennials need to have insatiable curiosity and they need to find noble causes that inspire them and others that can change the world. There has to be a better way to do things and technology is now reliable, inexpensive, and highly scalable. TNW: You’ve earned a tremendous success during your long career, and continue to do so. What is it like to experience such success and what is the best advice you’ve received throughout your career? What knowledge and experience can you now teach to those who are making the trek behind you? JS: My best advice is: Stay curious. Take chances. Failure is a learning experience. Never ever give up. TNW: Thank you so much for your time, John. It’s been a pleasure to speak with you today.   Learn more about John Sculley through his website, where he shares even more about his wealth of knowledge in specific markets, and shows future entrepreneurs how to create a successful business in today’s market to solve the problems of tomorrow. Resources: John Sculley on Facebook John Sculley on Twitter John Sculley on YouTube Read next: How to transition a company from startup to scale-up ContributorsJohn Sculley Share on Facebook (23) Share on Twitter (216) D. S. Bradford is a reporter from Philadelphia, PA. Happy to hear your thoughts on david@dsbradford.com or @DSBradford on Twitter. Music artist, writer, videographer, and motion graphics engineer from Philadelphia, PA. CEO of Equinox By Fireside Music and co-founder of video game company, Stormhaven Studios, LLC. Connect with me on Twitter and Facebook. Contact Mail Tweet Location Philadelphia, PA   All posts by David > Here's some more distraction Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Greene Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Lyft bests Uber (and others) in latest diversity report Rachel Kaser Donuts delivered via drone is the future we all imagined Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended Semantic banks and why you shouldn't be scared of the financial future Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Amazon Web Services users are carelessly leaking tons of sensitive data Mix 2 Free software is suffering because coders don't know how to write documentation Matthew Hughes 3 Understand data science with access to dozens of cool courses - for less than $40 TNW Deals 4 Apple's WWDC 2017: Here's what to expect Bryan Clark 5 Amsterdam and Paris could be connected by Hyperloop by 2021 Matthew Hughes Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Stop trying to ‘be original’ and strive to be prolific instead Chris Smith 2 The Importance Of Stand-Up Desks In Start-Ups Robert Hellson 3 5 mobile collaboration apps top developers can't live without Emma Siemasko 4 7 ways Apple App Store can become better than Google Play Store Abhinav Girdhar 5 Understand data science with access to dozens of cool courses - for less than $40 TNW Deals Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Opening of Apple's first Singapore store attracts hundreds Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Opening of Apple's first Singapore store attracts hundreds close breaking news Advertisement Singapore Opening of Apple's first Singapore store attracts hundreds 02:19 Apple fans turned out in force on Saturday (May 27) as the US tech giant’s first brick-and-mortar store in Singapore opened its doors. 2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. By Tang See Kit @SeeKitCNA 27 May 2017 10:40AM (Updated: 28 May 2017 12:03AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SINGAPORE: Apple fans turned out in force on Saturday (May 27) as the US tech giant’s first brick-and-mortar store in Singapore opened its doors. Ahead of the official opening at 10am, an Apple representative said there were more than 200 people queuing around Knightsbridge Mall along Orchard Road, with some in line as early as 5pm on Friday. Another Apple representative later told Channel NewsAsia there were about 2,000 people in the queue by the time the doors opened. First in line: Mr Peter Xiang, from China, flew in specially for the opening of Apple Orchard Road. (Photo: Tang See Kit) First in line was Mr Peter Xiang, who had been in line for more than 10 hours. The 25-year-old Chinese national, who has been to several Apple Stores in China, decided to fly to Singapore on May 23 for the opening. Advertisement Advertisement "I've been on standby here for more than 10 hours. No matter, I'm still excited (but) a little tired now," he told Channel NewsAsia. "Looking forward most to (getting a) Apple T-shirt and maybe I will buy something. Maybe some accessories."  Students Timothy Wang and Afreen Akbany were in the queue for more than 10 hours to be one of the first to enter Apple Orchard Road. (Photo: Tang See Kit)  Also in the line for more than 10 hours were Mr Timothy Wang and Ms Afreen Akbany, both 17-year-olds studying at ACS International. Mr Wang said the tech giant's retail outlets stand out for their great customer service and well-planned in-store designs. "I've been to several Apple stores in the US and in Hong Kong, but this is certainly prettier because this is in Singapore ... They have really good customer service too so I'm excited about finally having an Apple Store here." For 20-year-old Tim Shao from China, live trees taking up prominent spots within were what made the new store in Singapore unique. "The designs of all the Apple stores are uniformed so in terms of the layout, this is nothing special," he told Channel NewsAsia. "What's unique is the trees here and this is the Apple Store version 2 design that only started last year. This is not available in the US." Apple's senior vice president of retail Angela Ahrendts was seen at the opening of Apple Orchard Road on Saturday. (Photo: Tang See Kit) The two-storey Apple Orchard Road is also the first official Apple store in Southeast Asia. “Generally, Apple stores in Hong Kong, Tokyo and many other cities have turned out to be a destination retail space. Tourists as well as locals are often drawn to the stores to experience the offerings as well as to enjoy the new concepts,” said Mr Desmond Sim, head of CBRE Research for Singapore and Southeast Asia. “Hence, it is not surprising that this will also be the same for the first Singapore store.” Apple has nearly 500 stores in 20 countries worldwide and as of April, welcomes more than a million visitors a day. It expects the newly unveiled Singapore store, which it sees as a “modern-day town square”, to be one of its most popular around the world. Apart from having its core products like the iPhone on display prominently on the first level, the store will also be conducting free hands-on educational sessions on topics such as photography and coding. These sessions will be conducted in a space called the Forum on the second level, which is equipped with a large screen and break-out tables. Industry experts said the incorporation of activity-based and experiential-based concept stores is synonymous with brands such as Apple. It also serves as a strategy for brick-and-mortar retailers in their battle against e-commerce. “The business of retail is not only about pure transactions but it has a high experiential component that consumers yearn for and is drawn to. This is especially so for new technology for lifestyle,” said CBRE’s Mr Sim. “Not to mention that the business of retail is also a very visual business. Design of stores will attract crowds.” The crowd seen at the opening of Apple Orchard Road. (Photo: Tang See Kit) One unique design at the Singapore Apple Store that caught much attention was the two curved stone staircases, which drew inspiration from Apple’s new campus in Cupertino. Industry experts expect the Apple Orchard Road, which opened after many reported delays, to be a boost for Singapore’s prime shopping belt and neighbouring stores. Ms Christine Li, research director at Cushman & Wakefield, said: “Before Apple Store came to town, people could have been a bit bored of Orchard Road because there is little differentiation between Orchard Road and, say, a suburban shopping centre as people see more or less the same brands and retail offering. “I personally believe that Orchard Road is not dead, but it needs to be exciting and entertaining in order for locals and tourists to visit it repeatedly,” she added.  Source: CNA/sk Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Global Partners (GLP) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports International Paper (IP) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.19 EMCORE (EMKR) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds Segall Bryant & Hamill LLC Increases Stake in Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (HCSG) Segall Bryant & Hamill LLC Has $58.03 Million Stake in BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Aqua America Inc (WTR) Position Increased by Impax Asset Management LTD South Dakota Investment Council Has $6.26 Million Stake in Legg Mason Inc (LM) Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Shares Sold by South Dakota Investment Council Darling Ingredients Inc (DAR) Shares Bought by Impax Asset Management LTD IDEX Co. (IEX) Shares Bought by Impax Asset Management LTD Opus Investment Management Inc. Boosts Stake in B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Impax Asset Management LTD Has $35.87 Million Position in Lindsay Co. (LNN) KB Home (KBH) Shares Sold by South Dakota Investment Council Sentry Investment Management LLC Sells 799 Shares of E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Sentry Investment Management LLC Has $535,000 Stake in Envision Healthcare Co. (EVHC) Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Position Reduced by Sentry Investment Management LLC Sentry Investment Management LLC Has $449,000 Position in Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Craig Federighi Sells 64,500 Shares May 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) insider Craig Federighi sold 64,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $153.62, for a total value of $9,908,490.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 447,151 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $68,691,336.62. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded down 0.17% during trading on Friday, hitting $153.61. 21,927,637 shares of the company were exchanged. Apple Inc. has a 12 month low of $91.50 and a 12 month high of $156.65. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $147.91 and its 200 day moving average price is $130.91. The stock has a market cap of $800.90 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.02 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. The company had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. Apple had a net margin of 20.73% and a return on equity of 34.94%. On average, equities analysts predict that Apple Inc. will post $8.93 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th were given a $0.63 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.64%. This is an increase from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. Apple’s payout ratio is presently 27.31%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Craig Federighi Sells 64,500 Shares” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/26/apple-inc-aapl-insider-craig-federighi-sells-64500-shares.html. A number of analysts recently commented on the company. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Thursday. Cowen and Company reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $160.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Thursday. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Thursday. Longbow Research reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $162.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $170.00 price objective on Apple and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-three have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $157.06. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in Apple by 1.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 343,783,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $49,387,905,000 after buying an additional 6,237,609 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in Apple by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 219,739,579 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $25,450,260,000 after buying an additional 4,301,005 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its stake in Apple by 3.7% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 163,812,996 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $23,533,376,000 after buying an additional 5,830,423 shares during the last quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Apple by 6.9% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 54,540,368 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $7,824,791,000 after buying an additional 3,531,050 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank bought a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter valued at $5,625,709,000. 58.76% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment John Kheit 2 minute read May 26th, 2017 4:19 PM EDT | Devil's Advocate It’s a joke that the new MacBook Pro with a Touchbar is called a “Pro” machine. Perhaps Apple should call it the MacBook Exec or Edition. I won’t bother rehashing the many quibbles that others have already covered. Yet, once again, the punditry has failed to notice the biggest and most obvious flaw and are ranting about the wrong things. Let me rant about the right things for you. You’re welcome. The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a failure because you cannot upgrade its storage capacity. Ever. Why? Because the SSD is a soldered-in and non-upgradable boat anchor. A woman using Touch Bar on MacBook Pro While some may quibble with the 16GB RAM limit, at least there were technical limitations to that. Namely it was limited by the particular Intel chipset. Furthermore, nothing stops you from maxing out the RAM when you order the machine. Generally speaking, Apple lets you buy a Pro laptop with the maximum addressable RAM for its given chipset. However, that argument does not hold water with storage. The Touchbar MacBook Pro is limited to a paltry 2TB SSD. I have an old 2011 17” MacBook Pro with a 2TB SSD, and I can easily put in a 4TB SSD today, and 15TB in the not so distant future. Storage Size Matters for Pros The reality is, professional users need and use lots of storage, and those storage needs change with time. A pro machine needs to be adaptable. By limiting and freezing the machine to 2TB, Apple ensures that professionals who need more storage space need to look elsewhere. Further, it totally makes the machine a ‘disposable’ device for those that buy it today. Once they run out of space, for example, a year later, the only option is to get rid of the machine, and hope there is a new machine with more storage available. That’s nuts! There is no excuse for Apple making storage non-upgradable (other than greed or gross incompetence). They put an upgradeable SSD slot in the non-Touchbar, entry-level MacBook Pro. So whatever marginal idiot reason they trot out for not including it on Touchbar models is total BS. Talk to the hand; I don’t give a $#*%. The machine’s battery or thinness would not have been compromised in any serious way with the inclusion of the slot, again, as evinced by the entry level model. This storage lock-in has no business on any machine with a “Pro” moniker. It just further shows how heinously out of touch Apple has become with its core professional and creative user base. Let’s pray that Apple has woken up, and the next revision of its MacBook Pro will avoid this critical mistake. Otherwise, Apple will continue to bleed its pro users to companies that are not tone deaf to their needs. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, MacBook Pro, storage You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting 35 Comments Add a comment geoduck May 26, 2017 Yes! Thank You! We need to stand up and scream that the emperor has no clothes. Eventually Apple will get it. May 26, 2017 at 4:50 EDT PM vr8ce May 26, 2017 I completely agree with the premise — memory and storage should be upgradeable on any pro machine, because they both drop in price dramatically over a relatively short period of time. However, there are several problems with the article: 1. This is old news. Really, really old news. 2. No, you couldn’t put a 4TB SSD in a MBP right now. MBP’s don’t use SSD “drives,” and haven’t for quite some time. The 9-to-5 article you linked to even shows you a nice picture of the SSD chips. Which means there may, in fact, have been (and still be) “technical limitations” to the 2TB limit. I doubt it, but it’s possible. Regardless, what kind of SSD drives exist is immaterial for the MBP’s, because they don’t use them. 3. The idea that we would a) run out of room in a year, and b) throw out the machine when we did, is facile. I’m using a late 2013 MBP with only a half-terabyte SSD, and although I don’t have as much free space as I would like, it’s fine. And even if it wasn’t fine, I’d use my 1 TB SSD external drive for whatever I needed to do. (And if I didn’t have one, I’d buy one instead of throwing out a 2K+ machine.) If you want to make a stink about non-upgradable storage, do it when it’s actually news, and don’t make up nonsense in a sad attempt to bolster your case. The case doesn’t need any bolstering, it stands on its own. May 26, 2017 at 4:54 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 @vr8ce So what that the MBP doesn’t use a 2.5″ ‘drive’ the same SSD chips in those drives can and are easily adapted to the stick format used by apple. OWC provides a 3rd party SSD adapted to use with such a slot in the trashcan mac pro, see here: https://eshop.macsales.com/item/OWC/SSDA13MP4.0K/ Or OWC’s upgrade options for even your 2013 MBP via stick: https://eshop.macsales.com/shop/ssd/owc/macbook-pro-retina-display/2013-2014-2015 Agreed, it is old news. However, as much bitching as I heard about the 16GB limit, which is a bunch of noise IMO, I really haven’t heard complaints about how this renders the machine disposable. Your comments actually support my pointing attention to this. Now I’m glad for you working on a machine stiffed at it’s storage limit is something you can live with, but for many professionals, this isn’t a ‘fine’ situation at all. And frankly is an unacceptable set of circumstances. And for those that need the expanded storage now or in the future, this is a problem, because for their needs, it will require a machine swap rather than just getting because for many, dangling a brick SSD off their ULTRA LIGHT TINY LIGHT LAPTOP is a bit of an anathema. As always, YMMV May 26, 2017 at 5:41 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 26, 2017 Perhpas what Apple needs a is portable MacBook Pro which is pretty much the current form factor and then a luggable MacBook Pro+ that is thick enough for user replacable hard drives and has more ports than the Hanseatic League May 26, 2017 at 5:58 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 Maybe Lee. But the lower end non-touchbar MacBook Pro has a slot for upgrading the SSD, so it really wouldn’t be difficult or cause any extra thickness to put it into the Touchbar model. And I think you may be right and why I think maybe call the Touchbar MacBook the MacBook Executive, or MacBook Edition, and come out with a MacBook Pro that has a bit more expansion and interoperability in mind. Still, it’s wacky that the would put the upgrade slot in the entry level MacBook Pro, but not in the Touchbar model. Weird. May 26, 2017 at 6:16 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 26, 2017 John, would the circuitry for the touchbar take up too much space? I wouldn’t think so, not these days, but I suppose that it is possible. With faster WiFi and cellular data then the storage for big files could be in the cloud or on a server via FTP. May 26, 2017 at 6:26 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 Lee. I suspect the touch at does have a bit of circuitry, but I don’t buy that the delta in size is that vast because the entry level MacBook Pro fits in the slot just fine. Any marginal difference in thickness could easily have been accommodated on the chassis being a touch thicker. Probably less than a millimeter difference. Don’t get me started on the cloud , but for creative pros with big heavy files, they need super fast SSD speed (e.g. For videos etc), so the cloud won’t cut it for real pros. For executives and “edition” fashion conscious, that might be more predictable an option. As always, ymmv May 26, 2017 at 6:58 EDT PM belmikey May 26, 2017 I am a professional — a software engineer, in fact. Maybe it’s a failure of imagination, but I cannot actually envision ever needing more than ONE TB of actual, on-board storage, on a portable device. The reason for this is really very simple: no matter how well built it is (and sadly build-quality is not what it used to be, but that’s a different rant, because as I say here, it wouldn’t matter), a portable device is, by its very nature, much more liable than a stationary one to take damage. As such, I am not going to keep anything on its internal drive that I don’t actually need RIGHT NOW for my work. And then, I’m going to back it up at least two different ways to the cloud, and then also to some external drive. And anything I don’t actually need for my work is going to live in cloud storage or on an external drive. Because no matter how well built it is, ALL portable devices ought to be treated as disposable. Let me say that again: all portable devices are disposable. Your phone, your laptop, your tablet? Disposable. It’s your data that’s not disposable. And if you’re keeping it all on one large drive on a portable device? You’re pretty much asking for it to eventually suffer an unrecoverable catastrophe. May 26, 2017 at 7:24 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 Ok belmikey, but you can imagine a creative professional, say video user needing more, right? Or are you subscribing to the old bill gates schoo,, of why would anyone ever need more than 640k of memory? And you’re changing the goal post playing semantics, by that token, your home is disposable. The point is many professionals need or will need more storage a year or two after buying the laptop, and won’t be able to upgrade a “professional” machine. That’s a problem. Not for you? Ok, the person that uses pages.app on their iPad thinks that’s plenty machine for their “professional writing/editing” and therefor, programmers like you should get with their program and be fine with iPad power. The professional tarp is broader than just programmers or any one sector, and as such, those machines need to be more, not less adaptable. Storage adaptability goes hand and hand with that. Apple ignored this in their disaster its trashcan Mac and had to do an embarrassing mea culpa because so many pros are abandoning the platform. Being tone deaf to their needs just because it works for some, is exactly how they got lead into the dead end thermal corner with the Mac Pro. I posit, they should avoid repeating the G4 cube/trashcan Mac Pro debacle with their pro laptops, and limiting primary mass storage options is doing just that. As always, ymmv May 26, 2017 at 7:45 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 26, 2017 There is talk of an update and perhaps they will greatly increase the RAM and storage. I was all set to buy one, my reward for meeting a weight loss goal. Instead I decided to put the money into some home improvements and limp along with my 2011 MacBook Pro. That was the basis for my luggable statement, my MBP is a beast compared to the newer models and I almost never use the built in optical drive. A thin and trim MBP to go with my thin and trim body. May 26, 2017 at 8:02 EDT PM BradMacPro May 26, 2017 I’m sure Apple would would tell you a Thunderbolt 3 connected external SSD or array of SSDs would be fast enough to handle data storage needs exceeding the internal capacity. May 26, 2017 at 8:58 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 @BradMacPro. Hehe. That argument worked out great for the trashcan Mac Pro: https://www.macobserver.com/tmo/article/the-new-mac-pro-is-a-failure May 26, 2017 at 9:22 EDT PM furbies May 26, 2017 I’m with you Mr Kheit And the other thing about the “fixed” SSD ? Repairability: If either the SSD or the Logic Board fails ? Dead SSD ? Just hope you have a backup ! Dead Logic Board ? Just hope you have a backup ! In either case ? Be prepared to buy a new laptop…… 🙁 May 26, 2017 at 10:19 EDT PM vr8ce May 27, 2017 You said you could drop a 4TB SSD drive in MBP right now, and you linked to an SSD drive. You can’t put that drive in a MBP. When called out on your inaccurate reporting, you link to OWC, whose chips on that page max out at 1 TB, or in other words half the capacity of the Touch, not double it. So, again, bad reporting. If you’re going to claim Apple could have put 4 TB of space in the MBP last year when they introduced it, then by all means provide a link to an actual shipping product that can actually be used in the MBP. Otherwise, you’re just a noise-maker. And you know even less than you appear to if you think hanging a “brick” off a MBP is necessary to get extra storage. Several companies make barely over thumb-sized SSD drives these days, including Samsung (one of which I have) and Sandisk (which I do not). The memory limit on the Touch is every bit as bad as the storage requirement, for all the same reasons. I have 16GB on a four-year old MBP; it’s unconscionable to still have that limit four years later. It may not be a big deal to you, but it is to others. Just as storage appears to be to you and isn’t to others. I agreed with the premise from the first — the non upgradability of memory and storage in the Touch is absolutely a failing of the product line, and of Apple to not recognize it as such. But outside that, the article is a bunch of noise and non-facts and a full year too late. May 27, 2017 at 2:45 EDT AM John Kheit May 27, 2017 You said you could drop a 4TB SSD drive in MBP right now, and you linked to an SSD drive. You can’t put that drive in a MBP. When called out on your inaccurate reporting, you link to OWC, whose chips on that page max out at 1 TB, or in other words half the capacity of the Touch, not double it. So, again, bad reporting. Um, I said you can put in a 4tb in the 2011 MBP and linked to the drive. And that’s in the article. And my rejoinder to you said that so what that the 2.5″ format isn’t usable because you can adapt an SSD stick to have that 4TB and showed you that OWC has done so with the Mac Pro, a machine that Apple never provided upgraded storage space. So bad reading. If you’re going to claim Apple could have put 4 TB of space in the MBP last year when they introduced it, then by all means provide a link to an actual shipping product that can actually be used in the MBP. Otherwise, you’re just a noise-maker. Way to move the goal posts. I didn’t make such claim. I pointed out that 4TB drives are currently available for the 2011 MBP and the point here is you can never upgrade the Touchbar MBP, so again, nice sophistry, not. And you know even less than you appear to if you think hanging a “brick” off a MBP is necessary to get extra storage. Several companies make barely over thumb-sized SSD drives these days, including Samsung (one of which I have) and Sandisk (which I do not)., Lol, yea, a small brick/wart. If you think that’s winning an argument, I’m happy you’re pleasing yourself in your own mind. But it’s errata. The memory limit on the Touch is every bit as bad as the storage requirement, for all the same reasons. I have 16GB on a four-year old MBP; it’s unconscionable to still have that limit four years later. It may not be a big deal to you, but it is to others. Just as storage appears to be to you and isn’t to others. Well at least this limit seems to be one dictated by Intel’s chipset’s inability to address more than that. And as long as Apple allows you to max addressable memory from the get-go, it’s better than nothing. Meaning, even if Apple put in a slot, and the chipset simply couldn’t address more than 16GB, it’s somewhat moot. That said, I too would prefer upgradeable RAM. I agreed with the premise from the first — the non upgradability of memory and storage in the Touch is absolutely a failing of the product line, and of Apple to not recognize it as such. But outside that, the article is a bunch of noise and non-facts and a full year too late.. I feel your comments earn even fewer stars. So enjoy that noise. 😀 May 27, 2017 at 4:05 EDT AM rg May 27, 2017 Trying to make a case that all “professional” users need replaceable disks is absurd. There is a small sub-set of users who will run out of space but they are a tiny fraction of all “professional” users. This is ridiculous (and quite offensive) self-importance by a tiny minority. Most “professional” users, who rely on their laptop to earn their living, are not going to run out of space. More likely that many “amateur” users who want to download and/or rip movies for fun will run out of space. I have been a “professional” user for well over 20 years and will never run out of space before I need to replace a laptop for other reasons, even though I totally depend on my MBP for my work. Every day. But wait there’s more. The argument is basically “we used to be able to do this so we are going to fight for it at any cost” I am old enough to remember the launch of the first PCs in the 1970s, and the incredible robust metal chassis and keyboard designed for 20 years use. And the matching unaffordable price. They were for “professional” users only and totally out of budget for anyone else. No-one would seriously expect a laptop or a phone to use a chassis and wiring that is totally replaceable and designed for a 20 year life any more. But we did, 40 years ago. I’m old enough to remember the kicking and screaming when for the first time each individual integrated circuit was direct soldered to the motherboard instead of in its own socket. Every time a company pushes the envelope we are told why it is a bad idea. Upgradeability and even repairability are not unlimited benefits – they have significant costs too. Far more cost than the price of the little socket. Unity design, without individual item focus, is a whole new design envelope that most people don’t understand because they only look backwards – the argument is a 1980’s argument. There is no problem about upgrading – never has been – but the way to do it is different and you have to learn to think in new ways. For some people new thinking simply isn’t going to be possible. The new way to upgrade is to change the hardware, and then transfer across all the software. All the hardware. If you are a “professional” user then when you run out of disk space you will also be wanting to replace the keyboard, perhaps upgrade ports, video capability etc. First thing to fail for me is usually the keyboard. If your old machine is still in good shape you sell it on Gazelle or a similar service. And finally – if you are indeed a “professional” earning your living with your tools then (a) you will value your tools and (b) the cost of a new laptop is simply not relevant. Equivalent to just a few minutes saved per day – a $2000 tool used daily for two years is costing you about $5 per working day – even before the tax breaks. If you can’t do even the basic cost-benefit calculation then do you really have the skills and attitude of a “professional” ? I don’t expect my devices to be upgradeable or repairable beyond common issues like a cracked screen on the phone. It simply is not a universally good use of resources – including design cost, manufacturing cost, total environmental impact, etc. Welcome to the future. Sell your old hardware and move on. The computer is the software and data, the hardware that surrounds them is replaceable. Russell May 27, 2017 at 4:17 EDT AM Jamie May 27, 2017 With all due respect, Russell, we are hardly a ‘small minority’ of pro users. The specs and limitations on this particular machine are just not appropriate for users whose needs will likely vacillate multiple times within the space of a *single* year, no one is going to shell out for multiple machines multiple times within that short of a time frame. We aren’t talking about programmers or people making spreadsheets, here. Though if you feel your needs are met, more power to you, your view really just comes off as sounding insular. It’s understandable that something as micro-engineered as a phone or small wearable would require specialized servicing. That logic doesn’t hold for something like this. To a professional a work machine is more than a pretty ‘appliance’. The Macbook Pro doesn’t make any more sense than the Trash Can Pro did in these terms. Apple can and should do better. May 27, 2017 at 12:15 EDT PM skywatcher May 27, 2017 Vr8ce is right! Much of the critique is old news and the market has gone way past it! Yet, it would be good to have upgradable drives, RAM, and replaceable batteries– and keyboards. One spill and you’re in deep trouble. In any case,, one thing we found offensive was the caption “A woman using Touch Bar on MacBook Pro” Weird! Just plain irrelevant. Just curious. Have you all ever run a caption for a photo: “A man using Touch Bar on MacBook Pro” or “A man using an iPad” or anything else?! LOL! 😎 May 27, 2017 at 2:04 EDT PM John Kheit May 27, 2017 @RG, sure, i made the case for “all” professionals. I might find your comments reasonable if they just weren’t so provably lame. Apple tried to limit Pro users with the Cube and the trashcan mac, both met with disaster. Particularly the trashcan mac, which was plagued with needing a rats nest of external storage (and heck, that wasn’t even a portable machine), and so lame that Apple had to have a press conference basically to acknowledge what a disaster that design is. So since you’re sure that closed approach will definitely work for sure this time, you know, trying the same thing over and over and expecting results different than pros abandoning the mac, we can leave it at we disagree. @skywatcher, Thanks for demonstrating with rare clarity, just how much you missed the point. As always, YMMV. Cheers! 😀 May 27, 2017 at 5:01 EDT PM Rick Allen May 27, 2017 Semantics aside. There is no excuse for the hubris of Apple offering disposable machines to Pro users. I still have a 2010 Mac Pro (My second one as I made mistake of selling first one). This is the best machine Apple ever made. I have upgraded it many times and am going to keep upgrading it. I have PCI/E SSD boot drive, Modern AC networking, USB 3 card and a modern NVidia GPU. The real failing of the “Pro” line of Mac computers is the anathema of Apple to use standard or even custom parts that can be swapped out and upgraded. I want a workhorse machine that has enough upgradability and longevity to make it last for years. I don’t want the new anorexic MacBook Pro with keyboard that has many failures. They tried to get too cute and artsy with that machine and it does not have battery life, a keyboard prone to failure and no upgrade path. I have a 2012 I7 maxed out MacBook pro and I won’t buy another one if this is what Apple is going to put out. May 27, 2017 at 5:48 EDT PM mick May 27, 2017 I can’t believe all of those dinosaurs on here, including the author, complaining about a lack of storage on their portable devices. Seriously? What kind of professional user works permanently disconnected? All of those creative content pros that sit in the park working on 15Tb project files – those ones? What a load of rubbish. Just because you joined the industry long before cloud storage, wireless networks, or even wired networks were around, doesn’t mean that vendors should support your old habits. Keeping all your files on a portable device is the most ridiculous concept in 2017 – not to mention a security and productivity risk to your organisation. Lose the laptop and lose all your work. My colleagues and I all use the current 15″ MBP with 1Tb SSD. None of us come anywhere near using all of that and many of them are working on large media files. I’m sure there are professionals working on much larger projects, but why they would require storing all their work on a single device which can be stolen or damaged is a mystery. Secure your work on the server. Invest in decent broadband. I can’t believe the number of articles I read on on Mac sites that complain about the direction Apple is going in. Go buy a PC or keep your outdated gripes to yourself. May 27, 2017 at 8:00 EDT PM John Kheit May 27, 2017 I’m sure you and your “colleagues” are busy making very very high quality and sassy gifs, but those creative that work with more than that, might need a bit more storage for say their video needs. You know mick, if Apple had read this article: https://www.macobserver.com/tmo/article/the-new-mac-pro-is-a-failure They might have avoided the embarrassment of this: https://www.macrumors.com/2017/04/06/mac-pro-interview-full-transcript/ Enjoy your 1TB drive, who could ever want more than that, or 640K 🙄 Bill Gates approves. May 27, 2017 at 8:16 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 27, 2017 Professionals come in a number of models and configurations. It would help if when referring to yourself if you would say writer, illustrator, video editor, journalist, photographer, or whatever. May 27, 2017 at 8:40 EDT PM Jayme Capurso May 27, 2017 “Go buy a PC or keep your outdated gripes to yourself.” And that is exactly what many long term mac users have done or are considering doing and many of them are speaking out in the hope Apple will hear them somehow from with their arrogance vacuum! You and Apple can spin it however you like, modular offers more options than a closed design, more options will suit the needs of more people which means more sales. Apple has forgotten their own mantra ‘form follows function’ and now its ‘form over function’. Or rather ‘Profits over function’ which given Tim (bean counter) Cook is trying to fill visionary shoes is not in the least surprising! I predict a new player will enter the market to serve the users Apple once did and that will make Apple and this conversation irrelevant! May 27, 2017 at 9:08 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 27, 2017 It isn’t like Apple is struggling financially with the products that they are offering. if the “professionals” left how much would hurt Apple’s bottom line. May 27, 2017 at 9:38 EDT PM John Kheit May 28, 2017 Lee. True, financially they are doing great. And if the Pros left, I think it would affect probably less than 1% of their revenue, if that…at least initially. However, I think it’s good to remember that John Scully had record revenues in the years after firing Steve Jobs. Scully was coasting off Steve Job’s work before the bottom fell out and the company almost went under. Just because the financials today are good, doesn’t mean they will be good in another 5-10 years. And I guarantee you, if a sizable number of creative/pro’s leave, they will have an outsized impact on others, over time. Pros affect way more sales and influence in far greater numbers than direct sales to that segment would suggest, IMO. May 28, 2017 at 2:06 EDT AM Michael Siever May 28, 2017 Aside from their apparel, Steve Jobs and Tim Cook couldn’t be less polar opposites of each other. From what I’ve heard about Steve Jobs, he was a major jerk towards his employees, but man, was he a visionary! Tim Cook I have heard is super nice to his employees, but boy howdy, does he stink as a businessman! The only reason that could possibly explain why he hasn’t been ousted yet by the shareholders is because he *is* the majority shareholder. Between the removal of the SD card port on the latest MBP iterations, the non-removable SSDs on the higher tier MBP models, the decision to go with all USB-C ports on the MBP just after the most recent iPhone refresh was released with lightning port and not USB-C, the removal of the 3.5 mm headphone jack on the latest iPhone, and the lack of touchscreen capabilities on any of their MacOS-based computers, if Tim Cook’s Apple is trying to be pioneers like Steve Jobs’ Apple, they’ve clearly strayed far away from the trail as of right now. May 28, 2017 at 2:57 EDT AM mick May 28, 2017 Then scurry off to buy your big professional Windows laptops with lots of local storage then. You never answered why you need so much storage on a portable device. I’m all ears. What special projects are you working on that you need to store more than 1Tb LOCALLY? Do you not have a corporate SAN? Can you not afford a NAS box? Is your broadband slow and flakey? Do you do your remote work in a McDonalds? I am genuinely interested in what kind of work you do that requires you to keep that much with you when you are disconnected. This has nothing to do with the Bill Gates quote concerning 640K. We all work with large datasets and massive media files – we just do it while connected where the files are secure and backed up. The world has moved on. You might have heard of cloud computing? Maybe not I suspect it has nothing to do with reality. You all just love to pretend that apple used to be this or that and you were there when it was cool to be a rebel. Sorry those days are over. Apple are dead mainstream these days. Professionals choose the tools they need for the job – primarily MacBooks and azure cloud solutions in our case. We don’t care who the vendor is. We are reasonably new to mac and our staff are happy with the choice. Sorry to interrupt your circle jerk. Please continue to use Apple forums to bag out the company you used to love so much May 28, 2017 at 3:36 EDT AM Lee Dronick May 28, 2017 I am genuinely interested in what kind of work you do that requires you to keep that much with you when you are disconnected. Mick that was the basis for my comment about identifying ourselves as what professional field. Someone writing literature is going to have different portable computing needs than someone working in video. Even then I would rather do extensive work at a desktop than at “portable location” even if I had a portable hooked to an external monitor and keyboard. I used to work in graphic arts, these days I mostly yell at the kids on my lawn and turn off lights in empty rooms (HUE and HomeKit help with that). I want a new MacBook, be it a pro model or less, to get out of the house and play around. I have a 2011 MBP, but it is getting slow and I very much like the Touchbar It has been quite a while since I have seen this many comments on a MacObserver story which is a good thing. We used to get email notifications when there was a comment and that helped keep the conversation going, but that seems to no longer work. Do I need to change a setting or something? May 28, 2017 at 10:37 EDT AM lemon4611 May 28, 2017 Apple has taken the closed system to a perverted level. Hard drives, ram and video cards should be expandable. By forcing one to only be able to upgrade at the time of purchase with only Apple making the upgrade is not just greedy it will prove fatal for Apple. Cook has damaged Apple’s integrity with some decisions that Jobs would have had nothing but contempt for. El Captain and Sierra show that Apple is ending it’s relationship with the customer base that has been loyal from day one. Cook’s team has degraded the hardware, can’t release any OS on any platform that isn’t half assed at best. For profits sake only the hardware prices stay high while the technology used lags far behind. Apple will soon burst their own bubble as they condition us to move away to competitive offerings even if it means giving up the “at present” edge it has with the App store and developers. Developers will migrate with the customer. When your computing needs are not based on current trends then Linux opens all of the doors Apple is shutting. Sorry Apple but you have become the definition of hypocrisy as you mix business with politics, play both sides of the field and gouge the masses with products that no longer pass the Jobs Test. Mac pro / Newton Apple Watch / newton MacBook Pro / Newton …….. May 28, 2017 at 12:54 EDT PM John Kheit May 28, 2017 @Mick, I need more than 1TB because I do more than work with GIFs. I did give you one. Video professionals, when they composite video they work on while traveling will frequently need well over 1TB of video, and the more storage they have, the better. Non local storage tends to be too slow, or counter to the purpose of a small svelte laptop. Again, your arguments of 1TB should be enough for anyone not only fly in the fact of reality for many creative professionals, they go down in the pantheon of super great ideologies like ‘640k should be enough for anyone’—bill gates. The cloud doesn’t cut it for applications where you need super fast local access, and those are many for professionals, and video work is one such creative field. And being attached to a san while you travel is not a realistic luggable option. The reality is that professionals are leaving the mac in significant numbers precisely due to it’s lack of expandability with regard to the mac pro. Now apple is making that same mistake with the MacBook pro. May 28, 2017 at 1:13 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 29, 2017 The reality is that professionals are leaving the mac in significant numbers Can you give us any links to studies on that? May 29, 2017 at 9:07 EDT AM Macsee May 29, 2017 Apple should release new Mac models every year, as done with iOS gadgets. Macs should have standard connectors allowing upgradable components, including SSD, RAM, CPU and GPU. And last but not least, Apple should not charge two to three times more for the very same component when compared to resellers like Amazon. May 29, 2017 at 1:04 EDT PM joe297 May 29, 2017 Agreed John! And a sincere Thank You Mr. Kheit for having the courage to point it out and defend your position! The unexpectedly large number of complaints about the new models seem like background noise by comparison. Why? Tho not ideal, you can workaround most with a few dongles or extra power supply. But the soldered-in SSD is the only one that truly limits the usefulness & useful life of the machine! Cloud Storage isn’t a cure-all: I’m an engineer & programmer. Most of my customer sites are government, pharmaceutical, military, & health care. These generally aren’t supportive of Cloud Storage. It may be viable for other professions. But it assumes: 1- Cloud access is always available. 2- Cloud file transfer speeds are always fast enough to be practical. 3- You’re permitted to store customer database files in the cloud. 4- You’re allowed to use a USB stick from a computer with cloud access. 5- Your cloud solution is safe from hackers at HIPAA or gov’t levels. 6- The time needed to upload local files, delete local files to free space, download needed cloud files, etc is fast enough to justify the smaller storage. Yes I could’ve said “file management” but think about what that actually means with multiple sites, large databases, & downtime. Go PC as a post suggested: I’ve been a huge Mac fan since Steve Jobs triumphant return to Apple in the late 90s. I bought my 1st Mac in 2000 and have owned many since. Many of my customers (schools, universities) use both Mac & PC. So it helps to be familiar with our products on both platforms. I use Parallels Desktop on my 2012 15” MacBook Pro Retina to run several Windows VMs. If I wanted to use a PC notebook I certainly could. But only if I have no recourse. Budget concerns: I have a limited budget & can’t buy top of the line. Add to that management & IT Dept pushing for less expensive PC notebooks with the same or higher specs. The way I convinced them with my 2012 15” Retina MacBook Pro was to request the entry model; knowing I could upgrade storage later if needed. It still cost a bit more than a similar spec PC notebook of its day. But not terribly so. Entry models: My 2012 15” Retina entry model vs the latest: 2012: 256GB SSD, 8GB RAM, 1GB Nvidia, 2.3GHz i7, $2000 2016: 256GB SSD, 16GB RAM, 2GB Radeon, 2.6GHz i7, $2400 5 years on and the 15″ entry model is still 256GB SSD storage?! No, I don’t have fewer customers, I have more. Their jobsites & databases have grown, not shrunk. 512GB would be more appropriate given the other increases. The 2012 entry model storage can be upgraded both internally and via slower, flush mount, SD card storage. But the 2016 15” entry model does away with both solutions. Bottom line: I’m holding out hope that Apple will offer a 15” entry model with a larger, upgradeable (non-soldered in) SSD. If it means giving up the Touchbar as with the 13” entry model, that seems a fair trade. May 29, 2017 at 3:41 EDT PM John Kheit May 30, 2017 @Lee. I do not know of any studies, and I don’t think Apple breaks out numbers on individual models much less groups of buyers. As far as I know I’m the only one that’s done some investigation on this. I have been in the MacRumors Mac Pro forums for years and years and noticed that many of the die-hard mac pros were leaving. In 2 of my articles I cite to the threads where mac pros were leaving and you can see some excerpts in those articles from the threads or read through the threads yourself: https://www.macobserver.com/tmo/article/apples-failure-to-scale/page2 https://www.macobserver.com/tmo/article/the-new-mac-pro-is-a-failure/page3 There was also a poll about how successful or not the trashcan Mac Pro was to such pro users, and it was quite ugly a result considering how ‘pro’ the users were towards apple in years past: https://forums.macrumors.com/threads/is-the-new-mac-pro-a-failure.1939541/ Then there was this poll if pro users though apple was abandoning the pro market, also with an ugly result: https://forums.macrumors.com/threads/more-evidence-apple-is-abandoning-the-pro-market.1953013/ Worse yet, since then I did a little more investigation and found pro users leaving in even higher numbers, and that the mac ecosystem really breaks down quite fast for pros. We discussed it on the pop.0 podcast here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEFdvgcudpE There were numerous other threads I’ve seen there over time, and I don’t remember them all, but the vibe has been growing from a small murmur as early as 2010/11 to a roar around 2015… https://forums.macrumors.com/threads/why-apple-now-sucks-for-creative-mac-users.1768458/ May 30, 2017 at 1:32 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 17864 John Kheit columns-opinions 35 1495815586 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → Leaked Memo Pegs iPhone 8 Launch After September 17 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 2 minute read May 26th, 2017 3:42 PM EDT | News An apparent leaked memo for AppleCare advisors and leaders restricts time off between September 17th and November 4th, hinting that the iPhone 7s, iPhone 7s Plus, and iPhone 8 will be released during that window. The vacation blackout window generally fits with Apple’s typical iPhone release cycle, but the actual dates seem odd, so we’re taking this memo with a big grain of salt. Apple employee time off blackout memo fits with iPhone 8 September launch The memo comes from Benjamin Geskin who has been fairly prolific with iPhone 8-related leaks over the past few weeks. Here’s the memo: The upcoming months are going to be very exciting for all of us and for our customers! As you know, there are new product announcements and launches in September. In anticipation of the upcoming events and the corresponding heightened call volume expected, we will be increasing our stall across all of our programs over the summer. In order to support our client during this very important time of year, we will be implementing Black Out Days in all AppleCare programs for Advisors and Leaders. The upcoming black out dates will be September 17 through November 4. Keep in mind that these dates are subject to change as our support volume expectations fluctuate. We will keep you advised of any black-out date changes and additions as soon as we are made aware of new initiatives. What are Black Out Days? Black Out Days are days in which we expect call volume to be at the highest, and we need all hands on deck. Advisors and Leaders will be restricted from requesting days off for Paid Time Off (PTO) and Unpaid Time Off. It is extremely important that everyone works their assigned scheduled days during this period – absences are unacceptable. Once you get past the “client” reference—which could imply contractors working as part of the AppleCare team, or an english as a second language reference to customers—the black out window dates are just weird. They start on a Sunday, and run through the entire month of October. Typically, Apple’s iPhone launch time off black outs run about two weeks from the device’s release, and they historically start on weekdays. What we can say for sure is that previous iPhone launches have come in September, and Apple employees are prohibited from taking time off for a couple weeks after to deal with new user questions and problems. This memo, legit or not, generally fits with that pattern, but until we see more proof to back it up we aren’t going to ink those dates in on our calendar. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: AppleCare+, black out days, iPhone 8, leak You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting One Comment Add a comment geoduck May 26, 2017 Maybe its a staged rollout. The 7s on the 19th of September. Then about three weeks later the 8. And then a couple of weeks to let the dust settle. May 26, 2017 at 6:17 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 17849 Jeff Gamet news 1 1495813352 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 2 minute read May 26th, 2017 6:39 PM EDT | The Back Page Apple is working on a custom chip that would handle AI-related tasks on its devices, according to Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman. Such a chip could give Apple a significant leg up deploying device-centric-AI, and if it succeeds, few of its competitors could respond. The chip is known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, according to Bloomberg’s unnamed sources. The story doesn’t include a target date, or even how far along the project is. The chip, “would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition,” according to the piece. But let’s talk about why this is important, because that’s a lot more fun. The Whole AI Widget Apple was dismissed as a serious chip maker when reports first surfaced the company was developing its own ARM chip for iPhones. It turns out Apple is really, really good at chip design. No small part of that is rooted in the fact that Apple can custom design both the hardware and the software to meet its exact needs. Apple also has enough volume that it can have these chips made cost effectively. No other company can do this in today’s tech landscape. That’s been huge in the smartphone business, and it could be just as huge in the device-centric AI space. Areas where Apple can focus this chip include security, processing power, and battery efficiency. All three are incredibly important, and no company can match Apple on this because Apple controls the whole widget. Device-Centric AI vs. Cloud AI Apple’s competitors are relying on the cloud for AI-related processing. That’s great in terms of throwing processors at the AI problem, but it carries significant compromises in terms of security and privacy. Amazon’s and Google’s home wiretap devices listen in on you, the product’s, lives. Those devices then send data to those company’s cloud servers, and Big Brother smiles in delight. Apple handles as much as it can local to your device, keeping the data is needs to know about you, the customer, with you. It sends only anonymized data to its servers using differential privacy, improving your personal privacy. Apple currently does a lot of this processing with its A-series of processors and the powerful GPUs on each device. A powerful, dedicated AI chip might allow Apple to do even more processing local to your device, increasing the company’s privacy edge. Apple could also use a custom AI chip to make its devices all that more power efficient. The company already does a lot by turning off components for even microseconds when they’re not being used. A custom chip will further Apple’s control over what’s used when. For each task an appropriate processor—it’s a power-maniac’s wet dream. Apple’s Long AI Game Apple has been playing a long game with AI. That long game has allowed Amazon’s AI shortcut, Alexa, to gain a foothold, but developments like a dedicated AI chip would give Apple a significant edge. It’s possible nothing will come of the Apple Neural Engine—the company routinely kills projects for a variety of reasons. I hope, however, that Mr. Gurman’s sources have it right and that Apple is able to bring this chip to an Apple device near me. Device-centric AI benefits us all. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: AI, Apple, Apple Chip Design You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting 2 Comments Add a comment ibuck May 27, 2017 As frustrated as I sometimes get with Apple’s voice recognition, I hope you’re right, Bryan. I’m hoping Apple will give us a decent improvement in capability & accuracy soon (June?) with voice recognition at least, with AI (Siri) not far behind. May 27, 2017 at 1:05 EDT AM Dean Lewis May 28, 2017 This is good insight. The long game is critical, especially so Apple can stick as much to it’s security promises as possible. I hear a lot of negativity about Siri, and I try to point out this long game myself. Particularly I point to this article from last year that interviews three of Apple’s high muckymucks and really goes into their ideas of where they are going. This chip appears to be another part of that strategy. https://backchannel.com/an-exclusive-look-at-how-ai-and-machine-learning-work-at-apple-8dbfb131932b May 28, 2017 at 12:30 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 17890 Bryan Chaffin columns-opinions 2 1495823950 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS US Edition News Reviews Insights TechRadar Laptops/PCs Printers Hardware Software Mobile Working Security Networks Data Centre VPN Hands on: Voyo VMac Mini PC review A rival to the Mac Mini, you say? Not yet rated By Desire Athow PC & Mac  Shares What is a hands on review? Our Early Verdict If you can live with a relatively noisy computer, then Voyo’s VMac Mini may well be the compact PC you’re waiting for given its superb hardware configuration. For Great value for money Superb design Support for 2.5-inch HDD Fast M.2 SSD Against No Wi-Fi out of the box Review unit was noisy Windows 10 already registered 4K support at 29Hz only You can’t fault Voyo for trying its best: the Chinese company is attempting to differentiate itself from the constellation of other PC makers out there, unveiling the Voyo VMac Mini PC earlier this year. The name is obviously a crystal clear reference to Apple’s popular Mac Mini. Not that Voyo’s PC looks like Apple’s box of tricks. The VMac is smaller at 120 x 120 x 27mm and is available in metallic blue, aurora silver, ‘luxury’ gold or champagne gold colours, not just the standard silver aluminium look.  This isn’t Voyo’s first attempt to create a different mini PC, either. Last year’s Voyo V3 left a lasting impression: hardly bigger than a CD box, it packed some serious punch for the price and had only minor issues. Online Chinese retailer, Geekbuying, sent us a sample for review and sells the VMac Mini for £181 (or $233). Note that, while this price includes delivery, it is exclusive of any taxes that may be levied by HMRC or the courier companies on behalf of the vendor. Want to buy tech from online Chinese retailers? Read this first. The VMac Mini has, therefore, a lot to live up to – the 1-litre chassis of the computer is entirely made of metal and acts as a heatsink to dissipate extra heat (more on that later). There’s a Voyo logo on top with the obligatory Intel Inside sticker, four rubber feet on the bottom, with a power button on one side (plus a white status LED), and on the opposite side are all the connectors: three USB 3.0 ports, an audio socket, a mini-HDMI connector, a microSD card slot, a GbE LAN port and the power supply socket. We’re pleasantly surprised by the choice of ports provided by the device. There’s no USB 2.0 (for a change), a microSD reader (which removes the need for a connector) and a fast Ethernet port. It’s only a shame about the proprietary PSU port. The VMac Mini uses a 36W (12v, 3A) power supply unit, a higher than expected wattage that’s explained by the components found inside the device. At its heart is an Intel Pentium N4200, an Apollo Lake CPU with four cores, four threads, a TDP of 6W, a base clock frequency of 1.1GHz and a burst frequency of 2.5GHz. It also has 2MB of L2 cache and integrated Intel HD Graphics 505, clocked between 200MHz and 750MHz, with 18 execution units. Roughly speaking it’s a souped-up version of the Core M-5Y51 – the CPU found in the amazing Lenovo Yoga 3 Pro – with twice the core count but half the cache. It is worth noting that while the graphics can run 4K at 60Hz, we could only manage 4K at 29Hz on our test PC. The VMac’s CPU is actively cooled by a fan that has a rather high variable pitch and was active for most of the duration of our hands-on review. It was distracting to say the least, and there didn’t seem to be any way of mitigating that irritating whir. Next to the processor is a single 4GB DDR3 RAM module, which can be expanded to 8GB. Sadly, although the N4200 supports two memory channels, there’s only one DIMM slot. What sets apart the VMac Mini from the rest of the competition, and explains the high wattage PSU, is the fact that this mini PC can take a laptop drive (2.5-inch SATA) in addition to the 128GB M.2 2280 SSD and the embedded 32GB eMMC flash storage. Still, we don’t understand the logic of having eMMC flash storage in addition to the SSD – although it does open the way for multiple SKUs (one with flash memory only, one with SSD and flash, and the other with SSD and hard disk drive). The device ran a licensed version of Windows 10 Home which we found to be already registered, a common practice among Chinese manufacturers and something we neither condone nor encourage. The PC logged straight into desktop mode without asking for a password. Unfortunately we couldn’t get Wi-Fi to work at all on the VMac Mini. This is likely to be down to a defective component rather than Windows itself as Bluetooth – which is usually serviced by the same card – was unavailable as well. Expect the device to deliver 802.11n Wi-Fi. When it came to sheer performance, we couldn’t fault Voyo’s mini PC. This is a solid device that will run almost any office or business applications without flinching thanks to a capable processor and a surprisingly nippy storage subsystem. In terms of benchmarks, its CPU-Z single and multi-thread scores are far ahead of the Dell Latitude 12 7202 which is powered by the Intel Core M-5Y71. The Atto benchmark also returned some very good read/write numbers thanks to the M.2 SSD, even higher than the SSD inside the Asus AsusPro B9440UA laptop managed.  Other tests we performed (Passmark, Cinebench, Novabench and CrystalDiskMark) cemented the belief that Voyo may well have struck a sweet spot with the VMac Mini. Early verdict We’ve got mixed feelings about this one. On the one hand, the Voyo VMac Mini will appeal to businesses looking for a reasonably well-specced workstation with oodles of local storage and an affordable price tag.  However, the lack of Wi-Fi out of the box is frustrating, and the noisy fan is equally annoying at times. While you can add a USB Wi-Fi dongle to your device, you cannot really do anything to mitigate the boisterous cooler. Voyo should solve these two issues in the next version of this PC to hit the jackpot. Truth be told, though, none of the existing competitors we’ve tested lately (like the Chuwi HiBox) have the quality of components found in the VMac Mini. These are the best business desktop PCs of 2017 What is a hands on review? 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee. GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join 13,000 TechRadar Pro subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from TechRadar Pro to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 The best free VPN 2017 3 New Nokia 3310 (2017) review 4 The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has to have a 4K screen 5 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 It doesn’t matter if you hate the new Nokia 3310, it’s already done its job 3 Kodi, VLC and other media players are open to malware attack via subtitles 4 Yes, Samsung Galaxy S8's iris scanner can be hacked – here's how 5 Huawei MateBook X review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « The Case about the Downing of an Air Egypt Flight related to Apple Devices is still ongoing with Apple not Involved | Main | Apple Opened their First Singapore Store Today with 237 Staff and Angela Ahrendts Greeting Happy Customers » May 26, 2017 Apple's advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a 'Neural Engine' Chip now Emerges   Even though Apple was the first major tech company to adopt a digital assistant for use in their smartphone natively, progress on this front seemed to be at a snails pace. Then out of nowhere Amazon shocked the market with a smarter digital assistant on a home device called Echo. Google Home rapidly followed and their latest upgrade will offer free phone calls within the U.S. and Canada and deeper connectivity to Android. Now Microsoft, Harman Kardon and many tech companies are jumping on the bandwagon with new smart home digital assistant based devices aimed to land on the market this fall.   Even Samsung has technically jumped into the market with Bixby in the last month on their Galaxy S8 that they promise will be integrated into future devices and appliances as part of their IoT roadmap. In fact a new design patent that surfaced on May 16 shows us that they have an advanced Echo-like device with a full flexible display on the drawing board that could run Android as their patent figures suggest below.   We noted in a report back on May 11 that the AI Wars were almost reaching Fever Pitch levels. Almost ever week if not every day there's an AI story surfacing. On May 14 Apple aquired their third major AI company in three years. On the same day we posted a patent report titled "Apple has designed a new Siri Architecture allowing Two Digital Assistants to Communicate with Each Other." Last month we posted a patent report tiled "Apple Patent Reveals a Visual System to Assist Siri in Future Devices to understand Gestures, Activities, & More"   At the top of this month we posted a report titled "Inventec Lands First Order for Apple's Echo-Like Home Device with Siri." Although it's a supply chain rumor, Apple fans hope that this could be a big moment at Apple's WWDC in June. Some believe it will launch this fall. Yet what matters is that Apple brings a new Siri based device into the home to support their Smart Home project and to keep the competition at bay.   Google is crafting the argument that they are the one's to beat in AI without question. Patently Apple covered Google's vision in two reports titled "The Vision of Artificial Intelligence According to the Gospel of Google" and "The Google Manifesto: The Arrival of the AI Revolution."   Apple supplier TSMC sees some of the sand beginning to shift into new directions. Co-CEO Mark Liu.Mobile let if be known last month that while smartphones will still drive the market for them in the short term, that new and innovative features for smartphones and other mobile devices including virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), context-aware computation, and artificial intelligence (AI) and deep machine learning require support of more powerful computing technology." Translation: new chips are on their roadmap to power new technologies and features like VR/AR and AI.   The hint of new advanced chips coming to market gave way this afternoon to a new report by Bloomberg claiming that "Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company's devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence -- such as facial recognition and speech recognition." So now the chip will have a name.   The timing of this latest leak about the Apple Neural Engine may have been timed perfectly to start cranking up their developers and fans for the WWDC keynote on June fifth.   The news of advances to Siri in the works have been mounting so fiercely in the last few months that it's now time for Team Apple to knock one out of the park and set their developers on fire for the next phase of Apple AI.   On the flip-side, it's always best to not get over-hyped about anything Apple until it actually unfolds. We know positive things are in the works and they'll roll out whenever Apple is ready to unleash them. But I have to admit, I'm definitely pumped-up for next month's event – are you?   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 26, 2017 at 05:13 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.1 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.4 TextExpander 6.2.1 Things 3.0.2 Microsoft Office 2016 15.34 and Office 2011 14.7.4 Mellel 3.5.3     Related Articles How to Stop iCloud Calendar Spam (29 Nov 16)     Published in TidBITS 1370. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. No Email Issue on 29 May 2017 for Memorial Day New CMD-D Conference Targets Automation TidBITS News Shows How an Old 32-bit iOS App Becomes 64-bit Google Aims to Attract Apple Users with Google I/O Announcements TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 22 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 22 May 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Problem Solving | 22 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (20) Never Be Late or Forget a Task Again with “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders” by Scholle McFarland [Tonya Engst here. Little is more embarrassing than showing up late for a meeting or missing an important deadline due to forgetfulness. The go-to solution for Apple users is to offload your fallible human memory to Apple’s Calendar and Reminders apps, which are built into macOS and iOS. But even worse than forgetting a meeting or task is messing up due to a misconfiguration or misunderstanding in Calendar and Reminders. Been there, done that. These apps are the focus of the first Take Control book to be published since we sold the series: Scholle McFarland’s $10 “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders.” It’s a classic Take Control title that explains all you need to know about real-world usage of these heavily used but under-documented apps. I helped Scholle develop and edit the book, learning a lot about Calendar and Reminders that I didn’t know along the way. To give you a taste of her advice, here’s a slightly modified excerpt from the troubleshooting chapter, which addresses a few common problems that can prevent you from using Calendar and Reminders successfully. Whether you’re suffering from one of these problems now, suspect that a family member is, or want to avoid future mishaps, read on for Scholle’s solutions to some common conundrums!] How Can I Change the Default Calendar for New Events on My Mac? -- If new events are showing up in the wrong calendar, choose Calendar > Preferences > General and then pick a calendar from the Default Calendar pop-up menu at the bottom of the preference pane. Now, whenever you create a new event, it will appear in this calendar automatically. Note that the default, Selected Calendar, adds new events to whatever calendar you last selected, which can produce some unexpected results. Why Do Events I Add with My iPhone End Up on the Wrong Calendar on My Mac? -- When you add events with an iPhone, you can use Siri or do it in the Calendar app. Either way, events are placed in your iPhone’s default calendar, so make sure you’ve designated the one you want to use. On your iPhone, tap Settings > Calendar > Default Calendar and choose the calendar you want from the list. How Do I Prevent Calendar Spam? -- It started in November 2016. Suddenly, Mac users were inundated with calendar spam — bogus event invitations from counterfeit companies hawking cut-rate Ray Bans, Ugg boots, and other supposed bargains, often in Chinese (see “How to Stop iCloud Calendar Spam,” 29 November 2016). Calendar spammers take advantage of the macOS and iOS feature that scans Mail messages for calendar invitations and then sends you a notification. What’s worse, if you click Accept, Decline, or Maybe, you notify the spammer that your account is real and ready for more. To prevent calendar spam, log in to iCloud.com, click Calendar, click the Settings icon (it’s a red gear), and choose Preferences > Advanced. Then, change the Receive Event Invitations radio button to Email To email address. Now, instead of appearing as notifications, calendar invitations will run through your email account, which undoubtedly checks for spam. You can also safely delete messages there without alerting the spammer. How Do I Remove Duplicate Events? -- If you open the Calendar app and your calendar is littered with duplicate events, try this: On the Mac, choose View > Refresh Calendars (or press Command-R). Or, on your iOS device, tap Calendars to see your list of calendars. Swipe down to refresh. If that doesn’t work, check whether you have an On My Mac calendar that is identical to one of your iCloud calendars. Hide it by deselecting it in the Calendars list and see if duplicates disappear. If they do, you can either keep this calendar hidden or delete the calendar altogether by Control-clicking its name in the Calendars list and choosing Delete. How Do I Delete Duplicate Birthdays? -- If Calendar’s special Birthdays calendar shows a birthday more than once, you can remove the extras. First, on the Mac, choose Calendar > Preferences > General. Deselect the Show Birthdays Calendar checkbox and select it again. If that doesn’t work, duplicate contacts are probably to blame. Open the Contacts app and choose Card > Look for Duplicates. If the app finds them, choose Merge. You may need to repeat this step. If some duplicate birthdays still appear in Calendar, go into Contacts and manually delete the stubborn duplicates that the app is unable to detect. Your duplicate birthdays should disappear. How Do I Get Rid of Duplicate iCloud Calendars? -- If identical iCloud calendars appear to be multiplying like bunnies, first try launching Calendar and choosing View > Refresh Calendars. If you are having trouble verifying whether two calendars have completely duplicated events, try making them different colors (Control-click a calendar in the Calendars list to pick a color). Deselect all other calendars in your Calendars list besides these two. Now you can scan more easily to check for non-duplicated events. If you find a non-duplicated event, move it to the calendar you want to keep. If you are sure you need to de-duplicate, log in to iCloud.com, click Calendar, and see if the duplicate calendars appear in the list there: If duplicates appear on the iCloud Web site: To be safe, go back to your Calendar app and make a backup of each of the affected calendars by selecting them in turn and choosing File > Export > Export to create calendar (.ics) files labeled with their names. Once that’s done, go to iCloud.com and delete the duplicate calendar(s) from the Web site, by clicking Edit at the bottom of the calendar list and then clicking the Remove button next to a calendar. A warning asks you if you’re sure. If you are, click Delete. Now, return to the app and refresh your calendars by pressing Command-R. Duplicates should disappear. If duplicates don’t appear on the iCloud Web site: That means the problem is on your end. Choose Calendar > Accounts, click iCloud, and deselect Calendars. Your iCloud calendars disappear from the Calendars list. Then, choose Calendar > Accounts, click iCloud, and select Calendars. As iCloud re-populates your calendar data, this time it should get it right. How Do I Move a Calendar to Another Computer? -- Here’s the beauty of cloud accounts such as iCloud or Google: your calendars show up on any other device that’s connected to that account, no effort required. If you use local On My Mac calendars, though, and want to move one to another computer, you must export a copy and then import it elsewhere. To export a calendar so you can move it to another computer, share it with someone else, or make a local backup: Select the calendar’s name in the Calendars list. Choose File > Export > Export. Choose a location and then click Export. The events are exported to a calendar (.ics) file. Here’s how to import a calendar (.ics) file: Create a new calendar that will hold this file’s events, or choose an existing calendar you want to add its events to. Make sure your choice is selected in the Calendars list. Choose File > Import. (You can import a calendar archive (.icbu) file with the File > Import command, but when you do, it replaces all of your current calendar and reminders information, so make sure you get a .ics file here.) Select the calendar file and then click Import. Alternatively, drag a calendar file from the Finder to the Calendar window to add its events to whichever calendar is selected in the Calendars list. How Can I Merge Calendars? -- If you were over-enthusiastic about making calendars, so long as they are stored in the same account (or are all in On My Mac), you can merge them after the fact. Select one of the calendars in the Calendars list and choose Edit > Merge Calendar. Calendars that you can add events to appear in the submenu. If you can’t merge the two calendars you want, instead consolidate them by exporting the contents of one and then importing it into another, as described earlier in this excerpt. Why Won’t My Calendar Show Maps or Travel Time? -- To see travel time related to a calendar event, you must turn on Location Services on the device where you are working with the event: Mac: Go to System Preferences > Security & Privacy > Privacy. Click Location Services, and then click the lock icon and enter your administrator name and password at the prompt. Click Location Services. Then, in the list to the right, select the checkbox next to Calendars. iOS: Open the Settings app, tap Privacy > Location Services, and turn on the Location Services switch. Still on the Location Services screen, tap Calendar and ensure that Never is not selected. With these settings on, Calendar can determine your approximate location using information from Wi-Fi networks, and if your device has cellular data turned on, from the cellular network. Apple asserts that this is collected in a way that won’t personally identify you. Why Can’t I See Any of My Reminders on My iPhone? -- If you’re faced with a blank screen when you try to check reminders on your iPhone or another of your iOS devices, you may be saving them to iCloud elsewhere, but not be using iCloud on this one. Tap Settings > Your Name > iCloud. Now tap iCloud and make sure the Reminders switch is On. How Can I Get an “On My Mac” Option? -- If you want to store a calendar or reminders list locally on your Mac, you need to choose On My Mac from the submenu when you create the calendar or list. If you don’t see that choice, and you don’t have an On My Mac heading in the app’s left-hand Calendars list or sidebar, you can solve the problem by turning off all accounts associated with calendars or reminders and then turning them back on. To see an On My Mac option in Calendars: Go to Calendar > Preferences > Accounts. Select each account listed there in turn and uncheck the Enable This Account box. Your account-based calendars disappear from the Calendars list — do not be alarmed! In fact, if they don’t disappear, try quitting and relaunching Calendar. Choose File > New Calendar and a new calendar appears in your Calendars list under the header On My Mac. If you want to view your account-based calendars in addition to your On My Mac calendar, return to Calendar > Preferences > Accounts and select those accounts’ Enable This Account box. To see an On My Mac option in Reminders: Choose Reminders > Accounts to open the Internet Accounts pane of System Preferences. For each account listed at the left, select it and then see whether the Reminders checkbox is selected. If it is, deselect it. Your account-based lists disappear from the Reminders sidebar — this is okay! An On My Mac option appears. Return to the Internet Accounts pane and for each account where you do want to view its reminders on your Mac, select its Reminders checkbox. Solving any one or the above described problems may put your calendaring and remembering system back on track. For more help, the 129-page “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders” looks at creating alerts automatically or by hand, setting up a notification system that keeps you informed without driving you berserk, sharing calendars and to-do lists, and much more. Pick up a copy today to eliminate scheduling anxiety tomorrow!   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about Never Be Late or Forget a Task Again with “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders” To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. You know that Apple’s built-in Calendar and Reminders apps can help you manage your schedule and to-do list. But there’s often a gap between theory and reality, so we’ll share a few key troubleshooting tips in this excerpt from Scholle McFarland’s new “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders.” Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Simon  2017-05-22 22:59 How do I get declined meetings to show up on my iOS calendar the same way they do on my macOS calendar? I've found the iOS option to have them display, but they only show until the time of the event. Once the event has passed they mysteriously disappear from the iOS calendar. This inconsistency between iOS and macOS calendars is driving me crazy. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 12:56 Hi Simon, Open Calendar on your iPhone, tap the word Calendars (in red) at the bottom of the screen. Then scroll all the way to the bottom. You'll see a Show Declined Events slider. Toggle that on. Declined events show up in your Inbox. (Which is a bit odd.) Go to Calendar's Year view, tap Inbox at the bottom of the screen, and then tap Replied. A list of events--Declined or not--should appear there. Does that work? Reply Simon  2017-05-23 13:21 Thanks, but as I already mentioned I know how to get them to display. That's not the problem. The problem is they only display in the calendar until the time of the event. However, once the event time passes, they mysteriously get removed from the calendar. So you have no way of going back and checking events in the past if you had declined them. This is highly inconsistent. The macOS calendar does not do this. Events there don't just disappear oon their own. To make matters worse, as far as I can tell there's no option to change this behavior. Apple just decided that nobody would ever need to know about a past event if they declined it. And we users are stuck that on iOS. Argh. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:23 Do you still see them in the Inbox, though? I can see my older declined events there. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:26 I do see older suggested events in my calendar (even from more than a year ago), but only if I didn't accept or decline them. (Once you tap Add To Calendar, they become a regular event.) Reply Simon  2017-05-23 13:28 No, only future events are listed there. Both accepted and declined, but nothing from the past. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:29 Actually, I see that the declined events in my Inbox are in the future (there's just no year with them). I'll research this some more. Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-23 12:32 I started using Reminders recently and was just getting into it when one day all my Reminders were gone. They weren't in iCloud and not on my computer. Just gone. Makes me hesitant to rely on it. Any idea what caused my reminders to disappear after working reliably for months? Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:00 There are a few things that might make this happen. Probably the most likely is that Reminders got turned off for an account. Go to Reminders > Accounts and click on the account the reminders belonged to (or take a look at all the accounts if you're not sure). Reminders should be selected in the account's list. If this is what happened, when you select Reminders for the account again, they will reappear. Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-23 13:36 I did what you said and checked Reminders. However, this did not cause the missing reminders to reappear, even after quitting and restarting Reminders. What else can I try? Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:40 A couple of questions: What kind of account were the missing reminders in (iCloud, On My Mac, etc)? Also, are they missing on a particular device or on all your devices (Mac, iPhone, etc.)? Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-23 14:11 I entered them into the Reminders app on my iMac. I never used them on iCloud or my iPhone. I have checked now and the iCloud and iPhone have similar lists (with no entries except a few completed items). On the iMac it's different--there's just nothing where there used to be several recurring reminders. Reply Tonya Engst   2017-05-25 19:00 Stan, do you think the problem is that your _list_ disappeared or is the list still around but the entries in it have disappeared? Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-26 20:07 I believe it was the entries. I don't remember creating any new lists--just used the default. Reply Tonya Engst   2017-05-30 18:31 Stan, I have to say that I am mystified. Even if you had checked off your reminders as done, they should still be available in the Completed section of the list (that section is available from the top, which you usually have to scroll up on the list to see). My only idea is that you have two lists with the same name, and one of them is in an account that isn't currently active, like Google or Yahoo. Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-31 14:09 Thanks for your response. No idea how I would have an account that's not active. Will poke around, but I'm a bit wary of entrusting reminders (especially ones several months out) to a program that makes them disappear so easily. Reply Peter U   2017-05-23 21:17 Do you discuss time zones in Apple's Calendar app? I moved from Europe to the US 10 years ago and never managed to change the time zone in Calendar (still on Central European time). Changing to Eastern Time messes up all my future (and past) appointments, i.e. moves them to 6 hours earlier. When I am in a different time zone I like to use the LOCAL time in my calendar not the time zone I live in. Not sure why the damn app doesn't understand that. Thanks :) Reply Peter U   2017-05-23 21:21 PS: I meant the macOS Calendar v7.0 (currently still in OS 10.9.5, sorry, different story). Reply Simon  2017-05-23 21:42 I've had exactly the same problem. It appears the problem is Calendar does not offer support for local time. It's hell bent on being smart so as soon as you move, either all your past or your future appointments will shift to weird times in your calendar. It's frustrating. Apparently it was designed by people who cannot imagine life beyond a single time zone. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-24 12:06 Dealing with time zones is covered in the book. That can get confusing! Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. You know that Apple’s built-in Calendar and Reminders apps can help you manage your schedule and to-do list. But there’s often a gap between theory and reality, so we’ll share a few key troubleshooting tips in this excerpt from Scholle McFarland’s new “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders.” Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Scholle McFarland TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Cupertino, California — Apple today announced its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) — hosting the world’s most talented developer community — will be held at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The conference, kicking off June 5, will inspire developers from all walks of life to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Each year during WWDC, millions of talented developers around the world learn about Apple’s breakthrough platform technologies ranging from programming languages like Swift to breakthrough developer APIs like SiriKit, HomeKit, HealthKit and CarPlay. These Apple technologies inspire developers to continue creating incredible experiences for every aspect of customers’ lives and improve the way they manage their smart homes, cars, health and more for over one billion active Apple devices. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Reports Record First Quarter Results Next PostNext Apple Park opens to employees in April Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New 9.7-inch iPad features stunning Retina display and incredible performance Next PostNext Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Search Recent Posts Bloomberg faces an unexpected new threat to its dominance in data The London Stock Exchange Group could rebrand itself as International Data Inc ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML Completes Acquisition of HMI Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Apple’s responsible sourcing efforts expanded beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt for the first time. For the second year in a row, 100% of Apple’s tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold (3TG) smelters and refiners are participating in independent third-party audits. Apple has also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive positive change on the ground, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining and building programs to help children stay in school. In 2016, Apple trained more than 2.4 million workers on their rights as employees. Since 2008, over 2 million people have participated in Apple’s Supplier Employee Education and Development (SEED) program. It offers opportunities to earn higher education degrees, attend vocational training, and take classes in arts, finance and language skills. To learn more about Apple’s progress, go to apple.com/supplier-responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Next PostNext Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Ibiden’s products help bring together the integrated circuitry and chip packages in Apple devices. Their renewable energy projects will produce over 12 MW of solar power — more than the energy they need for Apple manufacturing — and support Japan’s nationwide efforts to limit its carbon emissions. “These innovative new clean energy investments demonstrate our commitment to doing business responsibly and economically,” said Kyoichi Yamanaka, Managing Director of Ibiden’s Environment Group. “Our products help Apple devices run smarter, and now we’re powering our operations with smarter energy too. We’re pleased to partner with Apple and lead the way in helping Japan meet its clean energy goals.” Apple and its suppliers will be generating over 2.5 billion kilowatt hours per year of clean energy for the manufacturing of Apple products by the end of 2018 — equal to taking over 400,000 cars off the road for a year. Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today, the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in 23 countries, and more than 93 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami PHOTOS March 25, 2017 previous next Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Apple Schildergasse Apple Brickell City Center Apple opened its doors to customers today at new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami, bringing Apple’s latest retail innovations to the heart of each city. More than 350 store employees welcomed thousands of customers at the grand openings, some queuing for days in advance. Each store complements the local architecture, from the restored facade in Schildergasse to the 90-by-30-foot glass entryway of Apple Nanjing. For the first time in each city, customers explored The Forum, a place where the local community can gather and learn. All three stores also feature The Boardroom, a space for local entrepreneurs, developers and business customers to get hands-on advice and training. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Customers lined up starting Thursday at the 90-by-30-foot glass storefront of Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Customers in Nanjing explore Apple’s latest products at Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place is the first store in China to feature a stone staircase with integrated recessed handrails. Apple Schildergasse Apple Schildergasse in Cologne is the first store in Germany to feature Apple’s latest innovative store design, including a Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. The double height grand hall of Apple Schildergasse in Cologne features a circular, suspended glass stair case. Apple restored the historic facade at Apple Schildergasse in Cologne. Apple Brickell City Centre The 100 employees at Apple Brickell City Centre in Miami speak nine languages, and nearly half speak Spanish. Customers gathered at Apple Brickell City Centre, Apple’s fifth store in Miami. Photos from Apple stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Next PostNext Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Apple has committed to investing at least $1 billion with US-based companies as part of the fund, which is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the US. “Corning’s longstanding relationship with Apple has not only led to significant glass innovations that have enabled new capabilities for consumers, it has also helped create nearly 1,000 American jobs and allowed us to continue growing and expanding in the US,” said Wendell P. Weeks, Corning’s chairman, chief executive officer and president. “This investment will ensure our plant in Harrodsburg remains a global center of excellence for glass technology.” In the US, Apple now supports 2 million jobs across all 50 states, including 450,000 jobs attributable to Apple’s spend and investment with US-based suppliers. Last year alone, Apple spent over $50 billion with more than 9,000 domestic suppliers and manufacturers. Since the inception of Gorilla Glass in 2007, the partnership between Apple and Corning has created and sustained nearly 1,000 US jobs across Corning’s R&D, manufacturing and commercial functions, including over 400 in Harrodsburg. Corning has procured enough renewable energy to cover all of its Apple manufacturing in the US.  CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Next PostNext “Today at Apple” launches worldwide Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” launches worldwide PHOTOS May 21, 2017 Customers fill the Forum at Apple Union Square as Leon Bridges performs a special acoustic set with Brittni Jessie from his album “Coming Home.” “Today at Apple” kicked off this weekend with new in-store programming around the world, including Photo Walks and Kids Hour at all 495 Apple stores. From Getting Started with Coding to How To: Sketch, Draw and Paint with iPad, stores collectively hosted 4,000 sessions a day, including some with very special guests. Apple Union Square Customers use iPad Pro and Apple Pencil as they learn from master illustrator Todd Selby. Movement artist and star of Apple’s AirPods commercial, Lil Buck, shows off his moves in the Forum at Apple Union Square. Multiplatinum artist, songwriter and producer Charlie Puth gives an intimate performance at Apple Union Square. Leon Bridges gives a soulful “Today at Apple” performance to end the day of sessions at Apple Union Square. Apple Regent Street Dua Lipa performs an acoustic set of tracks from her upcoming album. During a Live Art session with French illustrator mcbess at Apple Regent Street attendees share their own work following his signature style—graphic illustrations without color. iPhone photographers cover two miles in 90 minutes as they seek out fashion-forward portraits with photographer Shingi Rice. Apple Williamsburg iPhone photographers hit the streets of Brooklyn for a portrait-themed Photo Walk with Timothy Mulcare. Music Lab: 18-year-old Steve Lacy earned a Grammy nomination for his work with The Internet — producing it all on his iPhone. Apple Marché Saint-Germain Aspiring coders of all ages can learn how to code in Swift, Apple’s programming language for iOS and Mac apps. Up-and-coming pop sensation, Sigrid, performs tracks off her debut “Don’t Kill My Vibe” EP at Apple Marché Saint-Germain. To find and register for a session visit www.apple.com/today. Photos of “Today at Apple” Worldwide Launch CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Next PostNext Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall UPDATE April 27, 2017 Apple Dubai Mall provides stunning views of the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Fountain from the two-level store. Perched above the Dubai Fountain and in the shadow of the Burj Khalifa, Apple Dubai Mall opened to thousands of customers Thursday afternoon. Customers were the first in the Middle East to experience the just-announced Today at Apple programs. Apple employees welcome customers to Apple’s third store in the United Arab Emirates. Thousands of customers gather at Apple Dubai Mall for the grand opening on Thursday afternoon. Customers in Dubai explore the latest products in the new store. Local musicians perform during Today at Apple sessions at Apple Dubai Mall. During a Today at Apple performance, an artist illustrates the session on iPad Pro with Apple Pencil. The carbon fiber “Solar Wings” open to invite the community to the public terrace along the 186-foot curved storefront. Visitors experience Apple’s latest innovative store design, including the Genius Grove, Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. Find out more about upcoming events and registration for Apple Dubai Mall. Photos from Apple Dubai Mall CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious StemCyte renewed strategic partnership with the Neonatal Research Institute at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women & Newborns Next PostNext Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Record-Breaking Holiday Season for the App Store CUPERTINO, California — January 6, 2016 — Apple® today announced that customers around the world made this holiday season the biggest ever for the App Store®, setting new records during the weeks of Christmas and New Year’s.  In the two weeks ending January 3, customers spent over $1.1 billion on apps and in-app purchases, setting back-to-back weekly records for traffic and purchases. January 1, 2016 marked the biggest day in App Store history with customers spending over $144 million. It broke the previous single-day record set just a week earlier on Christmas Day. “The App Store had a holiday season for the record books. We are excited that our customers downloaded and enjoyed so many incredible apps for iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV, spending over $20 billion on the App Store last year alone,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We’re grateful to all the developers who have created the most innovative and exciting apps in the world for our customers. We can’t wait for what’s to come in 2016.” Worldwide, the App Store has brought in nearly $40 billion for developers since 2008, with over one-third generated in the last year alone. Largely as a result of the App Store’s success, Apple is now responsible for creating and supporting 1.9 million jobs in the U.S. alone. Nearly three-quarters of those jobs — over 1.4 million — are attributable to the community of app creators, software engineers and entrepreneurs building apps for iOS, as well as non-IT jobs supported directly and indirectly through the app economy.* Apple has previously reported that the iOS app economy has created 1.2 million jobs in Europe and 1.4 million jobs in China. Gaming, Social Networking and Entertainment were among the year’s most popular App Store categories across Apple products, with customers challenging themselves to Minecraft: Pocket Edition, Trivia Crack and Heads Up!, and staying in touch with friends and family using Facebook Messenger, WeChat and Snapchat. Games and subscription apps dominated this year’s top grossing titles including Clash of Clans, Monster Strike, Game of War – Fire Age and Fantasy Westward Journey, as well as Netflix, Hulu and Match. The launch of the all-new Apple TV® and Apple Watch® have paved the way for entirely new app experiences, changing how people consume content through their television and providing useful information at a glance on Apple’s most personal device yet. Since its launch in October, the new Apple TV’s most popular apps include Rayman Adventures, Beat Sports and HBO NOW. Chart-topping apps for Apple Watch owners include fitness apps Nike+ Running and Lifesum, and iTranslate and Citymapper in the Travel category. *Job creation estimate based on research by Dr. Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy Institute. “App Economy Jobs in the United States,” January 6, 2016 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Colin Johnson Apple colin_johnson@apple.com (408) 974-6284   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students Next PostNext New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Search Recent Posts Global Magnetic Linear Encoder Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global And China Calcitriol (CAS 32222-06-3) Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Optical Linear Encoder Industry 2017 Market Research Report Australia’s Prescription Painkiller Epidemic Income Becomes the First Insurer in Singapore to use IBM Watson Explorer to improve the efficiency of pre- and post-IncomeShield claims Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy ROME — January 21, 2016 — Apple® today announced the creation of Europe’s first iOS App Development Center in Italy, to give students practical skills and training on developing iOS apps for the world’s most innovative and vibrant app ecosystem. The iOS App Development Center, to be located at a partner institution in Naples, will support teachers and provide a specialized curriculum preparing thousands of future developers to be part of Apple’s thriving developer community. In addition, Apple will work with partners around Italy who deliver developer training to complement this curriculum and create additional opportunities for students. Apple expects to expand this program to other countries around the world. “Europe is home to some of the most creative developers in the world and we’re thrilled to be helping the next generation of entrepreneurs in Italy get the skills they need for success,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The phenomenal success of the App Store is one of the driving forces behind the more than 1.4 million jobs Apple has created in Europe and presents unlimited opportunities for people of all ages and businesses of all sizes across the continent.” Apple is a powerful engine of growth across Europe and the company’s ecosystem now supports more than 1.4 million jobs, including 1.2 million attributable to the community of app creators, software engineers and entrepreneurs building apps for iOS, as well as non-IT jobs supported directly and indirectly through the app economy.* The unprecedented growth of the App Store® has helped developers in Europe earn over €10.2 billion from selling their apps around the world. In Italy, over 75,000 jobs are attributable to the App Store and the developer community is vibrant. IK Multimedia launched its first app in 2009 and since then has had over 25 million downloads. Musement, launched in 2013, is now available in seven languages and 300 cities across 50 countries, making it easy for people to book travel and excursions on the go. Roberto Macina, CEO and founder of Qurami, said: “Apple’s continued innovation inspires us to create the best mobile experiences and make our customers’ lives just a little bit easier. Apple’s app ecosystem is the anchor for our business, and developing across Apple’s operating systems has enabled us to easily and quickly bring the Qurami experience to iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch users.” Thousands of companies are expanding because of their work with Apple, which supports hundreds of thousands of jobs in communities large and small across Europe. Milan-based Laboratorio Elettrofisico makes some of the most sophisticated magnetization equipment in the world and their technology enables some of the industry-leading magnetic features found in Apple products. Apple also works with Europe’s leading manufacturers of Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems, which create tiny components that power some of the incredible sensor and audio technologies found in iOS devices. *Job creation estimate based on research by Dr. Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy Institute. “App Economy Jobs in Europe,” January 21, 2016. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Alan Hely Apple alanhely@apple.com +44 207 184 1193 Rob Saunders Apple rob_saunders@apple.com +44 207 184 1414   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Next PostNext FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple® FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 988724. WHEN: Tuesday, April 26, 2016, 2:00 p.m. PDT/5:00 p.m. EDT REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, April 26 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT through Tuesday, May 10 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT. The dial-in numbers for the rebroadcast are (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7495552. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PDT on April 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone®, iPad® or iPod touch® with Safari® on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac® with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X® v10.8.5 or later, or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contact: Kristin Huguet Apple khuguet@apple.com (408) 974-2414 CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Updates MacBook with Latest Processors, Longer Battery Life &amp; New Rose Gold Finish Next PostNext Apple &amp; SAP Partner to Revolutionize Work on iPhone &amp; iPad Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple® FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 482343. WHEN: Tuesday, January 26, 2016 at 2:00 p.m. PST/5:00 p.m. EST REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, January 26 at 5:00 p.m. PST/8:00 p.m. EST through Tuesday, February 9 at 5:00 p.m. PST/8:00 p.m. EST. The dial-in numbers for the rebroadcast are (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7349088. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PST on January 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone®, iPad® or iPod touch® with Safari® on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac® with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X® v10.8.5 or later or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contact: Kristin Huguet Apple khuguet@apple.com (408) 974-2414   CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy Next PostNext Important Notice for Certain AC Wall Plug Adapters &amp; World Travel Adapter Kit Customers Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Important Notice for Certain AC Wall Plug Adapters &amp; World Travel Adapter Kit Customers CUPERTINO, California — January 28, 2016 — Apple® today announced a voluntary recall of AC wall plug adapters designed for use in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Continental Europe, New Zealand and South Korea. In very rare cases, affected Apple two-prong wall plug adapters may break and create a risk of electrical shock if touched. These wall plug adapters shipped with Mac® and certain iOS devices between 2003 and 2015 and were also included in the Apple World Travel Adapter Kit. Apple is aware of 12 incidents worldwide. The recall does not affect any other Apple AC wall plug adapters designed for Canada, China, Hong Kong, Japan, United Kingdom, United States or any Apple USB power adapters.   Because customer safety is the company’s top priority, Apple is asking customers to stop using affected plug adapters. Customers should visit www.apple.com/support/ac-wallplug-adapter for details about how to exchange the affected adapters for new, redesigned ones.   An affected two-prong plug adapter has either four or five characters or no characters on the inside slot where it attaches to the main Apple power adapter. Visit the program website for more details on how to identify an affected adapter. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call Next PostNext Apple Announces Advancements to ResearchKit Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Introduces 9.7-inch iPad Pro CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2016 — Apple® today introduced the all-new 9.7-inch iPad Pro™— at just under one pound it features a new pro Retina® display with greater brightness, wider color gamut, lower reflectivity, Night Shift™ mode and introduces new True Tone® display technology to dynamically adjust white balance. The new iPad Pro delivers incredible performance with the 64-bit A9X chip that rivals most portable PCs, along with a four-speaker audio system that is twice as powerful,¹ new 12-megapixel iSight® camera for shooting Live Photos™ and 4K video, 5-megapixel FaceTime® HD camera, and faster wireless technologies. And iPad Pro includes support for the breakthrough Apple Pencil™ and a new Smart Keyboard™ cover designed to fit the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro. “iPad Pro is a new generation of iPad that is indispensable and immersive, enabling people to be more productive and more creative. It’s incredibly fast, extremely portable, and completely natural to use with your fingers, Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. And now it comes in two sizes,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “The 9.7-inch iPad Pro has a new Retina display with True Tone technology, four-speaker audio system, blazing fast A9X chip, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera, faster wireless, and support for Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. It is the ultimate upgrade for existing iPad users and replacement for PC users.” Designers, illustrators and businesses have quickly adopted iPad Pro and it’s changing the way they work: “People don’t realize how much hand drawing is needed to produce computer animation,” said John Lasseter, Chief Creative Officer, Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios. “iPad Pro and Apple Pencil are the closest we’ve ever been able to get in the digital world to actually drawing on paper.” “I’ve done everything including designing the latest cycling collection on iPad Pro,” said Alex Valdman, Head of Design for Rapha. “It goes with me everywhere, and has not only replaced my laptop, but my paper notebook as well. For the Rapha design team, iPad Pro will become standard issue.” “At Citi, iPad Pro is truly transforming how we work,” said Stephen Gates, U.S. Head of Design for Citi Global Consumer Banking. “iPad Pro and Apple Pencil have played a huge part in the new Citi Design team’s work to create new innovative customer experiences. We use iPad Pro for sketching out new design concepts, presenting our work, answering our emails, working with our design files on Adobe Creative Cloud and participating in FaceTime meetings with our other design teams all over the world.” Pro display The 9.7-inch iPad Pro features advanced display technologies, including a True Tone display, which uses new four-channel sensors to dynamically adjust the white balance of the display to match the light around you for a more natural and accurate, paper-white viewing experience. The advanced Retina display is 25 percent brighter and 40 percent less reflective than iPad Air® 2, making content even easier to see indoors and out. It uses the same wider color gamut as the iMac® with Retina 5K display, delivering 25 percent greater color saturation¹ for more vivid colors. A custom timing controller, photo alignment and oxide TFT deliver incredible color, contrast and clarity. Night Shift in iOS 9.3 uses iPad Pro’s clock and geolocation to automatically adjust the colors in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark and may even help you get a better night’s sleep. Pro performance The new iPad Pro is just 6.1mm thin and weighs just under one pound, yet delivers groundbreaking performance, connectivity and versatility so you can tackle the most demanding tasks wherever you go. The powerful A9X chip with third-generation 64-bit architecture provides performance that rivals many laptops and console-class graphics, while also delivering all-day battery life.² Ultrafast wireless connectivity keeps you connected wherever you go with 802.11ac Wi-Fi with MIMO technology, support for even faster LTE Advanced with up to 50 percent faster cellular connectivity³ and the most LTE bands supported by any tablet.⁴ Now with Apple SIM embedded directly in the new iPad Pro, it’s even easier to connect to wireless data plans right from your device when traveling in more than 100 countries and territories.5 iPad Pro has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera sensor featuring Focus Pixels for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all resulting in sharp, detailed images, 63-megapixel panoramas and Live Photos. A True Tone flash improves low light shots and document scanning. The new iSight camera shoots 4K video, making the new iPad Pro the perfect device to shoot, edit and share pro-quality video. The improved 5-megapixel, front-facing FaceTime HD camera makes the new iPad Pro perfect for videoconferencing or connecting with loved ones. Pro audio The four-speaker audio system provides powerful, clear and rich stereo sound for more than twice the audio output.¹ Built-in sensors automatically adjust and optimize the audio no matter which way you’re using it. iOS 9.3 also adds support for playing video encoded with Dolby Digital Plus audio streams with support for multichannel output using the Apple Lightning® Digital AV Adapter. Pro accessories Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard, available for purchase separately, bring breakthrough levels of precision and utility to iPad Pro. Advanced sensors in Apple Pencil measure both pressure and tilt for a natural drawing, annotating and note-taking experience. A new Smart Keyboard is custom-designed for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, offering a thin yet durable keyboard that never needs to be charged or paired over Bluetooth and is easily foldable into a protective Smart Cover®. The new Lightning to SD Card Camera Reader and Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter make it easy to download photos and videos from a digital camera to iPad Pro, while a new Lightning to USB-C Cable and Apple’s 29W USB-C Power Adapter enable faster charging. Pricing & Availability The 9.7-inch iPad Pro comes in silver, space gray, gold and a new rose gold metallic finish, and starts at $599 (US) for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model and $729 (US) for the 32GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model. Both iPad Pro sizes are available in offerings of 32GB, 128GB and a new 256GB capacity, the highest of any iOS device. For more information, please visit www.apple.com/ipad.  The 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be available to order beginning Thursday, March 24, from Apple.com, and in Apple’s retail stores, through select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers on Thursday, March 31, in Australia, Canada, China (Wi-Fi models only), France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.  The 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be available in early April in Albania, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Cayman Islands, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, El Salvador, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Greenland, Guam, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Latvia, Lichtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Macau (Wi-Fi models only), Monaco, Montenegro, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand (Wi-Fi models only), Turkey and UAE. Apple Pencil is available for $99 (US) and Smart Keyboard in charcoal gray for $149 (US). The Polyurethane iPad Pro Smart Cover and Silicone Cases for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro are available for $49 (US) and $69 (US), respectively, in a range of new vibrant colors. The Lightning to SD Card Camera Reader is available for $29 (US), Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter for $39 (US), Apple 29W USB-C Power Adapter for $49 (US), Lightning to USB-C Cable (1 m.) for $25 (US) and Lightning to USB-C Cable (2 m.) for $35 (US). Every customer who buys an iPad Pro from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPad Pro by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store® and more. Anyone who wants to learn more about the new iPad Pro or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store®.  ¹Over iPad Air 2.  ²Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results may vary. ³Based on theoretical speeds, actual speeds may vary. ⁴Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/ipad/LTE. 5Embedded Apple SIM in iPad Pro (9.7-inch) may be disabled when purchased from some carriers. See your carrier for details. Apple SIM and embedded Apple SIM not available in China. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Additional Content: Press Contacts: Ryan James Apple ryanj@apple.com (408) 862-5585 Andy Bowman Apple abowman@apple.com (408) 783-0619   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Announces Advancements to ResearchKit Next PostNext Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2016 — Apple® today introduced iPhone® SE, the most powerful phone with a four-inch display, in a beloved compact aluminum design that has been updated with matte-chamfered edges, a color-matched stainless steel Apple logo, and four gorgeous metallic finishes, including rose gold. iPhone SE offers exceptional performance with the same 64-bit A9 chip offered in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus for blazing fast speeds, longer battery life, faster wireless, a 12-megapixel iSight® camera featuring Live Photos™ and 4K video, and Touch ID® with Apple Pay®. “iPhone SE is an exciting new idea — we started with a beloved, iconic design and reinvented it from the inside out. The result is the most beautiful and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9 chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and Touch ID with Apple Pay. Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE.” The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display iPhone SE takes a beloved iPhone design and reinvents it from the inside out, giving customers a powerful, full-featured iPhone no matter which model they choose. The 64-bit A9 chip, introduced in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, offers iPhone SE customers two times faster CPU and three times faster GPU performance compared to iPhone 5s, all with gains in energy efficiency for improved battery life. M9, Apple’s next-generation motion coprocessor, is integrated into A9 allowing more features to run all the time at lower power, including “Hey Siri” without having to pick up your iPhone, and a range of fitness tracking capabilities like measuring your steps and distance. iPhone SE users can browse, download and stream content even faster with Wi-Fi up to three times and LTE up to 50 percent faster than iPhone 5s.* iPhone SE also includes more LTE bands for better worldwide roaming and supports Voice over LTE and Wi-Fi calling for high-quality wideband calls. With an easy-to-use interface, amazing features, and security at its core, iOS 9 is the foundation of iPhone SE and brings powerful built-in apps like Messages, FaceTime®, Photos, Music and Maps to iPhone users. iOS 9 also brings more intelligence to iPhone SE with proactive assistance, powerful search, improved Siri® features, and a new Night Shift™ feature that uses your iPhone SE’s clock and geolocation to automatically adjust the colors in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark and may even help you get a better night’s sleep. All of these innovations are packed into a light and compact phone designed to fit comfortably in your hand, crafted from bead-blasted aluminum for a satin-like finish, refined matte-chamfered edges, a new color-matched stainless steel inset Apple logo and a brilliant four-inch Retina® display. The World’s Most Popular Camera iPhone SE has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera featuring Focus Pixel technology for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos like the ones shot on iPhone 6s. With Live Photos on iPhone SE, customers can go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion and relive unforgettable memories with sound. Live Photos are beautiful 12-megapixel photos that, with just a touch, reveal the moments immediately before and after the shot was taken, so users can enjoy a living memory rather than an instant frozen in time. Additional camera advancements include: The ability to shoot HD video with support for 4K at a resolution of 3840 x 2160. After capturing 4K video, customers can edit on a Mac®, PC or iPad®, and with the latest version of iMovie® on iPhone, can even edit two simultaneous streams of 4K on iPhone SE. Retina Flash, which momentarily makes the display three times brighter with True Tone® lighting technology, for wonderfully bright selfies in low light with the FaceTime HD camera. Features introduced with iPhone 6s, including up to 63-megapixel panorama photos, video capture up to 60fps for 1080p video and 240fps for slo-mo, time-lapse with video stabilization and cinematic video stabilization. Pricing & Availability iPhone SE will be available in space gray, silver, gold and rose gold metallic finishes in 16GB and 64GB models starting at $399 (US) from Apple’s retail stores, Apple.com, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers, or for 24 monthly payments starting at $17 (US) exclusively at Apple’s retail stores in the US.** As part of the newly-announced Trade Up with Installments program at Apple stores in the US, customers can also purchase iPhone SE for as low as $10/month for 24 months.*** Customers in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and the US will be able to order iPhone SE beginning Thursday, March 24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31. iPhone SE will be available in early April in Albania, Andorra, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Guernsey, Jersey, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Kuwait, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and UAE. Apple-designed accessories including leather cases in black and midnight blue will be available for $39 (US), and Lightning® Docks in color-matched metallic finishes are currently available from Apple’s retail stores and Apple.com for $49 (US). Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store® and more. Anyone who wants to learn more about iPhone SE or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store®.  * Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/iphone/LTE. ** Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Qualified customers only with eligible credit card. Two-year loan required. First installment payment, full taxes and activation fees may be due at sale. Carrier terms and other terms and eligibility may apply. *** Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Requires trade-in of iPhone 5s in full working condition. Trade-in values and monthly pricing for devices will vary based on the condition and model of your smartphone trade-in. Trade Up with Installments is only available to qualified US customers with eligible credit card. Two-year loan required. First installment payment and full taxes due at sale. Full terms apply. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Additional Content: • Images • Video Press Contacts: Alex Kirschner Apple alexkirschner@apple.com (408) 974-2479 Teresa Brewer Apple tbrewer@apple.com (408) 974-6851 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Introduces 9.7-inch iPad Pro Next PostNext Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco CUPERTINO, California — April 18, 2016 — Apple® today announced that it will hold its 27th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), hosting the creative talent behind the world’s most innovative apps, from June 13 through 17 in San Francisco. At WWDC, Apple’s developer community comes together from all corners of the globe to learn about the future of Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X®, watchOS® and tvOS™. Monday’s kickoff events, including the keynote address, will be held at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium. The rest of the week’s conference sessions will take place at Moscone West.  “With four innovative operating systems and a new, intuitive programming language powering over 1 billion devices worldwide, there has never been a more exciting time to bring our developer community together,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “WWDC 2016 is going to be a landmark event for developers who are coding in Swift, and building apps and products for iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS. We can’t wait for everyone to join us — in San Francisco or through the live stream.” Developers can apply for tickets via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/register/) now through Friday, April 22 at 10:00 a.m. PDT. Tickets will be issued to attendees through a random selection process, and developers will be notified on the status of their application by Monday, April 25 at 5:00 p.m. PDT. For the second consecutive year, there will be up to 350 WWDC Scholarships available, giving students and STEM organization members from around the world an opportunity to earn a ticket to meet and collaborate with some of the most talented developers of Apple’s ever-growing app ecosystem (developer.apple.com/wwdc/scholarships/). Additionally, this year, we will provide travel assistance to up to 125 scholarship recipients to ensure aspiring developers with financial limitations have an opportunity to participate.  WWDC 2016 activities include: over 1,000 Apple engineers supporting more than 150 hands-on labs and events to provide developers with code-level assistance, insight into optimal development techniques and guidance on how they can make the most of iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS technologies in their apps; access to the latest innovations, features and capabilities of iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS, and best practices for enhancing an app’s functionality, performance, quality and design; the opportunity to connect with thousands of fellow iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS developers from around the world — last year, 80 percent of developers attended for their first time, and in total, more than 70 countries were represented;  a series of get-togethers for attendees focused on particular topics with special guest speakers and activities; engaging and inspirational lunchtime sessions with trailblazers and influencers from the worlds of technology, science and entertainment; and the Apple Design Awards which recognize iPhone®, iPad®, Apple Watch®, Apple TV® and Mac® apps that demonstrate technical excellence, innovation and outstanding design. Worldwide Developers Conference sessions will be streamed live throughout the week via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/live/) and through the WWDC app, giving developers around the world access to the week’s news and events. Visit the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference 2016 website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/register/) to apply for a ticket, as well as for updates and more information. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel  Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Christine Monaghan  Apple cmonaghan@apple.com (408) 974-8850 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display Next PostNext FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru MUMBAI, India — May 18, 2016 — Apple® today announced a new initiative to support engineering talent and accelerate growth in India’s iOS developer community. The company will establish a Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru, the home of India’s startup scene. Tens of thousands of developers in India make apps for iOS, the world’s most powerful mobile operating system and the foundation for iPhone®, iPad® and iPod touch®. This initiative will provide additional, specialized support for them. Apple’s team will work to inspire and instruct developers on best practices, help them hone their skills and transform the design, quality and performance of their apps on the iOS platform. “India is home to one of the most vibrant and entrepreneurial iOS development communities in the world,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “With the opening of this new facility in Bengaluru, we’re giving developers access to tools which will help them create innovative apps for customers around the world.” Each week, Apple experts will lead briefings and provide one-on-one app reviews for developers. The facility will also provide support and guidance on Swift™, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language created to build apps for iOS, Mac®, Apple TV® and Apple Watch®. Swift enables developers to write safer, more reliable code, save time and create richer app experiences. A recent report by developer placement firm Toptal shows jobs requesting Swift rose 600 percent in 2015. Bengaluru is now home to more technology startups than any other part of India. Over one million people in the city work in the tech sector, and over 40 percent of graduates from local universities specialize in engineering or information technology. “This is a huge vote of confidence in India’s developer community and a tremendous opportunity to gain world-class design and development expertise,” said Zomato CEO Deepinder Goyal. “Apple’s support will help drive growth and accelerate progress among the country’s vast talent pool.” “We have worked closely with Apple to transform the Snapdeal app and offer our users the best possible experience,” said Snapdeal co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl. “Apple’s expert guidance on the interface and user experience has helped us build an app that our consumers love. We are thrilled Apple will have a local presence which will amplify our efforts to develop more high-quality apps for our digital commerce ecosystem.” “Apple’s investment in Bengaluru through its iOS Development Accelerator will have far-reaching effects for the area’s rapidly growing and highly talented developer community,” said NASSCOM President R Chandrashekhar. “The skills and training they gain through this effort will significantly improve their app design and help them reach a broader market. Initiatives like these move the country forward in our efforts to advance a growth-led and sustainable technology sector.” The iOS App Design and Development Accelerator is expected to open in early 2017. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Katrina Tran Apple katrina_tran@apple.com +65 6480 4793 Anand Baskaran Apple abaskaran@apple.com +91 98450 28508   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple &amp; SAP Partner to Revolutionize Work on iPhone &amp; iPad Next PostNext Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update BEIJING — May 17, 2016 — Apple® today announced an update to GarageBand® that celebrates the rich history of Chinese music with new instruments and extensive Chinese language localization throughout the app. Building on GarageBand’s extensive collection of sounds, this update adds traditional Chinese instruments — the pipa, erhu and Chinese percussion — along with 300 Apple-created Chinese musical loops, giving users the power to tap into their creativity and make beautiful Chinese-inspired music right on their iOS device or Mac®. GarageBand for iOS users also get two new Chinese templates for Live Loops, and new sharing options to popular Chinese social networks, so they can easily share their music creations with friends and followers across QQ and Youku.  “GarageBand is the most popular music creation app in the world and we’re excited to introduce these new features that incorporate the rich history of traditional Chinese music,” said Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of Product Marketing. “By adding classic Chinese instruments and new Live Loop templates, the new GarageBand app makes it fun and easy to make Chinese-inspired music right on your iPhone, iPad or Mac.” “As a musician I’m always looking for ways to take my music in new directions and GarageBand has been such a great tool for me to experiment and add new elements to my songs on-the-go,” said award-winning music artist JJ Lin. “I love how the latest update to GarageBand adds traditional Chinese instruments along with brand new loops so I can play around with mixing traditional and modern sounds to create completely new styles.” The pipa, erhu and Chinese percussion instruments in GarageBand can be played on iPhone® or iPad® using Multi-Touch™, and on Mac through the built-in Musical Typing feature or by connecting a third-party USB music keyboard. Each instrument includes different playing articulations, including rapid picking and note bend for pipa, and trill, grace note and glissando for erhu, making it incredibly easy for a novice to create a realistic and expressive performance. iPhone users can also use 3D Touch™ with the erhu and pipa to dynamically control vibrato and intensity, and both the pipa and erhu include Autoplay, letting users tap on any chord and get a complete, rich performance. Users can also play a collection of Chinese percussion instruments including drums, wood blocks, cymbals and gongs. This update adds 300 Apple-created loops from a variety of instruments and styles, including guzheng, dizi, yangqin and Peking Opera, to the library of Chinese musical content in the app. These loops can be mixed and matched with Chinese instruments in GarageBand to create traditional music or entirely new styles. GarageBand for iOS also supports Live Loops, a new and intuitive way to create music by simply tapping cells and columns in a highly visual grid to trigger different looped instruments and samples. And, Live Loops in this update adds two new Chinese Live Loops grid templates, one traditional and one modern, showcasing a variety of Chinese instruments and percussion that are all playable via the Live Loops grid.  Chinese localization is also significantly enhanced across the entire app, with all sounds, loops and instruments now translated to Simplified Chinese or Traditional Chinese. Pricing & Availability  Today’s GarageBand 2.1.1 for iOS and GarageBand 10.1.2 for Mac updates are free for all existing users, and GarageBand is available for free with all new iOS and Mac devices. Customers with older, non-qualifying devices can purchase the app for $4.99 via the App Store® and Mac App Store. Users in Greater China will see these new features by default on iOS and OS X® after updating. Outside of Greater China, these new features are visible by default on OS X and can be enabled on iOS devices in the advanced settings menu. For more information about GarageBand for iOS, visit www.apple.com/ios/garageband and for more information about GarageBand for Mac, visit www.apple.com/mac/garageband. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple &amp; SAP Partner to Revolutionize Work on iPhone &amp; iPad Next PostNext Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Union Square Highlights New Design Elements, Community Programs SAN FRANCISCO — May 19, 2016 — Apple® today revealed its new store on San Francisco’s Union Square, offering many new features and services rolling out to Apple retail stores worldwide. The new store will open its signature 42-foot tall sliding glass doors to customers on Saturday, May 21 at 10 a.m.  “Fifteen years ago today Apple opened its first two stores and we’re thrilled to mark the occasion with the opening of Apple Union Square in San Francisco,” said Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail and Online Stores. “We are not just evolving our store design, but its purpose and greater role in the community as we educate and entertain visitors and serve our network of local entrepreneurs.”  Apple Union Square’s glass doors open the store to Post Street and Union Square. The building’s unique position connects San Francisco’s most famous square to a rejuvenated plaza to the north, creating a beautiful gathering place for the community. The art-filled plaza offers seating, public Wi-Fi, a 50-foot tall “green wall” and regular acoustic performances. The store is powered by 100 percent renewable energy, including power produced by photovoltaic panels integrated into the building’s roof. “We have a deep commitment to the cities we work in, and are aware of the importance that architecture plays in the community,” said Jonathan Ive, Apple’s chief design officer. “It all starts with the storefront — taking transparency to a whole new level — where the building blends the inside and the outside, breaking down barriers and making it more egalitarian and accessible.”  Features in the new Apple Union Square design include: “The Avenue,” inspired by the window displays along a boulevard that dynamically change with the season. Avenue walls are interactive themed “windows” where Apple’s products and services come to life, from music, to creativity, apps, photography and more. New “Creative Pros,” Apple experts in creative arts, offer advice and expertise at each of the displays. Customers will also find “Only at Apple” products on the Avenue, a curated collection of third-party accessories. “Genius Grove” invites customers to get support working side-by-side with Geniuses under the comfortable canopy of local trees in the heart of the store. “The Forum” is a vibrant gathering place, centered around a 6K Video Wall. It is home to “Today at Apple,” which brings to the community the world’s most talented artists, photographers, musicians, gamers, developers and entrepreneurs to inspire and educate our customers to go further with the things they are passionate about. Today at Apple includes year-round programs for kids, new monthly events for teachers, sessions for current and aspiring developers, Creative Sessions in partnership with local experts in creative arts, Game Night with editors from Apple’s App Store® and more. The Forum and Video Wall are a place of discovery, including events about the making of movies from iTunes®, or exclusive premieres of new music and music videos from Apple Music™.  “The Plaza” will be found only at Apple’s most significant stores, including Apple Union Square. It’s open to the public 24 hours a day, features public Wi-Fi and seating, and takes Today at Apple outside, with a regular weekend series of well known local acoustic performances such as Travis Hayes and global talents like Escondido, who will then give exclusive interviews about their craft in the Forum. The Plaza at Apple Union Square features a fountain by well-known San Francisco sculptor Ruth Asawa, originally commissioned in 1969, and a new work, “Love” by local artist Laura Kimpton, commissioned by Hyatt Hotels.  “The Boardroom” is an intimate space where the store’s Business Team offers hands-on advice and training to entrepreneurs, developers and other small and medium business customers. Apple’s original San Francisco store opened on Stockton Street in 2004 with about 100 employees. Having welcomed more than 20 million visitors, and seen the launch of iPhone®, iPad®, MacBook Air®, Apple TV®, Apple Watch® and more, the team moving to Apple Union Square has grown to more than 350.  While the store offers regular learning experiences in the Forum and Plaza, Apple is also committed to furthering creative arts education throughout San Francisco. Apple is working with the Ruth Asawa School of the Arts to build a visual arts lab with 45 workstations outfitted with the latest Apple products.  Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Amy Bessette Apple abessette@apple.com (408) 862-8012 Nick Leahy Apple nleahy@apple.com (408) 862-5012 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad HYDERABAD, India — May 19, 2016 — Apple® today announced the opening of a new office in Hyderabad that will focus on development of Maps for Apple products, including iPhone®, iPad®, Mac® and Apple Watch®. This investment will accelerate Maps development and create up to 4,000 jobs. “Apple is focused on making the best products and services in the world and we are thrilled to open this new office in Hyderabad which will focus on Maps development,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The talent here in the local area is incredible and we are looking forward to expanding our relationships and introducing more universities and partners to our platforms as we scale our operations.” Apple has been continually updating and adding new features to Maps, including 3D views, the Flyover® feature and tools to help customers find convenient places to shop, eat and explore nearby areas. With iOS 9 Apple added Transit, offering a combination of trains, subways, buses and walking, which is already available for more than 300 cities around the world. The new facility, located on the Waverock campus, will provide a world-class, LEED-certified home for the expanding Maps team. “We are honored Apple chose Hyderabad as a home for its Maps development office,” said Telangana Chief Minister Kalvakuntla Chandrashekar Rao. “This will create thousands of jobs here and is a testament to our proactive approach, quality infrastructure and the excellent talent base we have in the region.” “Apple is one of the most innovative companies in the world and we are very proud they chose us to partner with for this important project,” said Anup Jindal, RMSI’s CEO. “We are experts in geospatial data and we will be hiring thousands of people from the local area to support this effort.” Across India, Apple supports over 640,000 iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Katrina Tran Apple katrina_tran@apple.com +65 6480 4793 Anand Baskaran Apple abaskaran@apple.com +91 98450 28508   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru Next PostNext Apple Union Square Highlights New Design Elements, Community Programs Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on San Francisco — Apple today announced powerful new Siri capabilities, single sign-on for Apple TV and many more great new features for users, making the entertainment experience in the living room even better. With expanded Siri capabilities, including searching across even more apps, YouTube search, topic search and tuning right into more live channels, customers can get to their favorite content even faster. The future of TV is apps, and with single sign-on customers can authenticate all the video channels from their pay-TV providers by simply signing in once to enjoy all of their network-TV apps. “The future of TV is apps, and Siri on Apple TV has changed the way we interact with our television and these expanded features will continue to deliver viewers what they want to watch even faster,” said Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. “There are over 6,000 apps to enjoy on your Apple TV including over 1,300 video channels, which are even more fun to watch with the new Siri features combined with single sign-on.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Next PostNext EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun A preview release of Swift Playgrounds is available today to Apple Developer Program members as part of the iOS 10 developer preview and will be available with the iOS 10 public beta in July. The final version of Swift Playgrounds will be available in the App Store for free this fall. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10. For more information including videos, images and demos, visit, apple.com/swift/playgrounds. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious News Next PostNext Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on Search Recent Posts FUFA Women Elite League: Kawempe Muslim wins third straight title Sierra Club: Scott Pruitt Continues Record of Distortion in Flailing Efforts to Defend Historic Mistake Strikes Continue in Effort to Defeat ISIS in Syria, Iraq New Transplant Technology Could Benefit Patients with Type 1 Diabetes Tidball takes Junior CiCLE Classic title in last-gasp sprint Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
UPROXX News Sections Main The Power Of Activism How We Bring About Change The Intercept Fearless, Adversarial Journalism Featured News Can Trump Really Block James Comey From Testifying? The POTUS’ Executive Privilege, Explained News Democrats Should Stop Trying To Fact Check Their Way To Success Entertainment Sections TV Movies Hitfix Where Entertainment Fandom Lives What's Alan Watching Inside Television with Alan Sepinwall Gaming Web Culture Featured TV Sarah Silverman On Why It’s Important To Understand Each Other, Now More Than Ever TV ‘The Americans’ Season Finale Anxiety Report: Everyone Is Sad And/Or Doomed Music Sections Main RealTalk Hip-Hop on UPROXX Uncharted Discovering New Artists Before They Chart Featured Music Wheeler Walker Jr. Is The Filthiest (And Most Earnest) Man In Country Music RealTalk The Fascinating Rise, Fall, And Resurgence Of British Grime As A Global Genre Sports Sections Main Dime NBA on UPROXX With Spandex Pro Wrestling on UPROXX Brawler MMA on UPROXX -- coming soon Featured DimeMag Joel Embiid Tells Us About Rehab, Rihanna, And The Next Step In The Process ProWrestling Chris Jericho Talks Fozzy Blowing Up, Wrestling Until He’s 90, And Why He Won’t Put You On The List Life & Discovery Sections Main Style Remixing The Classics With The Now Food & Drink Smart and fresh, never basic Travel & Adventure Explore The World You Are Inheriting Health Lifehack Your Body and Soul Featured Life This Beyonce-Approved Resort In Costa Rica Just Might Be The Best Splurge On Earth Life Why The Negroni Should Be Your 2017 Summer Cocktail Video Featured Will Climate Change Spell Doom For The Island Nation Of Palau? Estelle’s New Collaborator — Zambian/Australian Rapper Sampa The Great — Will Live Up To Her Name These Stylists Are Taking A Surprising Role In Fighting Domestic Abuse See More... Search for: About About Corporate Privacy Terms Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Get UPROXX Everywhere. Follow @UPROXX Follow UPROXX Member Sign Up Sign In The iPhone 8 Is Reportedly Ditching One Of Its Most Useful Design Features Dan Seitz Senior Contributor 05.26.17 3 Comments Facebook Twitter EMAIL Jordan McQueen/Unsplash Ever since there’s been an iPhone, there’s been a home button. But, apparently, no longer. Or, at least, not a physical one. Digitimes is reporting that Apple has licked the rumored problems with the fingerprint sensor, and it doesn’t involve putting it on the back. Instead, they’ve embedded it in the screen, so now you can scan your finger and continue not using Apple Pay. There will probably be a “home” button of sorts, but it’ll be on the screen, and exist as software, as opposed to a clickable button. It’s an interesting, if perhaps inevitable step, as Apple wants a smooth sheet of glass, instead of all those gross buttons and ports. But it does raise the question of what happens if the screen is damaged or otherwise refuses to work. The Home button being a physical thing was something of a fail-safe to ensure you could still use your phone even if your screen was cracked, so what happens when that’s off the table? The designs we’ve seen do have buttons, of course, so they might fill in, or the Home button may still wind up on the side. For now, though, Apple’s goal of a buttonless, portless phone proceeds apace. (Via BGR) Share This Facebook Twitter EMAIL Around The Web TAGSAPPLEApple iPhoneiphone 8 Join The Discussion: Log In With Sign In With Facebook Sign In With Twitter Sign In With Email Profile By: Dan Seitz 05.26.2017 @ 1:46 PM "The iPhone 8 Is Reportedly Ditching One Of Its Most Useful Design Features" Profile By: Iron Mike Sharpie 05.26.2017 @ 2:20 PM Anyone who ends up with a cracked screen deserves to be mocked for choosing to not get a fucking Otter Box like every other logical person who understands that you don’t walk around with an entirely unprotected thousand dollar phone, FFS. Profile By: illdillusions 05.26.2017 @ 5:29 PM The irony is actually quite ridiculous. Profile By: left_coast_guy 05.26.2017 @ 5:40 PM Its like $60 to fix…..if you’re irresponsible enough to manage to break it Cancel reply View all comments Innovative Minds One Principal’s Fight To Prep Inner-City Students For Our Tech-Based Future Delenda Joseph 05.31.17 4 days ago This Company Has Pretty Much Invented Harry Potter’s ‘Skele-Grow’ Allison Sanchez 05.29.17 6 days ago This Former Marine Is Harnessing Lightning To Make Electricity Allison Sanchez 05.29.17 7 days ago 5 Comments This Scientist Combs Our Universe To Find Life Among The Stars Allison Sanchez 05.25.17 2 weeks ago This Simple Water Bottle Innovation Just Might Save Your Life Someday Allison Sanchez 05.24.17 2 weeks ago How Science And Technology Can Save Lives, One App At A Time Dan Seitz 05.22.17 2 weeks ago UPROXX Job at Uproxx Contact Advertising About UPROXX Privacy Policy Staff Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Gas leak prompts evacuation at Apple spaceship… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Bill Maher apologizes Big Sur highway: Worth saving? Skyrocketing campus costs Ropeless Yosemite climb Epic whitewater rafting season Steve Kerr’s return Breaking News Kevin Durant dominates defensively as Warriors push up 2-0 on Cavaliers in Finals Community News Gas leak prompts evacuation at Apple spaceship campus Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Courtesy city of Cupertino Apple Park in Cupertino. By Kristi Myllenbeck | kmyllenbeck@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: May 26, 2017 at 4:20 pm | UPDATED: May 27, 2017 at 3:21 am A gas leak at the new Apple Park building in Cupertino earlier today forced the evacuation of “a group” of Apple employees. According to Mayra Tostado, corporate relations spokesperson with PG&E, a gas leak was reported at approximately 2:15 p.m. at the Apple Park campus located at 10956 N. Tantau Ave. in Cupertino. “A third-party contractor working for Apple hit a one-inch plastic gas line while digging with a backhoe in the marked area,” she told this newspaper. “They (previously) called 811 and the area was marked, but when you’re digging in an area that’s marked you should be using hand tools, not heavy equipment. Instead of using hand tools, he was using a back hoe and he hit the line.” Tostado said PG&E “made the area safe and stopped the flow of gas” at 2:58 p.m. She said that a group of employees were evacuated “out of an abundance of caution” but she did not know the number of employees evacuated. She said the evacuation order was lifted shortly after the leak was stopped. The Santa Clara County Fire Department could not be reached for comment. Tags:  Apple Kristi Myllenbeck Kristi Myllenbeck covers all things Cupertino, from crime and breaking news to education and development. She has been working for Silicon Valley Community Newspapers since 2015. She is a San Jose State University alumna and enjoys hiking and camping in her spare time. Follow Kristi Myllenbeck @ricekristi Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Miss Manners: Impatient customer rammed me with a cart at the grocery store Carolyn Hax: I discovered revenge is not so sweet Ask Amy: My father’s engaged to a woman with a shaky past Roadshow: Thoughtless neighbors and their cars are driving us batty Kevin Durant dominates defensively as Warriors push up 2-0 on Cavaliers in Finals 20 years ago: ‘Bodies came falling out of the sky’ in East Bay water park tragedy Q&A: Steve Kerr explains his decision to return to the sidelines Man knifed on downtown San Jose street expected to survive More in Community News Local comedian brings chuckles to Campbell June 04, 2017, 11:00 am Campbell resident John Nalty, who is more commonly known for his stage name “Johnny Corn,” has brought his and others’ comedic stylings to Campbell. Flood basin construction making progress at Rancho San Antonio Park June 04, 2017, 11:00 am The flood basin project at Rancho San Antonio County Park is underway and gearing up for future improvements to the park. Campbell student authors get chance to showcase their work June 04, 2017, 11:00 am Students’ writing pieces were displayed at the library for the 39 annual Writing Fair. Admiral, sower of Berkeley wildflowers, made history 75 years ago June 04, 2017, 1:28 pm Admiral Chester Nimitz became a national hero during the pivotal battle for control of Midway 75 years ago this week, nowhere more than in the Bay Area, where he was a presence before and after the war. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video State high court ruling on death penalty could restart executions High Times Cannabis Cup gives Wine Country different weekend buzz Trump may not try to block Comey testimony California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment 4 nations cut diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens Day of Portland demonstrations marked by arrests, clashes System aims to recreate challenging mountain climbs in gym Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors’ Attles wins lifetime achievement award Names & Faces: Evel Knievel, Novak Djokovic With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win SF’s Chris Mocko wins marathon in Ireland Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Airbnb hosts more likely to reject the disabled, a study finds Move hat making into a US factory? Easier said than done Job growth stumbles in May Blue Apron meal kit delivery service files for IPO A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Rhino’s ‘Priscilla’ keeps Bay Area chintz alive The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Tia Carrere reprises ‘Wayne’s World’ role for Clusterfest Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer 5 amazing food adventures Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Summer Camp Guide Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Home in the heart of the city Small cottage on huge lot for $1.195 million in Corona Heights Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Gas-leak-prompts-evacuation-of-new-Apple-s-11177131.php Gas leak prompts evacuation of new Apple’s ‘Spaceship Campus’ By Filipa Ioannou Updated 4:54 pm, Friday, May 26, 2017 Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 An aerial view of the new Apple headquarters on April 28, 2017 in Cupertino, California. An aerial view of the new Apple headquarters on April 28, 2017 in Cupertino, California. Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Gas leak prompts evacuation of new Apple’s ‘Spaceship Campus’ 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Apple employees were briefly evacuated from their new campus in Cupertino when a gas leak was reported in the area on Friday afternoon, officials said. The leak was reported shortly after 2 p.m. on North Wolfe Road, near the western edge of Apple’s 850,000-square-foot corporate headquarters, according to Santa Clara County fire officials. A one-inch gas line was ruptured by a construction crew, and firefighters evacuated one building and set up a perimeter until a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. crew was able to come and cap the leak, said Battalion Chief Mike Krisman. LATEST NEWS VIDEOS The evacuations were a precautionary measure, and the incident was resolved in less than an hour, Krisman estimated. He said the leak was not in the main Apple Park building. “All operations are normal now,” he said. Nicknamed the “Spaceship Campus” because of its resemblance to a flying saucer, the newly built $5 billion facility opened in April and will eventually house more than 12,000 Apple employees, according to the company. Filipa Ioannou is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: fioannou@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @obioannoukenobi Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS GAME 2: WARRIORS VS. CAVS With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win8:06 PM8:06 PM Warriors practice becomes A-List event for celebrities 4-year-old Warriors fan is a dead ringer for Steph Curry7:26 PM7:26 PM Guy Fieri brings Flavortown to Game 2, poses with E-406:21 PM6:21 PM Killion: Kerr's return has risk, but he completes Warriors Scenes from Game 2 include Santana's anthem, other celebs LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week Doug the Pug is the real big dog at SF Clusterfest7:42 PM CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants Nobody wants this $29 million mansion near SF's 'Billionaire Row' SF's most expensive house: This $40M modern masterpiece Zillow predicts price decreases in these SF neighborhoods $2.895 million flat in Telegraph Hill Climber makes chilling, unroped ascent of El Capitan Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall 50 'old' movies every young person needs to watch The worst film each year since 1967 Mother paralyzed by tree branch in SF struggles after accident Family of woman badly hurt by branch awaits SF’s help TODAY'S TOP PICKS Famous Bay Area authors' must-read books and lesser-known gems Fun times during the first two days of Clusterfest Alec Baldwin’s advice to Kathy Griffin on Trump brouhaha Most Popular 1 Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week 2 Photo shows man casually mowing the lawn with massive tornado... 3 Nobody wants this mansion near San Francisco's 'Billionaire... 4 Climber, without rope, conquers Yosemite’s El Capitan 5 Opinion: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -... 6 CNN host assumed an Indian-American spelling-bee champion... 7 Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus in Oakley 8 Man clobbers protesters with a bike lock at a Berkeley rally,... 9 Steve Kerr returns to Warriors’ bench for Game 2 10 Follow live: Warriors take on Cavs in Game 2 of the NBA Finals View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Apple developing dedicated AI chip | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision… Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach… Plex adds Live TV support Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air… Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The… Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads,… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product BlueLounge Quick Peek Smart Organizing Label… Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature &… 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Joby GripTight Pro Video Mount Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Kensington Laptop Locking Station 2.0 IK Multimedia Syntronik Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices… Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using… Checking the Weather in the Maps app in iOS… Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Adonit Switch 2-in-1 Stylus &… Daily Deal: Pagico 8.7 Daily Deal: Moskito Smartphone App Controlled… Daily Deal: Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera Daily Deal: Glowbar Speaker Daily Deal: iKlips miReader 4K GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple developing dedicated AI chip By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● Friday, May 26, 2017 Apple is working on building artificial intelligence technology directly into its hardware, a new report by Bloomberg reveals. According to a “person familiar with the matter,” Apple is developing a new processor, dubbed the “Apple Neural Engine,” that will be dedicated to AI-related tasks. The goal is to improve how AI tasks such as facial recognition and speech recognition are handled by incorporating it into a specialized hardware chip that would optimize performance as well as providing for more advanced capabilities. Complex AI tasks are currently handled by software processes that use the existing CPU and GPU hardware, requiring the workload to be shared with other tasks being performed on the device. A dedicated module would ensure that AI-related tasks are handled more efficiently both in terms of processing speed and battery consumption. Apple would not be the first company to develop a dedicated AI processor, however. Qualcomm’s latest Snapdragon chip used in some smartphones includes a dedicated processing module for AI tasks, and Google developed a Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) last year for use in its data centers. However, Apple appears to be taking its ambitions in a slightly different direction, with plans to integrate the chip into many of its hardware devices, including the iPhone and iPad, in line with the company’s approach of handling machine learning tasks on board the device rather than offloading tasks to the cloud as Google does. The chip could potentially power features such as facial recognition in the Photos application as well as parts of speech recognition and predictive typing. Sources suggest that Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so that third-party apps can take advantage of offloading AI-related tasks. It’s unclear at this time, however, whether the new component is ready to be included in this year’s devices, or is part of a longer-term plan that Apple is working on. Comments The chip's successor will be designed by Apple robots. Posted by Facts Appear Directly Below on 2017-05-27 20:39:19 « Daily Deal: Glowbar Speaker Report: Sources suggest Apple has succeeded in creating a screen-integrated Touch ID sensor » Related Stories Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris Accord Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments Plex adds Live TV support Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air TV DVR lineup Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ to debut August 8 Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads, new Magic Keyboard for possible release at WWDC Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event Android pioneer Andy Rubin announces ‘Essential Home’ Smart Home Hub Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Recent Reviews AudioQuest DragonFly Black USB DAC and Headphone Amp BlueLounge Quick Peek Smart Organizing Label System Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature & Humidity Monitor 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path BlueApron ChromeAdBlocking EssentialVsGalaxyS8 ParisClimateDeal HighTechCities Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Report: Apple Developing a Chip Dedicated to AI Report: Apple Developing a Chip Dedicated to AI By Tom Brant May 26, 2017 06:20pm EST 10 Comments As the artificial intelligence demands of Siri and apps grow, Apple is designing its own chip to handle them separately from the main processor, Bloomberg reported. Apple is planning to introduce a new chip to handle the increasingly demanding processor requirements of its artificial intelligence projects, according to a Bloomberg report on Friday. The new chip is known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, and it could handle tasks like facial and speech recognition if it's included in future Apple devices, Bloomberg reported, citing a person familiar with the matter. Apple already has considerably powerful processors at its disposal: the latest quad-core A10 chip in the iPhone 7 not only offers twice the speed of the iPhone 6, but also rivals the latest chip offerings from Qualcomm and Samsung. But as AI becomes more ubiquitous on mobile devices, Apple can only boost processing power so far before it begins to have an adverse effect on battery life. The solution is a dedicated AI chip, which would handle many tasks that are currently performed by the main A10 processor. Breaking up the tasks would reduce the A10's demands on the battery, and offer room for Siri, Apple's AI-powered voice assistant, to become even more intelligent. Related Apple Flexes its Artificial Intelligence Muscle Apple Flexes its Artificial Intelligence Muscle As Bloomberg notes, Qualcomm and Google both already have their own dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm's version is included in its latest Snapdragon 835 processor, which is found in high-end handsets like the Samsung Galaxy S8. It dynamically allocates processing power for AI tasks, so that one might be assigned to the GPU while another might run on the dynamic signal processor (DSP). Apple has had an on-again, off-again relationship with Qualcomm; some iPhone models have been powered by Snapdragon processors, while others use Apple's own A-series chips. The relationship is currently off-again, thanks to Apple's lawsuit accusing Qualcomm of unfair business practices, which may factor into Cupertino's decision to develop its AI chip in-house. Whatever AI initiatives Apple has up its sleeve, it's a pretty sure bet that we'll hear about them at next month's WWDC. The company didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. Back to top Previous : Roborace Prototype Negotiates Streets of Paris 'Judy' Malware Potentially Hits Up to 36.5M Android Users Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Fix Wi-Fi Troubles With the Samsung Connect Home The new Samsung Connect Home Wi-Fi mesh system is available for pre-order on June 2. It also functio... More » Want a US Visa? Your Twitter Handle, Please A new visa application form requests social media handles, but not passwords, from some applicants. ... More » Qualcomm Quick Charge 4+ Promises Faster, Cooler Charging Dead batteries will become undead 15 percent faster thanks to new Qualcomm tech that monitors chargi... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Share Tweet iPad Pro 2 preview Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home Reviews iPad Everything you need to know about the iPad Pro 2 Everything you need to know about the iPad Pro 2 Macworld looks ahead to the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2, expected to launch at WWDC 2017 by David Price | 26 May 17 Price RRP: Price TBC Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers Everything you need to know about the iPad Pro 2 Apple currently sells four iPads: the iPad mini 4, the iPad 2017, and the 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pros. But things may be about to get more complicated. Read next: iPad buying guide 2017 The din of the rumour mill is now deafening, with every pundit and their dog predicting that Apple is going to follow up its March launch with a second new iPad for the year - and this time it'll be something exciting, as opposed to the admirably affordable but modestly specced number we got a few months back. We're talking about the iPad Pro 2. In this article we preview the iPad Pro 2, based on our sifting of the huge numbers of insider leaks and pundit predictions zipping around the web at present. Bear in mind that none of this is set in stone - this page will turn into our definitive review as soon as we can get our hands on review samples. Design & build quality Numerous leaks strongly suggest that the new iPad announcement will be or include a 10.5-inch model, sitting neatly between the two currently offered iPad Pro models. Here's a taste of what it might look like, based on leaked photos and dummy models: Render by Benjamin Geskin, for iDrop News The mockups indicate that the 10.5in iPad Pro 2 has a Smart Connector for attaching a Smart Keyboard; it also has a flash on the rear-facing camera, like the 9.7in iPad Pro (and unlike the 12.9in iPad Pro). Expect quad-speaker audio (two speakers at the top, two at the bottom, just like on the existing iPad Pro models). Features Apple unveiled a new iPad this year, but we expect the upcoming tablet to be technically far closer to older Pro range - in terms of features as well as specs (which we discuss in the next section). Principally that means compatibility with all of the Pro accessories: a Smart Connector on the lefthand edge so you can connect a Smart Keyboard, and the ability to use it with an Apple Pencil. We also expect the new iPad Pro to get the True Tone display tech that has so far only been available on the 9.7-inch Pro (the 12.9 missed out, as did the iPad 2017), and we hope it will also get that device's rear-facing camera flash. Tech specs We don't know much about Apple's plans for the next iPad just yet, with the exception of one heavily leaked detail: the screen size. Numerous pundits have predicted, and numerous leaks appear to have confirmed (all of which are detailed in our iPad Pro 2 rumour roundup), that Apple is adding a new 10.5-inch screen size to its range. Screen size At present iPads are available in three sizes: the 7.9-inch mini size, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and iPad 2017, and the 12.9-inch iPad Pro. So we're looking at a device that would offer only slightly more screen space than the existing mid-size models - but as discussed in the design section, the company may squeeze this extra display space into a chassis that the same size or even smaller, by reducing or eliminating the bezels and potentially the Home button too. Screen resolution and pixel density For the iPads either side of the proposed 10.5-inch form factor Apple offers a consistent pixel density of 264ppi (pixels per inch) - whereas the iPad mini 4 is rated at a much higher 326ppi. Assuming Apple sticks with 264ppi, and an aspect ratio of 4:3, we should expect a resolution of somewhere around 2,200 x 1,700. Bear in mind, however, that this isn't a commonly recognised resolution like the QXGA (2048 x 1536) of the iPad Pro 9.7: at a stretch the company might go for WQXGA (2560 x 1600), the closest common resolution to what we're looking for, but that would entail a higher pixel density (287ppi) and a different aspect ratio (16:10, rather than 4:3), which would in turn cause headaches for app developers. Other specs As for the rest of the specs, we expect a bump to the processor - this could be the A10 Fusion chip that appears in the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, or even a souped-up A10X version - for fearsome processing speed. The 9.7 and 12.9 iPad Pro models come with 2GB and 4GB of RAM respectively; call us optimistic but we're hoping for 4GB in this model, given that the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 comes with a minimum of 4 and is available with up to 16GB. Launch date Apple's keeping mum so far (as usual), but multiple sources point to an announcement this summer, most likely at WWDC 2017 in June. In May, for example, ChannelNews, citing local sources, reported that Taiwanese manufacturers started making the new 10.5-inch iPad "back in March or April", and on this basis speculated that a launch could be imminent; a leaked stock listing from an Apple reseller shows a case for the new size of iPad by Urban Armour Gear labelled "Due June 2017". Apple is generally pretty good at achieving a fast turnaround between product announcement and in-store availability. (The main exceptions to this are when an entirely new product line is unveiled, such as the first iPhone and the original Apple Watch, because of regulatory hurdles, but that shouldn't apply here.) We'd be surprised if there's a gap of more than 10 days before the iPad Pro hits the shops. UK price The iPad Pro isn't going to be the bargain offering we got earlier this year in the form of the iPad 2017, which starts at a highly tempting £339. We reckon the next iPad will start at around £570 to £600. Read next: Best cheap iPad deals This is roughly what we expect, price-wise: iPad Pro 10.5 (32GB, Wi-Fi): £579 iPad Pro 10.5 (128GB, Wi-Fi): £679 iPad Pro 10.5 (256GB, Wi-Fi): £779 iPad Pro 10.5 (32GB, cellular): £699 iPad Pro 10.5 (128GB, cellular): £799 iPad Pro 10.5 (256GB, cellular): £899 When it goes on sale you'll be able to order or preorder the iPad Pro 2 from Apple's site. We base our predictions on a simple analysis of the current (correct as of 26 May) pricing of the 9.7-inch Pro: iPad Pro 9.7 (32GB, Wi-Fi): £549 iPad Pro 9.7 (128GB, Wi-Fi): £639 iPad Pro 9.7 (256GB, Wi-Fi): £729 iPad Pro 9.7 (32GB, cellular): £669 iPad Pro 9.7 (128GB, cellular): £759 iPad Pro 9.7 (256GB, cellular): £849 ...and the 12.9inch model: iPad Pro 12.9 (32GB, Wi-Fi): £729 iPad Pro 12.9 (128GB, Wi-Fi): £819 iPad Pro 12.9 (256GB, Wi-Fi): £909 iPad Pro 12.9 (128GB, cellular): £939 iPad Pro 12.9 (256GB, cellular): £1,029 OUR VERDICT There are a lot of leaks pointing to a 10.5-inch iPad Pro that's good-looking (if not exactly radical in terms of design) and impressively specced, and we like the sound of that. But until this all becomes official we obviously cannot offer any kind of verdict. Check back for our review when Apple announces the launch. Tags: iPad , Rumour Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Find the best price Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers Comments Advertisement What is Nvidia Max-Q? Lola Dupre illustrates When Your Child Is a Psychopath What to expect at WWDC 2017 Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Tech Advisor France - Tests Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
99 Ways to Love Our Military Login Registration Home About Us Advertising Contact Us Follow us: Twitter Facebook Search MP Articles Active Duty Vets Market Place Auto + Motorcycles Business Directory Careers Classifieds Education Financial Health + Fitness + Beauty Housing + Real Estate Legal Night Life + After Hours Restaurants Services + Retail Travel + Hotel Reviews Books Movies MP Columns 2016 Election Travels with Hian Chargers Report Publisher’s Point Preaching to the Choir Siegel Sidebar The Veteran Fashionista Base Shopping Commissary Navy Exchange Jobs ‘Strawberry Shortcake: Dance Berry Dance’ By Jeri Jacquin May 26, 2017 R & R Coming to DVD from 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment comes the colorful and musical fun of “Strawberry Shortcake: Dance Berry Dance.” Strawberry Shortcake’s friend Sweet wants to give her twin sister Sour a special birthday party all to herself and everyone wants to truly help make it special. Apple is upset thinking she might have ruined the day! It all turns out special as Sweet is treated to all her favorite things – except her own sister. Apple gets upset when she can’t play berry-ball because she isn’t a berry! Shortcake also has to break the news to her that all the girls have worked hard to be where they are but Apple is determined to show she has fancy feet. Creating crazy boots means creating a crazy adventure for everyone. The groove booties are back as Shortcake and Apple turn them into dance teaching groove booties. That’s when Plum gets the idea to teach the doggies how to dance and decide to put on a show. Buck teaches Tom-tom to dance but when the show is about to start, the pup has other plans. Putting a dancing video on Apple’s webpage, she asks Strawberry, Plum and Cherry to help write a diddy to go with it. The problem is that the song has gone crazy and Cherry will do anything to never hear it again including making sure no one else does either. Trying to write a song for the Queen of Berryvania, the doggie ditty is stuck in her head. The Queen brings a surprise to the group that leaves them all laughing and dancing once again! Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment brings award-winning global product and new entertainment to DVD, Blu-ray, and Digital HD. There amazing collection offers fans an opportunity to expand their own home libraries with the best films. To discover what other titles they have please visit www.fox.com. The DVD includes printable coloring pages along with the episodes “The Berry Bitsy Dance Disaster,” “Doggie Dance No-Show” and “Dance Puppy Dance.” The Digital HD copy means you can watch the berry-girls anywhere — even television, computer, tablet and smartphones. “Strawberry Shortcake: Dance Berry Dance” is just delightful with its catchy music and story of dancing. It carries in its stories all the ideas of friendship, learning together, taking care of pets and understanding that everyone has their own special talents. I think that’s what I like best about knowing that Strawberry Shortcake and her friends are still around. My daughters watched the show faithfully when they were children and now here I am watching with my granddaughter who is equally delighted by the characters, music and songs. That’s what continues to bring more and more fans on the journey filled with fun. The animation is always so vivid and colorful which lends itself to the enjoyment of “Strawberry Shortcake.” So get ready to shake your shimmy with the newest installment with “Strawberry Shortcake: Dance Berry Dance.” In the end — it’s time to shake your berry booties! Comments comments Recommend to friends About the Author Jeri Jacquin Jeri Jacquin covers film, television, DVD/Bluray releases, celebrity interviews, festivals and all things entertainment. Recent Issue Facebook Military Press Newspaper 1 day ago Military Press Newspaper shared Mike Rowe's post. ... See MoreSee Less Delayed in Albuquerque So I’m in the airport, marveling at my ability to book yet another delayed flight, when a few dozen active duty Air Force personnel stop by to say hello. Turns out they weren’t shipping out – they were simply on hand to welcome some veterans back home from an Honor Flight. I asked if I could tag along. They said sure. If you’re not familiar with Honor Flights, it’s a charity that operates in various cities all over the country. Their mission is simple: they fly hundreds of WWII and Korean War vets to Washington, D.C., free of charge. There, they visit and reflect – usually for the first time - at the memorial for the war in which they fought. If you’ve not seen video of these men come face to face with an expression of national gratitude, grab a box of tissues and google Honor Flights. It’s powerful, and I think important to see. Anyway, this is the third time I’ve been in an airport when a plane-full of these men and women return home from their visit to the Capital. Today, I happened to be in New Mexico, but it really doesn't matter where I am - it's always the same. It’s always humbling to see them deplane. It’s always uplifting to see strangers stop and applaud. And it’s always an honor to chat them up. I’ve met a handful of ninety-year old men who survived D-Day, Anzio, and The Battle of the Bulge. I’ve met several who walked out of the Chosin Reservoir, and still curse the cold. Their stories are remarkable, and their tears of gratitude upon the receiving an unexpected and spontaneous welcome home will make you forget all about your delayed flight. In fact, it’ll make you happy to be delayed in Albuquerque. Mike Photo View on Facebook ·Share Military Press Newspaper 1 week ago Free screening for military personnel! ... See MoreSee Less Be the first to see ‘Megan Leavey’ militarypress.com Bleecker Street & LD Entertainment have joined forces with AT&T THANKS, Regal Cinemas and MovieTickets.com to bring the true life story, “Megan Leavey,” directed by Gabriela Cowperthwaite t… View on Facebook ·Share Military Press Newspaper 2 weeks ago Military Press Newspaper shared USS Theodore Roosevelt's post. ... See MoreSee Less USS Theodore Roosevelt TR Family and Friends today is an AWESOME day! We have 339 Sailors that have earned a promotion...339!!!! Please help me congratulate them on a job very well done. The Captain, XO and myself are so very proud of them as I know you are too. HECK YEAH....CMC! View on Facebook ·Share Military Press Newspaper 4 weeks ago Who doesn't love 'Working for the Weekend?' ... See MoreSee Less Still rockin’ it, Loverboy comes to Sycuan militarypress.com By Rebecca Jefferis Williamson The Canadian rock band Loverboy’s lead singer, Mike Reno, has a meme about him that asks, “What would Mike Reno do?” Well, Reno will appear at the Sycuan Casino this … View on Facebook ·Share Military Press Newspaper 2 months ago One hundred years ago today, the US officially entered the 'Great War.' ... See MoreSee Less 7 things you may not know about WWI militarypress.com By Katie Lange | DoD News, Defense Media Activity World War I – a.k.a., the Great War – broke out in 1914 and significantly shaped the rest of the 20th Century, abroad and here at home. April 6, 20… View on Facebook ·Share View on Facebook Follow on Twitter Twitter Tweets by @mpnewspaper Twitter Facebook © 2014 The Military Press | 858-537-2280 × Authorization Login Password Registration Login Remember me Enter with social networking Unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem. With Twitter Connect With Google + × Registration Name Email Password Confirm Password Autorization Register * All fields required
@ Contact Newsletter: Camera Reviews Best Cameras Best Cameras Lens Reviews & More Lenses Printers Software Accessories Books Other News How-To Camera Reviews Best Cameras Best Cameras Lenses & More Lenses Printers Software Accessories Books Other News How-To Search ImageFramer 4.0 May 25, 2017 | Zoltan Arva-Toth | Software | Comment | | Tweet Latest Camera Reviews Fujifilm FinePix XP120 Review Fujifilm X-A10 Review Canon PowerShot SX730 HS Review Panasonic Lumix DC-TZ90 Review Canon EOS 77D Review Canon EOS M6 Review Sony Cyber-shot DSC-HX350 Review Fujifilm GFX 50S Review Panasonic Lumix GH5 Review Leica M10 Review Most Popular Cameras Canon PowerShot SX720 HS Canon EOS 1300D Fujifilm X-T20 Panasonic Lumix DC-FZ82 Canon PowerShot G9 X Mark II Nikon Coolpix B500 Fujifilm X100F Sony Cyber-shot DSC-HX90V Nikon Coolpix L340 Fujifilm X-A3 Mac users, we're pleased to announce Macphun's all-in-one photo editor Luminar is now available for just $69£52 for new users, or $59£44 for existing Macphun users. We rated Luminar as "Highly Recommended". Use coupon code "PHOTOBLOG" to save another $10 on Luminar. Visit the Luminar web site to try it for free. Download Luminar & Try Free » Apparent Software has released a new edition of ImageFramer, a well-known image framing application for Mac OS X. Version 4.0 introduces dozens of improvements, including an Adobe Photoshop Lightroom plug-in, batch processing, integration with Apple Photos, and the capability to export and import frames and design templates. "With ImageFramer 4, we focused on improving the workflow for photographers," said Jacob Gorban, Apparent Software's Founder. "We developed an Adobe Photoshop Lightroom export plugin, Apple Photos editing extension, and a built-in Batch Processing module. Additionally, exporting and importing of custom designs eases collaboration between ImageFramer customers." ImageFramer is available in three pricing tiers: US$29.95 for ImageFramer Lite, $39.95 for ImageFramer Standard and $69.95 for ImageFramer Pro. Press Release ImageFramer 4.0 adds major features for photographers and artists WINNIPEG, May 23, 2017 /CNW/ - Apparent Software, the developer of applications for Mac®, launches ImageFramer 4.0, a new major version of its tool for adding photorealistic frames and decorative borders to photos and images of art. Version 4.0 introduces dozens of improvements, including an Adobe Photoshop Lightroom Plugin, Batch Processing, integration with Apple Photos, and the capability to export and import frames and design templates. ImageFramer is the tool of choice for photographers, visual artists, scrapbookers, interior designers and framing professionals for previewing how their art looks in a frame, presenting their work to clients, or in portfolios. With over 1000 customizable frames, ranging from traditional frames through holiday-themed designs to modern and specialty borders, ImageFramer is an indispensable tool in a photographer's or artist's toolbox. "With ImageFramer 4, we focused on improving the workflow for photographers," said Jacob Gorban, Apparent Software's Founder. "We developed an Adobe Photoshop Lightroom export plugin, Apple Photos editing extension, and a built-in Batch Processing module. Additionally, exporting and importing of custom designs eases collaboration between ImageFramer customers." PRICING & AVAILABILITY ImageFramer is available in three pricing tiers: US$29.95 for ImageFramer Lite, $39.95 for ImageFramer Standard and $69.95 for ImageFramer Pro. All versions require macOS 10.11 (El Capitan) or later. Demo versions are available at http://www.apparentsoft.com/imageframer. ABOUT APPARENT SOFTWARE Located in Winnipeg, MB, Apparent Software Inc. is a privately funded company founded in 2006. With a focus on the Mac platform, its mission is creating useful and friendly software, complemented by first-class customer care. Apparent Software is the developer of ImageFramer, Cashculator and Trickster applications. Share Tweet Comment Your Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Home · Camera Reviews · Camera Buying Guide Camera Buying Guide · Lens Reviews · Photography News · How-To Best Digital Cameras Best Digital Cameras · Best DSLRs Best DSLRs · Best Compact Cameras Best Compact Cameras Forums · Photo Gallery · Search · Advertise · About · Privacy · Contact Us © Copyright 2003-2017 Photo 360 Limited
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Nasdaq 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) James Altucher: How I make Warren Buffett work for me Tae Kim CNBC May 26, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Getty Images. James Altucher believes investors can profit by following what the smartest managers like Warren Buffett are buying.More James Altucher believes investors can profit by following what the smartest managers like Warren Buffett are buying. CNBC's Mike Santoli spoke with Altucher in an exclusive interview for CNBC PRO. Santoli asked Altucher about his investment strategy. "I try to look for where are the best investors investing and can I invest at a better price than them," Altucher said. For example, "if Warren Buffett decides I'm going to buy $2 billion worth of Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Apple stock goes down a little bit … I'll buy some Apple stock at a cheaper price than Warren Buffett. It's as if Warren Buffett is my unpaid intern giving me his stock picks for free." In similar fashion he also shared his criteria for early-stage startup investments. "I always assume I'm the dumbest person in the room, which is often accurate. I like to look at companies where there is someone smarter than me, co-investing with me, at the same terms as me," he said. "I like to look for companies that have a CEO who has done it before. They built and sold a company before ... in the same area." Altucher is a successful entrepreneur, angel investor and best-selling author of "Choose Yourself." He is an investor and adviser to over 30 companies and hosts the popular business podcast "The James Altucher Show." See here for the full CNBC PRO report and the interview video. More From CNBC Norwegian Cruise Line to rally 20% on improving demand, analyst says GameStop shares tank despite earnings beat Morning Top 10 Friday Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Massive iPhone 8 Leak 'Confirms' 15 New Features Forbes Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Here's What Happened When Apple's Steve Jobs' Widow Met With Trump After the Immigration Ban The Street Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Apple will face 4 challenges this week that could fundamentally alter its future CNBC.com This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread The Verge In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC All the CEOs who are staying on Trump’s elite advisory board after the Paris climate decision Quartz What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Traveling Just Got Easier With These Credit Cards CompareCards.comSponsored Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider Al Gore: Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris Agreement ‘threatens the ability of humanity to solve the climate crisis in time’ Dsi: Trump did not stop America's programs to reduce CC. He just stopped America from having to give millions to the world's biggest polluters. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.7k
App Store Contact Media Advertise FAQ Newsletter Podcast Videos News Android Audiobooks Bookselling Digital Publishing e-Books e-Paper e-Readers Libraries Reviews Good e-Reader Hardware Good e-Reader 6.8 Good e-Reader 13.3 June 3, 2017 Good E-Reader - eBook, Audiobook and Digital Publishing News Get the latest news on e-Books, Audiobooks, Digital Publishing, Manga, Anime and Tablets Apple hires editor-in-chief for Apple News May 26, 2017 By Michael Kozlowski Leave a Comment Apple has hired Lauren Kern, Executive Editor at New York Magazine to be their first editor-in-chief of Apple News. Her first job is to “vet and make sure that the news providers” in Apple News are legitimate, in an effort to cut down on clickbait. Apple News gathers stories from several leading news sources and displays them all in one place. The app launched on iOS 9 in the United States, and it has since expanded to Australia and the United Kingdom. It remains to be seen with the hiring of an editor if Apple has loftier goals for the news platform. Michael Kozlowski (7050 Posts) Michael Kozlowski is the Editor in Chief of Good e-Reader. He has been writing about electronic readers and technology for the last four years. His articles have been picked up by major and local news sources and websites such as the Huffington Post, CNET and more. Michael frequently travels to international events such as IFA, Computex, CES, Book Expo and a myriad of others. If you have any questions about any of his articles, please send Michael Kozlowski an email to michael@goodereader.com More from my site Scribd Offers Digital Newspaper Articles for Subscribers Audm is a new company that narrates popular news articles Medium Audio Provides Professional Narration for Top Stories Book Sales Remain a Closely Guarded Secret JK Rowling Pleads with Public Not to Buy Stolen Story You can now develop and test IOS apps with a Windows PC Filed Under: Digital Publishing News Good E-Reader Tweets about goodereader Copyright © 2017 Good e-Reader - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Apple is likely making an AI chip for iPhone called Apple Neural Engine Elyse Betters26 May 2017Phones Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple might be developing a new chip to handle artificial intelligence-related tasks on its devices. According to Bloomberg, Apple's dedicated artificial intelligence (AI) chip could be called the Apple Neural Engine, and it would be used to offload AI tasks that require complex algorithms, such as facial and speech recognition and augmented reality (AR) and other intensive features that rely on computer vision. The chip would improve battery live and overall performance of Apple's devices. Keep in mind Bloomberg also reported earlier this year that Apple seems to be actively lessening its reliance on Intel chips by designing its own A-series ARM-based chips for Macs, even though Intel processors have powered Apple's Mac lineup for more than a decade. Apple reportedly wants to offload the Mac's "Power Nap" feature from the main processor, though it has no plans to dump Intel right away. Apple has been investing a lot into its own series of chips for the last seven years. For instance, it even designed an ARM-based chip - the T1 - for the MacBook Pro last autumn. Also, in April, British-based technology Imagination Technologies claimed Apple had ended its long-running partnership because it wanted to instead design and produce its own graphics chip for use in the iPhone and iPad. Which MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Is Apple making its own chips for Macs so it can eventually ditch Intel? Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus: What's the story so far? As for the dedicated AI chip, Apple primarily wants to separate the most heavy tasks from the iPhone’s processor and graphics chip, but it unclear if the chip will be available in devices this year. Bloomberg said Apple is now testing iPhone prototypes with the chip. CEO Tim Cook has also teased several times over the past couple years that Apple sees AI and AR as the future, so it's perfectly believable that the company may be building such technologies into its devices as well as developing a dedicated chip for them. We may learn more at Apple's developers conference in a couple weeks.  Sections Apple Phones Source: Bloomberg Apple WWDC 2017: When is it, where to watch, and what to expect? Samsung made a Pirates of the Caribbean-themed Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy Note 8: What's the story so far? Make your phone battery last longer: Top Huawei P10 and P10 Plus management... Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Apple WWDC 2017: When is it, where to watch, and what to expect? Samsung made a Pirates of the Caribbean-themed Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy Note 8: What's the story so far? Make your phone battery last longer: Top Huawei P10 and P10 Plus management tips What are Moto Mods? Everything you need to know about the snap-on accessories for Moto Z Moto Z2 Play review: All the mod cons Lenovo unveils Moto Z2 Play phone with four new Moto Mods Moto Z2 Play vs Z Play: What’s the difference? Huawei EMUI 5.1 tips and tricks: How to master the P10 and P10 Plus What is Sky Mobile, how much does it cost and what is roll over data? Apple WWDC 2017: When is it, where to watch, and what to expect? Alphabet’s Waymo moves on from cars, now testing self-driving trucks Samsung made a Pirates of the Caribbean-themed Galaxy S8 Snapchat Spectacles tips and tricks: Get creative with your new specs MSI GT83VR Titan preview: Gaming monster with a roar HP Spectre x360 (2017) preview: 15-incher with supermodel looks Toshiba X97 Series OLED TV preview: High-end TV tech, but at what price? Eve V preview: What makes the crowd-funded Surface Pro rival so special? Nintendo Switch online subscription service delayed until 2018 V-Moda Forza Metallo Wireless review: Jaw-dropping sound from new neckband earphones Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Foxconn Insider Leaks Details About iPhone 8, Apple Glasses, E-Ink Keyboard, Siri Speaker, More What We Expect Apple to Announce at WWDC 2017 Live Blog of Apple's 2017 WWDC Keynote Sonos Sale: $100 Off Sonos SUB, $50 Off Two PLAY:1 Speakers [Deal] The Robot Factory is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] iOS 11 Concept Features Updates to Siri, Control Center, Camera, Phone, More [Video] Google Hangouts Now Integrated With the Built-In Phone App on the iPhone Check Out This Gorgeous iPhone Pro Concept [Images] Adobe Releases Free 'Adobe Scan' OCR App for iOS [Download] Microsoft Introduces the Next Generation of Skype [Video] Drone Footage Shows Trees Inside Apple Park Cafe [Video] Apple Begins Decorating the McEnery Convention Center for WWDC 2017 [Photos] Apple Announces Swift Playgrounds Update With Support for Robots, Drones, and Musical Instruments Google Sheets for iOS Now Lets You Insert, Edit, and Change Chart Types Sony Prioritizes Apple CMOS Image Sensor Orders Plex Announces Support for Live TV [Video] Apple Announces Developer Earnings From the App Store Have Topped $70 Billion Apple is Working on Dedicated AI Chip Known as the 'Apple Neural Engine' [Report] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted May 26, 2017 at 9:40pm by iClarified · 11578 views · Translate Apple is working on a dedicated chip that will power Artificial Intelligence functions on its devices, reports Bloomberg. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence -- such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Apple engineers are purportedly racing to catch up with Amazon and Alphabet. Siri gave Apple an early lead in voice recognition but since then its competitors have been more aggressive in deploying AI across product lines with Amazon's Echo and Google Home being notable hits. Currently, artificial intelligence is handled with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks to a dedicated module, likely improving battery performance. Apple is apparently planning to integrate the AI chip into many of its devices including the iPhone and iPad. Sources say the company has already tested future iPhone prototypes with the chip but it's unclear if it will be ready this year. There are already features of Apple's operating system that could be offloaded to the chip including facial recognition in photos, speech recognition, and its predictive keyboard. Developers will reportedly be offered access to the chip so that third party applications can also offload AI tasks. It's possible that Apple could discuss its AI advancements at WWDC in June when it introduces iOS 11. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (6) Add Comment Hijg lander - May 27, 2017 at 7:38am Skynet anyone? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam D4xM4Nx - May 27, 2017 at 6:04am Damn... When Apple starts naming its chips as 'T-*insert any number here' we're basically dead. The machines are coming with a vengeance :P Reply · Like · Mark as Spam cubamark - May 26, 2017 at 11:41pm You might want to amend your headline... it's not a "Neutral" engine. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Bunam - May 26, 2017 at 10:00pm ANE = Âne https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Âne so bad Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Bunam - May 26, 2017 at 10:02pm Âne mean not really smart in french country Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 1 More Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Officials: New evidence emerges in Apple Valley man's murder Friday May 26, 2017 at 3:02 PM May 26, 2017 at 9:58 PM The announcement comes 12 years after 20-year-old Tyrone Bradley was found shot to death in Apple Valley on February 2005. Detectives followed up on several leads at the time, authorities said, but the case went cold until Friday. Paola Baker Staff Writer @DP_PaolaBaker APPLE VALLEY — San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department detectives have reopened a 2005 murder investigation after new leads recently emerged, authorities said Friday. The announcement comes 12 years after 20-year-old Tyrone Bradley was found shot to death in Apple Valley on February 2005. Detectives followed up on several leads at the time, authorities said, but the case went cold until Friday. “Recently, new information has emerged,” sheriff’s officials said in a Friday statement. “Sheriff’s Cold Case detectives reopened the case and are following leads.” Bradley had just left his girlfriend’s apartment in the 20200 block of Serrano Road on February 1, 2005, when he was gunned down, according to a previous sheriff's statement. Detectives found his body in the apartment complex’s parking lot early that morning. No other information was provided Friday. The investigation is ongoing, and anyone with information is urged to contact Specialized Investigations Detective Adam Salsberry at 909-387-3589. Persons wishing to remain anonymous can contact the We-Tip Hotline at 1-800-782-7463 or online at www.wetip.com. Paola Baker may be reached at 760-955-5332 or PBaker@VVDailyPress.com. Follow her on Twitter at @DP_PaolaBaker. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: Extry! Extry! Apple News gets a real… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Bill Maher apologizes Big Sur highway: Worth saving? Skyrocketing campus costs Ropeless Yosemite climb Epic whitewater rafting season Steve Kerr’s return Breaking News Kevin Durant dominates defensively as Warriors push up 2-0 on Cavaliers in Finals Business Biz Break: Extry! Extry! Apple News gets a real editor-in-chief Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) AFP Photo/Gabrielle Lurie/Getty Images This file photo taken on June 13, 2016 shows the Apple logo displayed on a screen at Apple’s annual Worldwide Developers Conference. With Apple’s next WWDC coming up on June 5, the company has hired an editor-in-chief for its Apple News app-based service. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: May 26, 2017 at 3:02 pm | UPDATED: May 26, 2017 at 3:06 pm Top of the Order:   In the News: Have you heard of Apple News before? No, it’s not one of those Apple rumor sites that likes to speculate on things like whether the next iPhone will have a screen that’s 5.6 inches across diagonally or 5.7 inches across diagonally. Rather, Apple News is the news aggregation app that Apple unveiled in 2015. It pulls in news from various outlets like CNN, the New York Times, BuzzFeed, and the Mercury News, and puts stories from those sources in front of iPhone and iPad users based on those people’s interests. You may have recently seen an Apple News item pop up on your iPhone screen telling you about some story that you might want to read. And for the first time, Apple News is getting an honest-to-goodness editor. Related Articles Biz Break: Built-in ad blocking coming to Google’s Chrome browser Biz Break: Developers are rolling in the green from Apple App Store sales Biz Break: Amazon to pay out millions for kids’ unauthorized in-app buys Biz Break: Netflix’s President Underwood is back in office as ‘House of Cards’ returns Biz Break: HP’s quarterly win isn’t a runaway one Apple has hired Lauren Kern to head up the editorial side of its news operation. Kern is coming over to Apple’s Cupertino headquarters from her job as executive editor at New York magazine. CNN reported that New York disclosed Kern’s hiring in an email to the magazine’s staff members. Apple also made some news on Friday as it started to juice enthusiasm for its upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference. The company used its events website to say that the conference keynote address will be webcast on June 5. Chief Executive Tim Cook is expected to unveil multiple updates for Apple’s various device operating systems at the conference in San Jose. Middle Innings: This One Costs This Much, and That One Costs…: Call it a First World Problem, but just how can one tell the difference between a Tesla Model 3 and a Tesla Model S? Oh, my head hurts so bad thinking about it that I feel the need for a bottle of Advil right now. I guess that until now, Tesla hadn’t thought making it as easy as possible for potential customers to figure out which car was best for them was a priority. Well, the pressure on figuring out which Tesla is which has been relieved, thanks to Tesla itself. The company has put out an easy-to-read comparison chart so that if you have a cool $35,000 (the price of the Model 3) just taking up space in your wallet, or an extra $70,000 (what it costs for the Model S), you can now easily go online, look at the cars side by side, and see what your money can buy. Getting a Nicer Lyft: The battle between San Francisco-based ride-sharing leaders Lyft and Uber got a little fancier this week, as Lyft took a step toward luring higher-end customers of Uber’s Black service. Lyft is launching its new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV services, which the company describes as a new, luxury ride option that will go beyond Lyft’s current Premier ride category. Bottom of the Lineup: Investors on Friday seemed to have more of their attention on the upcoming three-day Memorial Day weekend than making a dent in the U.S. stock markets. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index edged up by just under 5 points to end the day at 6,210.19. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average rose only 2.7 points to 21,080.28. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index gained less than 1 point to end the week at 2,415.82. Keep in mind that stock markets will be closed on Monday for Memorial Day. Quote of the Day: “Fitbit is committed to making the best clip and wrist-based activity trackers on the market and are confident in the performance of all of our trackers.” — a Fitbit spokesperson, who spoke after a Stanford study questioned how well fitness trackers like the Fitbit record the calories a person burns. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Lyft Stocks Tesla Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Miss Manners: Impatient customer rammed me with a cart at the grocery store Carolyn Hax: I discovered revenge is not so sweet Ask Amy: My father’s engaged to a woman with a shaky past Roadshow: Thoughtless neighbors and their cars are driving us batty Kevin Durant dominates defensively as Warriors push up 2-0 on Cavaliers in Finals 20 years ago: ‘Bodies came falling out of the sky’ in East Bay water park tragedy Q&A: Steve Kerr explains his decision to return to the sidelines Man knifed on downtown San Jose street expected to survive More in Business Is the Bay Area losing its luster? Workers move to more affordable cities June 02, 2017, 6:27 pm Fewer workers are packing their bags for the Bay Area, where the cost of living is rising. Apple’s developer’s conference may highlight artificial intelligence June 02, 2017, 5:03 pm As Apple readies for its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, experts say it needs to unveil AI-related products In California battles over product labels, industry usually wins June 04, 2017, 3:30 pm California lawmakers have been considering new labels for nail polish, hair dye, cleaning products, plants, and garden flowers, triggering an annual conflict in the state Capitol over how much to tell people about what they buy at the store or use at work. Jack O’Neill, surfing legend who invented wetsuit, is dead June 03, 2017, 2:49 pm His family’s name has become a globally recognized wetsuit and foam board brand for decades. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
New York Chicago Neighborhoods Manhattan Chelsea & Hell's Kitchen Downtown East Village & Lower East Side Greenwich Village & Soho Harlem Midtown & Theater District Murray Hill, Gramercy & Midtown East Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island Upper West Side & Morningside Heights Washington Heights & Inwood Brooklyn Bedford-Stuyvesant Cobble Hill, Carroll Gardens & Red Hook Crown Heights, Prospect Heights & Prospect-Lefferts Gardens Fort Greene & DUMBO Park Slope, Windsor Terrace & Gowanus Williamsburg, Greenpoint & Bushwick Queens Astoria & Long Island City Flushing & Whitestone Forest Hills, Rego Park & Jamaica Jackson Heights & Elmhurst Maspeth, Middle Village & Ridgewood The Rockaways The Bronx Fordham & Tremont Norwood & Bedford Park Riverdale & Kingsbridge South Bronx Woodlawn & Wakefield Staten Island Features Back to School Checklist The Outside Chance New York Visualized Apartmentality Get Out & Do This Openings & Closings Principal Of The Week This Is New York Holidays in the Neighborhood News Arts & Entertainment Crime & Mayhem Education Food & Drink Health & Wellness Parenting & Schools Politics Real Estate Transportation Urban Animals Weather FOLLOW FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Instagram RSS SUBSCRIBE Neighborhood Partners Advertise With Us Contact Us Our Team Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2017 DNAinfo Search Search Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island Crime & Mayhem Teen Steals iPhone, Orders Cab Through App on Victim's Cell, Police Say By Shaye Weaver |&nbspMay 26, 2017 5:26pm | Updated on May 30, 2017 9:53am @shayeweaver Twitter Facebook Email More The teen ordered a taxi back to his East Harlem home using the stolen iPhone, police said. View Full Caption Shutterstock UPPER EAST SIDE — The phone may be smart, but this thief wasn't. An East Harlem teen snatched an iPhone out of a woman's hand last month, using one of her apps to hail cab and flee the scene, snapping a selfie of himself on the device and even logging in to his own Apple account, police said.  The 38-year-old victim was walking home on April 8, around 10:30 p.m., when the 17-year-old suspect ran up behind her outside of 407 E. 61st St. and grabbed her purse out of her hands, the NYPD said. Running toward York Avenue, the teen used her iPhone 6's Gett app to order a taxi back to his home in East Harlem, police said. He also took a selfie, which was uploaded to the victim's iCloud account, and signed into his own personal Apple account on iPhone 6S, according to authorities. Detectives tracked the suspect down and arrested him on May 23 at 11 a.m., police said. He was arraigned on three counts of grand larceny and his bail was set at $7,500 cash or bond. Other notable crimes in this week’s blotter from the 19th Precinct include: ► Elderly Aunt Scammed Out of $6,400 An 85-year-old Upper East Side woman fell victim to a phone scam on Thursday, when a man called claiming to be a detective at 4 p.m., police said. The man told her that her niece was in jail and that the woman could bail her out by purchasing store gift cards from Best Buy, Walmart, Target and Home Depot. The man advised her not to tell the cashier why she would be buying the cards. When she went to Home Depot, the cashier asked why she wanted to purchase $6,400 in gift cards, and the woman made up an excuse, police said. Later, after the woman had given the card numbers over the phone to the scammers, she discovered that her niece was not in jail. ► Breakfast Food Bandit Hits Gristedes A 38-year-old East Harlem man was arrested for trying to steal bacon and coffee from the Gristedes at 202 E. 96th St., near Third Avenue, on Saturday, at 10:50 a.m., police said. When employees caught him on camera putting the items into a laundry bag and tried to stop him from leaving, the suspect grabbed his bag from them, flailed his arms and kicked an employee. The items he tried to steal were eight Café Bustelo Coffee containers worth $52, seven Applegate bacon packages worth $52, five Godshall bacon packages worth $30, and three Oscar Mayer turkey bacon packages worth $17, police said. He was charged with robbery. A manager at Gristedes declined to comment. ► Don't Give Your Purse to Strangers A 38-year old woman had her purse stolen at Ethyl's Alcohol & Food at 1629 Second Ave., near 85th Street, Friday morning at 2:45 a.m., after handing it to a stranger at the bar while going to dance, police said.  When she returned, the person had vanished with the $2,000 Tod's snakeskin purse, which contained a $400 Louis Vuitton keychain, $100 in cash, $200 in makeup, a $400 Tom Ford perfume bottle, her license, and an American Express card. A spokesperson for Ethyl's did not immediately return a request for comment. ► Locker Theft at Lenox Hill Hospital A Brooklyn man had his wallet stolen from a locker at Lenox Hill Hospital when he went for an MRI at the 100 E. 77th St. medical center on Tuesday, police said. At 7 p.m., the 31 year old put his $300 Paul Smith wallet that had cash and multiple credit cards inside of a hospital locker before going in for his MRI, police said. When he returned to the locker, it was missing. Reps for Lenox Hill Hospital did not immediately return a request for comment.  ► Fake Bottle Return at Duane Reade A 28-year-old cashier from Brooklyn was seen on camera processing fake bottle returns and pocketing the cash at the Duane Reade at 1550 Third Ave. at 87th Street, police said. Between April 20 and May 21, he took $2,050, police said. He was charged with grand larceny. ► Bloomingdale's Targeted for Fraud and Theft Two men were arrested for trying to buy high-end items at the 1000 Third Ave. Bloomingdale's with fake credit cards, police said. A 38-year-old suspect purchased two pairs of Ferragamo shoes worth $740 and two Ferragamo belts worth $975 using a fake credit card on Wednesday at 6 p.m. He was charged with grand larceny, two counts of possession of a forged instrument, and one count of criminal possession of stolen property. A 19-year-old Queens man tried picking up two Burberry shirts valued at $288 that he bought with an account that didn't belong to him on Thursday around 7 p.m. He used a fake ID to pick up the items, but store security stopped him and he was charged with petit larceny and criminal possession of a forged instrument. ► Drunk Driver Refuses Breath Test A New Jersey man was arrested for drunk driving when police pulled him over for recklessly driving his 2016 Chevy Wagon along East 60th Street, First Avenue and East 61st Street Thursday shortly after 2:30 a.m., police said. He made an improper turn and disobeyed traffic light, and refused to take a Breathalyzer test when he was stopped. The driver was charged with aggravated unlicensed operation of a vehicle, unlicensed driving, operating a motor vehicle while intoxicated and operating a motor vehicle while impaired by alcohol.  Twitter Facebook Email More Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandRats Run Amok Outside Roosevelt Island School Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandCelebrate Frank Lloyd Wright's Birthday with Cake at the Guggenheim Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island2nd Avenue Subway Service Resumes After Hours-Long Power Outage, MTA Says Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island35 Percent of Eligible Kindergarteners Shut Out of City’s Gifted Programs Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandNYCHA Tenants 'Trapped in Shadows of Wealthy' Under City Plan, Electeds Say Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandSalt Seeping Into Underground Cable Likely Sparked UES Manhole Fire: Con Ed Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island5 Manholes Catch Fire on Upper East Side, Officials Say Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandRobber Threatens to Throw Acid on Women at Upper East Side ATM, NYPD Says Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandMuseum Mile Fest Promises Salsa Dance Lessons With Free Admission Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandNearly 300 'High-End' Trash Bins Added to Upper East Side Streets Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandBattery Park City Is Home to Nation's Priciest Rents: Study Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandStraphangers Will Foot the Bill for New MTA Capital Plan, MTA Chair Says Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandYou Have To Earn $240K a Year to Afford a 3-Bedroom in Manhattan Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandFlatiron's 5th Ave. Sees Retail Rent Increases Amid Slowdown, Study Says Get our daily Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island news and alerts! Subscribe By clicking subscribe, I agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thank you for signing up! Would you like to sign up for additional newsletters? Thank you for signing up for additional newsletters. News Alert New York City Manhattan Chelsea & Hell's Kitchen Downtown East Village & Lower East Side Greenwich Village & SoHo Harlem Midtown & Theater District Murray Hill, Gramercy & Midtown East Upper West Side & Morningside Heights Washington Heights & Inwood News Alert Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Staten Island Add to my subscription Get our daily Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island news and alerts! Subscribe By clicking subscribe, I agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thank you for signing up! Would you like to sign up for additional newsletters? Thank you for signing up for additional newsletters. News Alert New York City Manhattan Chelsea & Hell's Kitchen Downtown East Village & Lower East Side Greenwich Village & SoHo Harlem Midtown & Theater District Murray Hill, Gramercy & Midtown East Upper West Side & Morningside Heights Washington Heights & Inwood News Alert Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Staten Island Add to my subscription Recommended Concourse » Bronx Pols Slam Council Candidate Over Racially Charged Tweet Astoria » Homophobic Obama Graffiti Vandal Arrested For Astoria Spree, Police Say Jamaica Estates » Trump's Childhood Home Has Become an Overgrown Eyesore, Neighbors Say East Harlem » El Barrio Week Returns With Dominoes and Dance Parties You need an iframes capable browser to view this content. DNAinfo is New York's leading neighborhood news source. We deliver up-to-the-minute reports on entertainment, education, politics, crime, sports, and dining. Our award-winning journalists find the stories - big or small - that matter most to New Yorkers. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright © 2009-2017, DNAinfo. All Rights Reserved. News Arts & Entertainment Crime & Mayhem Education Food & Drink Health & Wellness Parenting & Schools Politics Real Estate Transportation Urban Animals Weather Features Back to School Checklist The Outside Chance New York Visualized Apartmentality Get Out & Do This Openings & Closings Principal Of The Week This Is New York Holidays in the Neighborhood DNAinfo Neighborhood Partners Advertise with Us Contact Us Our Team Careers Media Kit Follow Us Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Instagram RSS SUBSCRIBE DNAinfo Neighborhood Partners Advertise with Us Contact Us Our Team Careers Media Kit Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright © 2009-2017, DNAinfo. All Rights Reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:56 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPhone 8 Release Date Delayed? Production Issues Could Postpone Apple's New iPhone, Report Says By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 05/26/17 AT 5:25 PM Close An Apple analyst said Apple’s iPhone 8 will be delayed during shipping and won’t start production until the first quarter of 2018, according to a report from AppleInsider. Jun Zhang, an analyst at Rosenblatt Securities, said in a note to investors that issues with the iPhone 8’s reported rear fingerprint sensor will delay the smartphone’s launch and that materials for its production won’t be available until the holiday 2017 quarter. As a result, Zhang said production orders for the new iPhone 8 will also be smaller than expected. As AppleInsider notes, Rosenblatt has also maintained an aggressively low target of $120 for Apple stock, despite its current price of around $150. Read: Alleged Images Of Apple Smartphone Show Touch ID On Back Of Device, Matte Black Model In the past, Zhang and Rosenblatt's predictions have sometimes been aggressive towards Apple. As AppleInsider pointed out, Zhang previously wrote in 2016 that if the Apple iPhone 7 didn’t have a significant panel upgrade, it would lack a driving feature for sales. The iPhone 7 would go on to fuel stronger year-over-year sales for Apple in the first quarter of 2017. While Apple has kept many details for the iPhone 8 under wraps, various leaks have provided a basic outline for the upcoming smartphone. Apple is expected to pair the iPhone 8 release with an iPhone 7s and 7s Plus refresh. The iPhone 8 is also expected to be a more boutique smartphone model with a possible price point of more than $1,000. The rear of the new iPhone is also expected to include a fingerprint sensor, similarly to the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel. The rumored issues with the fingerprint sensor also come alongside similar product delay issues with the iPhone 8. Previously, it was rumored that Apple wanted to include Touch ID — where a user can validate their identity with a fingerprint — directly into the iPhone display. However, Apple reportedly ran into problems during the production process for the feature. At the time, Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri said Apple could potentially choose to either rely entirely on the front-facing camera with facial recognition for user validation. Apple could also move the Touch ID to the phone's backside or delay production on the phone, but still announce it alongside the iPhone 7s and 7s Plus. Read: Apple iPhone 8's High Price Will Not Dampen Sales, Survey Says For Apple, the company has ample reasons to ensure that the iPhone 8 hits the same heights of past iPhone releases. While the iPhone remains a driving factor in Apple’s current success, the smartphone field will see several high-profile releases this year like the LG G6 and has already seen similar flagship models like the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel. Apple likely wants ensure that it gets the iPhone 8 launch right and maintains its current status as a market leader. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Siri To Get Galaxy S8's Bixby Vision Like Feature? Goldman Sachs Says iPhone 8 Will Cost $1,000 Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World ISIS Claims Responsibility For London Bridge Attack London Mayor Sadiq Khan says he's too busy to respond to President Donald Trump's tweets about the incident that left seven dead and dozens injured. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Mobile Tech Apple reportedly developing a dedicated AI chip for the iPhone New, 87 comments It might be called the Apple Neural Engine by Nick Statt@nickstatt May 26, 2017, 4:32pm EDT share tweet Linkedin James Bareham Apple is reportedly working on a dedicated artificial intelligence chip that would power AI-related tasks on mobile devices, according to a report from Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman. The chip, which may be called the Apple Neural Engine, would be used to offload tasks that require sophisticated algorithms related to facial and speech recognition and augmented reality tasks that rely heavily on computer vision. This chip could improve the device’s overall battery life, the report says, and potentially improve overall performance of Apple devices. It’s unclear if the chip would make its way into devices this year, Bloomberg reports, but Apple has already started testing future iPhone prototypes with the chip. The ultimate goal would be to separate the most computationally intensive tasks from the iPhone’s processor and graphics chip — much in the same way Apple uses distinct chips to power motion sensing across its device line and the chip that helps its AirPods more easily sync wirelessly with the iPhone. Apple is getting serious about AI The iPhone maker is typically tight-lipped on any and all developments regarding future products. But CEO Tim Cook has, over the last few years, dropped hints in interviews that augmented reality and AI are the two core pillars of Apple’s future. Both provide avenues into promising new technologies like self-driving cars, more sophisticated digital assistants, and the kind of image recognition that could imbue a smartphone with the ability to understand and contextualize the world. Though we haven’t seen Apple make any public AI announcements outside its occasional Siri update, the company has been on a hiring spree to scoop up top industry talent. Other news of its other commitments to the field have also begun trickling out. In January, Apple joined the Partnership on AI, a research group made up of other Silicon Valley giants concerned with examining the ethical ripple effects of automation, robotics, and digital intelligence. Apple also started allowing its AI researchers to publish papers last year, as a way to retain the field’s best academics. In February, Apple announced that it would be expanding its Seattle office, where much of its AI and machine learning work is done. Next Up In Tech Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? X Prize assembled a supergroup of sci-fi authors to develop its next competitions New deals on the Sonos Play:1, Amazon Echo, and more of the week’s best tech sales Now Trending Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? Or any celeb photos? Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread Details on the iPhone 8, AR Glasses, Siri Speaker, MacBook and more SpaceX sticks 11th rocket landing after launching first used Dragon capsule Five ground landings attempted and five ground landings achieved Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 6. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology by Rich McCormick 4 comments / new Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread by Andrew Liptak 45 comments / new No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you by Miriam Nielsen and Kimberly Mas 6 comments / new Wonder Woman has come a long way since this failed 1967 screen test by Kwame Opam 3 comments / new UK prime minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following London attacks by Andrew Liptak 21 comments / new After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious by Andrew Liptak 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple ‘Neural Engine’ AI processor tipped in development Brittany A. Roston - May 26, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple is developing a chip called ‘Neural Engine’ that will be dedicated to artificial intelligence tasks, according to new sources. This AI processor will handle things like speech recognition, facial recognition, and other ‘advanced capabilities’ for Apple products. Artificial intelligence tasks will reportedly be handled by this new dedicated chip rather than the device’s primary processor, helping with battery life and more. The Apple Neural Engine, according to Bloomberg, is part of Apple’s new push to further develop its artificial intelligence capabilities, enabling it to keep pace with Google and Amazon, which are heavily pushing the technology at the consumer level. Sources state this not-yet-confirmed chip will eventually make its way into the iPhone and iPad, among other things, assuming Apple doesn’t scrap the project entirely. Which tasks, exactly, the Neural Engine will handle is unclear. The sources indicate that Apple is considering different things that may be dedicated to the future chip, including predictive text and apps’ facial/speech recognition. It is also possible that Apple will open the chip up to its developers so that third-party AI features can utilize the hardware. One source claimed that Apple is far enough along in the development process to have already tested a future iPhone prototype containing the Apple Neural Engine processor, but whether it will arrive in the iPhone 8 is unknown. It is possible we’ll be hearing about the company’s artificial intelligence endeavors at its upcoming developers conference, though the sources weren’t clear about whether Apple will unveil the technology then. SOURCE: Bloomberg Story Timeline IFTTT gives Makers the multi-stage IoT Applets partners had to pay for Belkin Wemo Bridge adds Apple HomeKit to smart plugs, switches Apple's streaming WWDC 2017 keynote is June 5th: How to watch Tags ApplehardwareProcessor Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple developing dedicated AI chip for future devices Cody Lee on May 26, 2017 0 Apple is working on a processor dedicated specifically to AI-related tasks, reports Bloomberg. Citing sources familiar with the matter, the outlet says the chip is known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, and its goal is to improve the way devices handle facial recognition, speech recondition and other AI-related tasks. Currently, Apple devices handle complex AI processes with two different chips—the main processor and the GPU. This new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for complex artificial intelligence processing, resulting in better battery life and performance. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. It’s no surprise Apple looking to move quickly with this AI chip. Other manufacturers, such as Google and Qualcomm, are already using dedicated AI modules, and artificial intelligence sits at the heart of two major spaces the company is rumored to be interested in: self-driving vehicles and augmented reality. Source: Bloomberg Tagged: AI Apple Artificial intelligence Chip Chips News Report Rumors MORE FROM iDB In time for iPhone 9, TSMC’s 7nm tech moving to volume production in 2018 Google could launch Assistant for iOS soon as a standalone app TSMC resolves manufacturing woes, kicks off production of A11 chips for upcoming iPhones and iPads Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Apple is working on a ‘Neural Engine’ to improve AI in iOS devices Image Source: Apple Jacob Siegal @JacobSiegal May 26th, 2017 at 5:07 PM Share Tweet Apple is developing a processor dedicated to AI-related tasks, according to a new report from Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman. Gurman’s source says that the chip is known internally as the ‘Apple Neural Engine,’ and that it will be used to improve the way that Apple’s myriad devices respond to requests that typically require human intelligence, including facial recognition and speech recognition. Don't Miss: New report reaffirms the iPhone 8’s most exciting new feature The report claims that Apple is in a rush to catch up with its competition at Amazon and Google when it comes to artificial intelligence. Although Siri was the first virtual assistant to reach the mainstream, it has since been surpassed by the like of Alexa and Google Assistant, both of which have become even more ubiquitous with the release of smart speakers like Amazon Echo and Google Home. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. As it stands, Apple uses the main processor and the graphics chip to run virtually everything on its iOS devices, including AI processes. The Neural Engine would allow Apple to offload those processes onto a discreet module, freeing up the other chips and possibly improving battery life in the process. One source says that Apple will eventually implement the chip into its most popular devices, including the iPhone and iPad. The company has even begun testing new iPhone models with the Neural Engine, but it’s unclear if it will be ready in time for the launch of the iPhone 7s and iPhone 8 this fall. Depending on how far along the project is by next month, there’s a chance Apple will take some time at its annual WWDC conference to discuss it advancements in the AI field. The AI chip would join iOS 11 and and new MacBooks as the featured topics of discussion for the event, which starts on June 5th. Tags: Apple View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You Why would you even own a Nintendo Switch without these 5 must-have accessories? By Maren Estrada 2 days ago People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly By Chris Smith 15 hours ago The OnePlus 5’s signature feature might have just been confirmed By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/apple-developing-neural-engine-chip-says-bloomberg-1495830777 Tech Trader Daily Apple Developing ‘Neural Engine’ Chip, Says Bloomberg Bloomberg's Mark Gurman writes that Apple is developing a custom chip to speed up functions on iPhone and iPad that pertain to artificial intelligence, the last development in custom circuits dedicated to A.I. and machine learning. By Tiernan Ray May 26, 2017 4:32 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Apple (AAPL) is working on a computer chip that would “offload” tasks in artificial intelligence, according to an article today by Mark Gurman of Bloomberg, citing a single unnamed source. Gurman writes that the A.I. chip, dubbed "Apple Neural Engine” internally, would be meant for “devices,” meaning, the company’s iPhone and iPad. It’s not yet clear if it will be available this year, according to his source. Gurman writes that the device is meant to take over some processing done currently by the microprocessor or “application processor,” and by the graphics processing unit, or “GPU,” circuitry. Apple’s custom “A” series chips in its iOS devices fulfill both those roles. As Gurman notes, Alphabet’s (GOOGL) Google unit has developed its own chips for machine learnings, called “TPUs,” the second version of which were shown by the company last week at its annual developer conference. Such chips can to an extent be competition for parts from Nvidia (NVDA), AMD (AMD), and Intel (INTC), at least in the data center. I penned an article for Barron’s print magazine in October of 2015 that said cloud computing companies would develop more and more custom parts for tasks that relate to A.I., such as machine learning. Google, for one, has boasted of how its chips can beat traditional CPUs and GPUs in machine-learning tasks. Apple stock today closed down 26 cents at $153.61. Text Size Regular Medium Large chips gpu iOS iPad iPhone mobile semiconductor smartphone tablet Global Tiernan Ray tiernan.ray@barrons.com • @barronstechblog PREVIOUS GrubHub: Good News, Bad News in 'Point of Sale,' Driver Network, Says Monness NEXT Mitel, After a Stumble, Returns to Its Value Roots Most Popular The Surprising Threat to the American Economy 6 Dividend Stocks That Hedge Against Inflation The Winners: Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon.com AI Opens New Doors for Chip Makers, Investors Jason Trennert: Trump Trade “Underpriced” Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI Apple is reportedly developing a dedicated AI chip Khari Johnson@kharijohnson May 26, 2017 1:39 PM Above: HONG KONG - CIRCA NOVEMBER, 2016: Inside an Apple store. Image Credit: Sorbis/Shutterstock Apple is reportedly working on a chip for its devices to process artificial intelligence. Called the Apple Neural Engine internally, the chip will assist in functions such as computer vision, speech recognition, facial recognition, and other forms of artificial intelligence, an anonymous source told Bloomberg. Third-party developers will be offered access to the chip in order to run their own AI, the source said. Most A-Series chips that act as the main processors for iPhones and iPads are currently used to perform AI computation. More news on the subject could be on the way at WWDC, the annual developer conference to take place June 5-9 in San Jose, California. In 2013, Apple brought the M7 motion processor to iPhone 5S to operate alongside its CPU. This AI chip appears to take the same approach. Unlike Google, which has AI chips dedicated to cloud computing, Apple is apparently looking to include AI chips directly inside its devices. The Apple Neural Engine news comes just a week after Google debuted the second generation of its tensor processing unit, a Google Cloud-based chip for both the inference and training of artificial intelligence. Also last week, Google released TensorFlow Lite for Android app developers to incorporate AI into their products. VB Recommendations Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad? Massless lets you write with a pen in virtual reality
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Android inventor Andy Rubin's 'Essential' AR phone he hopes will take on Apple and Google to launch next week Rubin left Google two years ago and has been setting up new firm Believed he has around 40 employees, many from Apple and Rubin Phone will allow users to plug in new modules such as a 3D camera  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 16:39 EDT, 26 May 2017 | Updated: 18:27 EDT, 26 May 2017 e-mail 32 shares 18 View comments The inventor of Android is set to re-enter the phone market - and believes he can take on Apple and Google.  Andy Rubin has revealed a glimpse of his firm's new handset with what appears to be a 360 degree camera. It has raised speculation the handset will has a port on top to enable accessories to be plugged in - including the camera, which could be used to create augmented reality apps. Scroll down for video Essential tweeted this image showing what appears to be a 360 degree camera on top An edited version of the image reveals what looks like a 360 degree camera Earlier this year it was reported Rubin had recruited over 40 people to his new firm, to be called Essential, according to Bloomberg. It aims to build an entire technology ecosystem using AI - from phones and smart home gadgets to app stores. A previous tweet shows an extremely small bezel, with Rubin saying he was 'excited to get it into more people's hands'. Rubin also teased last month that Essential is working on a device that would have 360-degree video recording capabilities RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next NASA to reveal new details on groundbreaking mission to... Google founder Sergey Brin's secret plans to build the... Trump's budget cuts would kill off West Coast quake warning... No slacking off in class! Paris school reveals controversial... Share this article Share 32 shares A previous tweet shows an extremely small bezel, with Rubin saying he was 'excited to get it into more people's hands'. 'Armed with about a 40-person team, filled with recruits from Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc.'s Google, Rubin is preparing to announce a new company called Essential and serve as its Chief Executive Officer, according to people familiar with the matter,' Bloomberg said. A search in LinkedIn reveals several of the employees, including Niccolo De Masi, the ex-CEO of Glu Mobuile, who is listed as the firm's President & COO.  Rubin also recently hired Andy Fouché from Magic Leap, a Google backed firm developing AR glasses.  Bloomberg claims Essential will produce an range of both home and mobile products, and Rubin discussed his handset plans with Sprint executives at the recent CES show. Rubin also teased last month that Essential is working on a device that would have 360-degree video recording capabilities ANDY RUBIN'S CAREER  Born in 1963, New Yorker Any Rubin worked on the first generation of wireless digital assistants, known as PDA. In December 1999 he launched Danger, creator of the Hiptop, a proto-smartphone, which was later bought by Microsoft.  Rubin cofounded Android in 2003 and sold it to Google in 2005, moving to the firm. In December 2013, Rubin started management of the robotics division of Google, before leaving on 30 October 2014 to start an incubator for hardware startups. Rubin and his wife, Rie, also own and operate Voyageur du Temps, a bakery in Los Altos, CA.   Rubin registered Essential Products Inc. with California regulators in November 2015, and in late 2016, the company registered 'Essential' with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. There, it listed smartphones, tablets, accessories and 'computer operating software for mobile phones' among its goods and services.  According to Bloomberg, the handset will be aimed at the luxury end of the market, and could be expanded using plug in modules.  Rubin is aiming to put the phone on sale around the middle of this year for a price close to that of an iPhone 7 ($649), a person familiar with the matter told Bloomberg, although they admitted 'all of the plans are still in flux'. Rubin is convinced AI is the next big change to ripple through the technology industry.  'New computing platforms happen every 10 to 12 years,' he said at the Bloomberg Technology Conference in June.  He believes that AI in the future will go one step further - being so powerful that it underpins every connected device. Mr Rubin said a combination of quantum computing and AI advancements could yield a conscious intelligence that would control every internet-enabled gadget.  Andy Rubin has recruited over 40 people to his new firm, to be called Essential, according to Bloomberg. It aims to build an entire technology ecosystem from phones to app stores and smart home gadgets.  'If you have computing that is as powerful as this could be, you might only need one. 'It might not be something you carry around; it just has to be conscious.' While Mr Rubin's claims are currently theoretical, his investment fund, Playground Global, is investing $300 million in companies trying to make this future of AI a reality. One of the companies his fund is investing in, is a quantum computing firm. Its name has not been disclosed. The company is made up of researchers who may one day be able to commercialise quantum devises using standard manufacturing processes, which could massively boost processing power.  Bloomberg claims Essential will produce an range of both home and mobile products, and Rubin (pictured) discussed his handset plans with Sprint executives at the recent CES show. Mr Rubin said: 'In order for AI to blossom and fulfill consumer needs, it has to be about data. 'That's where robotics come in - robots are walking mobile sensors, who can sense their environment and interact and learn from those interactions.'  Foxconn is in talks to manufacture Rubin's new smartphone, according to people familiar with the matter. At least one prototype of Rubin's phone boasts a screen larger than the iPhone 7 Plus's (5.5-inches) but has a smaller overall footprint because of the lack of bezels, one of the people said.   RUBIN'S DOG TAKES ON A ROBOT   While at Google's Rubin's dog hit the headlines after taking on a robot. A feisty terrier has taken on Boston Dynamics' 'Spot' dog by barking at it and even giving chase, showing that in the event of a robot uprising, dogs will still be man's best friend.The dog, named Cosmo, is said to belong to Andy Rubin, the co-founder of Android, who has previously managed the robotics program at Google. Google acquired Boston Dymamics, which makes numerous sized robotic animals in differing sizes, including Spot, which can run, climb stairs, jog next to its owner and even cope with being kicked. Share or comment on this article e-mail 32 shares Most watched News videos Cheeky monkey pulls on woman's shirt as she tries to take picture Woman attempts to ride cooler down steep hill at rodeo Cops SLAM teen into sand after massive brawl on New Jersey beach Giant octopus makes desperate bid to escape aquarium New video shows US intercepting fake nuke in flight test Pentagon successfully shoots down a mock nuclear warhead Amazing 'leaked' film of 'alien craft' being tested over Area 51 Cub causes panda-monium trying to steal crate full of bamboo Street artist paints entire portrait upside down Russian MMA fighter gets SLAPPED by his mum after losing fight Dad pranks his son picking him up from school wearing only a SPEEDO Stunning footage of old cargo ship sunk in the 1940s Child's play! Kids play with guns, tanks and mortar... ‘Ceceokok wasn’t the first thing I built': Facebook... From an illegal race to the 'Formula 1 of bike racing':... New lease of life for the ageing Warthog: A-10 tankbuster... Putin goes on the attack over claim he meddled in... Did Kim Jong-un have his brother killed because he feared... Martial arts: Skilled street performer wows crowds in... Thirteen Turkish soldiers killed after military... South Korean president is 'shocked' his advisers did not... South Korea conducts joint drill with US supersonic B-1B... Philippines leader Duterte steps up bombing raids on... Trump has a four-point diplomatic plan for dealing with... Amazon's share price tops $1,000 for the first time -... Trump tweets that North Korea has shown 'great disrespect... WWII Marine, 93, who took a good luck flag from a dead... What a catch! Dodgers ballgirl snatches a hard-hit foul... Voodoo monster who made a fool of America... until they... Mosul to be freed from ISIS by June 10 - exactly three... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 18 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and filmed arguing with officers after unfurling an ISIS flag in a park in a Channel 4 documentary 5 videos Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL AFLW Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Eating Out Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Classifieds Tributes Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Police shooting Barrister fights order to pay police officer $150,000 over shooting death of Tyler Cassidy Law & Order Ex soldier pleads guilty to manslaughter over death of former bikie Man charged Ocean Grove man Matthew Bate dies while holidaying with mates in San Francisco Public transport Man wanted over numerous sexual assaults on Melbourne’s trams Building destroyed Man killed in Tarneit crash, fire Health toll Sugar substitutes: Experts investigate sweeteners’ health toll Wildlife Healesville Sanctuary: Bubble bid to save seabirds from balloons Massive cleanup Fire crews battle Coolaroo recycling factory blaze Tech revolution Emily Renfrey gets a helping hand, thanks to Mat Bowtell’s revolutionary prosthetic limb Optimism Male baby boomers the most optimistic Australians, survey shows Cost blowout Bungled bill pain: Faulty gas meter causes $24k bill blowout Train Wi-Fi Passengers will use their smartphones to find seats on Metro Rail system, says rail data expert Cancer survivors Breast cancer survivors to benefit from a fertility calculator Air ambulance Boy injured in Milawa quad bike incident Defying terror Police presence increased in Melbourne after London terror attack Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Odds.com.au Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « The May Cover of the 'The New Yorker' Magazine was designed on an iPad Pro by Artist Jorge Colombo | Main | Apple's advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a 'Neural Engine' Chip now Emerges » May 26, 2017 The Case about the Downing of an Air Egypt Flight related to Apple Devices is still ongoing with Apple not Involved   In January Patently Apple posted a report tiled "A Weak Circumstantial Theory by French Investigators Points to Fiery Apple Device Bringing Down Air Egypt." At the time the French newspaper Le Parisien quoted Apple stating that "We were not contacted by the GTA or any other authority investigating this tragic event. We have not had access to the report, but our understanding is that there is no evidence linking this event to Apple products. We are entirely at the disposal of the investigators to answer any question. We rigorously test our products to ensure that they comply or exceed international safety standards."   Today a a follow-up report from the Le Parisien surfaced. The French report supposedly asked Apple again for comment on the matter and Apple gave them a response. However, the response was word for word identical to the statement given in January. So it's either that Apple legal has a set response on this matter or the reporter made no such follow-up call to Apple.   With that said, the report notes that there were three investigating judges in charge of the investigation. On May 17 a document was made public. The French paper notes that the "complexity and the technicality of the Mission", the judges chose specialists who were not on the usual list of experts of the Ministry of Justice. They retained a research engineer at the CNRS, a doctor of solids physics from the Ministry of hosts and a specialist in battery and battery engineering, which also depends on the Ministry of the Armies. Their mission? Determine precisely whether these devices, and in particular their batteries, were able to trigger the disaster. Experts are asked to acquire "three iPad mini Wi-Fi 3G Model A 1455" and "three iPhone 6s, both new and used". Smartphones and tablets will be put to the test.   The report further noted that most importantly, experts will have to "provoke a thermal runaway", write the judges in their mission letter. After determining if the devices can catch fire, the experts will have to cause this fire, in order to calculate in particular the heat radiation produced and to analyze the soots and fumes that come out. By this expertise, filmed and recorded, the investigators seek to know whether the tablet and smartphone can ignite spontaneously and, if so, under what conditions and at what speed; And, finally, to determine whether the combustion of the aircraft was able to make the aeroplane uncontrollable and/or asphyxiate the pilots.   Their report must be submitted to the judge before September 30th. This orientation of the investigation comes after careful work of the search section of the Air Transport Gendarmerie (GTA). They had identified the presence of the Apple products through cameras that scanned the cockpit of the device parked at its departure station at Roissy Airport. But also during the passage to the security control of the crews, who scanned their personal belongings. "The equation of this tragedy is perhaps to be found in the connection of these devices between the current delivered by the plugs behind the copilot and the reception of this current by lithium-battery devices," indicates a source close to the record.   Even with the fire on the Southwest Airlines plane due to a fire from a Galaxy Note 7 battery, the fumes didn't overwhelm anyone on the plane. Making the leap to an Apple device fire overwhelming both the pilot and co-pilot seems to be a wild guess. The testing that is being requested is going to take a long time to examine and there's still no way of knowing what will come of the test noted earlier.   With so much terrorist activity in-play these days, it's bizarre that the focus of the investigation in still on Apple devices. Last September a Russian jet blew up over Egypt due to a terrorist device. In the case focused on Apple devices, the UK's Guardian pointed to Terrorism for the crash of flight MS804 being likely, not Apple devices.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 26, 2017 at 01:50 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Apple's future iPhones may have chip dedicated to A.I. Apple is reportedly working on a dedicated AI chip named Apple Neural Engine It could be used for smart cars, Siri and augmented reality The chip may one day land in iPhones and iPads, Bloomberg said Todd Haselton | @robotodd Friday, 26 May 2017 | 4:11 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Tim Cook Apple is reportedly building its own processor dedicated to artificial intelligence, called the Apple Neural Engine, according to Bloomberg. The chip may be required to help Apple power software in self-driving cars and augmented reality. It could also help improve Apple's Siri voice assistant on a local level. show chapters Is Wall Street hype too much for Apple's iPhone 8 to live up to?    Tuesday, 23 May 2017 | 5:21 PM ET | 03:38 Bloomberg said that Apple "plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad." Apple has already tested a version of an iPhone with the chip inside, but we might not see that in September when Apple launches its new iPhones. Google already offers a dedicated AI processor known as the Tensor Processing Unit. Qualcomm has similar technology inside existing mobile processors. Apple may discuss its AI plans during WWDC in June, Bloomberg said. Apple declined to comment to CNBC. Read the full Bloomberg story here. CNBC's Josh Lipton contributed to this report. Watch: Put your money in Apple or Facebook? show chapters Where to put your money: Apple or Facebook?    Friday, 26 May 2017 | 2:04 PM ET | 03:35 Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Review: Apple's Beddit Sleep Monitor Offers a Comprehensive Look at Sleep Quality Friday May 26, 2017 12:33 PM PDT by Juli Clover Earlier this month, Apple purchased its first company that develops health-related hardware, Beddit. Beddit makes an iPhone-connected Sleep Monitor that tracks a wide range of sleep-related metrics, from heart rate and sleep time to room temperature and respiration. When Apple acquires a company, the company in question typically shuts down and stops selling whatever product it makes as Apple assimilates the technology into its own offerings, but that's not the case with Beddit. Apple is still selling the Beddit Sleep Monitor in its stores, and the Beddit privacy policy has been updated to note that Apple is collecting Beddit sleep data. That raises some interesting questions about Apple's future plans. Will that sleep tracking data contribute to an upcoming Apple Watch with sleep tracking functionality? Does Apple have plans for some other kind of sleep tracking device? Will Beddit be one of several health-related companies Apple purchases so it can sell a range of hardware products? Apple's plans for the Beddit technology may be a mystery right now, but we can take a closer look at the Sleep Monitor to see just what it can do, what kind of data Apple is gathering, and whether it's worth buying. I bought a Beddit Sleep Monitor shortly after Apple announced its acquisition, and I've been testing it for the past 10 days. The Beddit Sleep Monitor belongs to a class of sleep tracking devices that aren't wearable. It's meant to be placed directly on the bed under the sheets rather than on the body. Design wise, it consists of a long strip of fabric that's about 2.5 feet in length and three inches wide. One side is a soft, pliable material, while the other side, which sits on the mattress, is backed with rubber so it stays in place. It's small enough that it's easy to pack up when traveling. The Sleep Monitor is meant to be placed underneath the bottom sheet of a bed, on top of the mattress near where the heart is located when you lie down. It can be placed on one side of the bed in a shared bed, or in the middle for a person who sleeps alone. While it can be used in a shared bed, Beddit is meant for one person, and because the sensor is directly underneath the body, it accurately picks up the movement of a single person even when two people are in the bed. In my testing, the Sleep Monitor never picked up movement or measurements that weren't mine, and it never failed to monitor me. I installed it on my side of a full-sized bed, right at the level where my heart is. Beddit says the Sleep Monitor is unnoticeable during sleep, and while it is indeed made from a thin, flexible fabric, I can feel it under my sheet. It isn't exactly bothersome and doesn't prevent me from sleeping, but I know it's there. It's not supposed to move because of the rubber backing, but it does shift around. I don't move much in my sleep so the movement wasn't an issue for me, but someone who tosses and turns might need to make regular adjustments to its position. It's also worth noting that the Beddit has a thin, unobtrusive cord that needs to be plugged in at all times, so it will need to be near an outlet. So what does the Beddit track? As it turns out, a lot. It goes beyond wearable sleep trackers that rely solely on movement to determine sleep quality, and some of what it tracks is potentially very valuable for people with breathing-related sleep issues. Here's everything it keeps tabs on: Sleep time The time it took to fall asleep Light sleep vs. deep sleep (no REM measurement) Number of times out of bed Restless sleep (lots of tossing and turning) Sleep efficiency (based on time spent asleep) Sleep score (an overall score that takes everything into account) Snoring (via iPhone speaker) Heart rate Respiration (breaths per minute) Average room temperature Average room humidity With so many aspects of the sleeping experience being tracked, the Beddit Sleep Monitor gives a comprehensive overview of everything that happens while you're asleep. Having a complete overview makes it easier to recognize patterns and problems that are interfering with sleep, especially when it's easy to see right in the accompanying Beddit app. So is it accurate? For the most part, yes. My heart rate measurements were in line with what I see with my Apple Watch, and the respiration measurement and temperature were spot on too. Sleep time, sleep efficiency, and the time it took to fall asleep were areas where felt like I had less of a clear picture, though. Beddit provides an overall sleep score each night I'm a light sleeper and it often takes me a long time to fall asleep, but at the same time, I don't move a lot. Beddit could not tell the difference between when I was awake lying in bed and when I was actually asleep, whether it was when I was falling asleep for the first time or when I woke up in the middle of the night. That's led to some overestimation of the amount of time I'm asleep, which in turn impacts the sleep efficiency score. It's not wildly inaccurate every day, but it's been off by as much as a half hour. Someone who lies awake (and still) in bed for long swaths of time may be disappointed with the accuracy of the Beddit. A more restless sleeper won't have this problem because the Sleep Monitor will pick up the movement. The time to fall asleep and awake measurements here are off Though the sleep efficiency/time measurement is not entirely accurate for me, the sleep graph in the app gives me a much clearer picture of how my night went. It measures light sleep and deep sleep, and while the app tells me I was asleep when it dips down sharply, that's actually when I was awake. The Beddit Sleep Monitor seems to be accurately interpreting my sleep/wake patterns, but then misreading some of the data when calculating sleep efficiency and sleep score. When I want a general idea of how I slept in a given night, I check the graph before relying on the sleep time and sleep efficiency numbers. The graph, though, is only divided by hour and so the information I have is limited - this would be a lot more useful if I could drill down into more specific timeframes. As an example, it'll tell me I got out of bed sometime near 3:00 a.m., but it won't give me the exact time. Beddit says I slept roughly the same amount of time on these two nights, but the graph tells a different story. At each dip, I was awake, not in a state of light sleep. Along with the light/deep sleep graph, the Beddit app offers up concrete numbers on all of the different tracking metrics, plus a graph for heart rate. Comparing the sleep graph and the heart rate graph has proven to be interesting because of the correlation between the two. There are often small jumps in my heart rate at the times when Beddit says I'm most deeply asleep, which seems to relate to dreams/nightmares. A sleep graph compared to a heart rate graph from the same night The Beddit app measures two factors I wasn't able to properly test -- snoring and restless sleep. I don't seem to move enough to trigger any restless sleep readings, and I don't snore. My partner snores, though, so I can say that it's sensitive enough to tell my breathing from his. By the way, the Beddit has been able to track my sleeping accurately regardless of position. I'm a side or stomach sleeper, but also tested sleeping on my back. There's no difference in the data. Beddit data is displayed on a day-by-day basis, but there are also options to see trends over 7, 30, and 90 days. Trends cover sleep score, sleep time, heart rate, bedroom temperature/humidity, and a notes feature, which is actually one of the handiest ways to measure sleep trends. Each morning, you can rate how you feel after a night's sleep and add notes and tags to keep track of factors that might have impacted sleep. My cat meows some mornings, so I might add a note that I was woken up by the cat. If I ate something unusual or drank caffeine late in the day, those are also things that could be noted, and over time, I might be able to notice trends. Tags are important because the app will automatically correlate tags with sleep efficiency scores. My sleep is worse on nights tagged "cat," which means my cat was meowing in the early morning. There's a built-in smart alarm feature in the Beddit app, designed to go off up to 30 minutes before the set time whenever sleep is lightest. The idea is that if you're woken up in a light sleep, you'll be less groggy. It worked semi-well, but 30 minutes is a long window and there's no customization option to shorten it. One other thing worth noting -- Beddit can be set to automatically start tracking sleep as soon as you get in the bed at night, so there's no need to open the app and turn it on. I liked the convenience of this feature, but ended up leaving manual activation on because I like to read in bed before sleeping and the Beddit thought I was asleep when I was reading. Overall, the Beddit app is well done and it offers up a lot of info, but there are some negatives. First of all, the Beddit Sleep Monitor needs to be continually connected to the iPhone via Bluetooth when it's in use at night, which Beddit says is necessary because of the amount of data being transferred. With a continual Bluetooth connection, the Beddit is a serious battery drain (it'll suck up a good 30 to 40% on an iPhone 7 Plus). You're going to want to plug your iPhone in at night when using it. Second, snoring tracking is done on the iPhone, and there's no way to disable it. That means Beddit is using the microphone, which happens to disable my AirPods and other Bluetooth headphones. It also prevents "Hey Siri" hands-free commands from working. There is no option to disable snoring tracking, which is a downside for people who don't snore. Third, given the amount of information the Sleep Monitor tracks, I think the app could offer up more detail, like a clearer picture of specific heart rate and respiration rates over time. Luckily, it connects to Apple Health, and all of this data is synced there. In the Health app, you can see each respiration and heart rate measurement during the night, and the Beddit also syncs overall sleep data. Heart rate measurement in Health app on left, respiration on right One last thing -- the Beddit is compatible with nap taking. It tracks nap length just like a standard night of sleep and adds that information to the day's overall sleep score and sleep time. Bottom Line In 10 days, the Beddit Sleep Monitor hasn't taught me anything I didn't already know, but as someone who likes to track things and collect data, I find the information it's giving me valuable, even if some of its conclusions about my sleep aren't 100 percent accurate. I suspect that with longer use and more attention to tags, I might be able to learn more. I've had sleep problems my entire life, so I've already learned to stick to a rigorous sleep routine, but someone who needs help establishing good sleep habits or figuring out what's impacting sleep could potentially benefit from the Beddit Sleep Monitor. With its snoring, heart rate, and respiration features, Beddit will be able to pick up on sleep apnea and breathing issues, and the data combined with user notes can help suss out other sleep problems. $150 is expensive, but if it's able to provide a better night's sleep for someone who's struggling, the high price tag is worth it. People without serious sleep issues who just like to keep track of health metrics will also likely be satisfied with the Beddit given the many things it tracks. In its current incarnation, the Beddit Sleep Monitor is a decent sleep tracker. With Apple's tweaking, I think it could be a lot better. In my experience, it's collecting all the data it needs, but with some fine tuning, that data could be better interpreted and more valuable. I've never used a sleep tracker that can tell the difference between when I'm lying in bed and when I'm asleep, but if anyone can solve that problem and refine sleep tracking algorithms, it'll probably be Apple. I'm interested to see what kind of improvements Apple can make to sleep tracking and what it plans to do with the data and the technology it has acquired from Beddit, so I'll keep using my Sleep Monitor. How to Buy The Beddit 3 Sleep Monitor can be purchased from Apple for $149.95. Tag: Beddit 29 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) gnasher729 1 week ago Humans have been sleeping fine for tens of thousands of years. This is a solution in search of a problem, just like most of this connected garbage. Lots of people are not sleeping fine. Be happy if you do, and pray that it doesn't change. Rating: 3 Votes IJ Reilly 1 week ago And if you are not sleeping well you know about it and you invariably know why. For the overwhelming majority, this is expensive and uneccessary. Health services throughout the world are being clogged up with people who present themselves for no genuine reason and this is impacting negatively on the genuinely sick. You do NOT need hardware to tell you your room is too hot, too cold, too noisy, too light, too humid, because commonsense tells you this and has been doing so for hundreds of years. Arguably, the focus on health is going too far. Darn, did I use up my quota of roll-eye emojis? Oh, good, I still have one! :rolleyes: Rating: 2 Votes 2457244 1 week ago Been using it for 6 months now and I have to say, it's very accurate data! Rating: 2 Votes IJ Reilly 1 week ago I wonder how the sensor works, and also whether Apple perhaps did not buy the company for this technology primarily. Also, hate to bring it up again but: on top of the mattress is under the bottom sheet, not the top sheet. Rating: 2 Votes yg17 1 week ago Humans have been sleeping fine for tens of thousands of years. This is a solution in search of a problem, just like most of this connected garbage. Rating: 2 Votes sshambles 1 week ago I'll stick with Hello's Sense - it does everything this thing does - except heart rate and bpm. Had it for 3 years or so now and the updates to it are fantastic. Rating: 1 Votes Zirel 1 week ago Okay, but it doesn't take a genius to know what really makes a good night of sleep, and I don't think I need a gadget to tell me I slept well... Rating: 1 Votes newellj 5 days ago at 04:40 am And if you are not sleeping well you know about it and you invariably know why. For the overwhelming majority, this is expensive and uneccessary. Health services throughout the world are being clogged up with people who present themselves for no genuine reason and this is impacting negatively on the genuinely sick. You do NOT need hardware to tell you your room is too hot, too cold, too noisy, too light, too humid, because commonsense tells you this and has been doing so for hundreds of years. Arguably, the focus on health is going too far. These assertions are, on their face, among the most farcical and ridiculous I've seen this week, and I just came from the WaPo and NYT websites where I was reading about the latest antics of the current U.S. administration. Beyond temperature and humidity, most people, especially people who sleep alone, have no way of figuring out any sleep quality symptoms or causes. Things like snoring and sleep apnea simply cannot be detected when you are not awake. I think it's a fair question whether or to what extent devices like Beddit can really help you improve your sleep, but they can certainly help spot symptoms that may require assistance. Rating: 1 Votes tennisproha 1 week ago I think the fact that it can't accurately measure sleep time itself pretty much defeats even the most basic purpose for getting one. If it can't distinguish sleeping in bed versus reading in bed, it's not ready for market. A few years ago someone posted ('https://forum.bulletproof.com/discussion/9187/beddit') a review about how the electrical fields they measured on this thing were off the charts. Granted, the gauss ('https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gauss_(unit)') values they referenced were probably too unbelievable to be believed; it does raise questions about how effective all this really is and whether it might actually be doing more harm than good. At least right now when the technology is in its early infancy. [doublepost=1495839123][/doublepost] Yes, as an environmental monitor and smart alarm it works well. Honestly don't understand why the company has been valued at $200million though! Welcome! Given the fact that you've just created your account, and your posts thus far, it's hard to fathom how you aren't a paid spokesperson for Beddit. Rating: 1 Votes IJ Reilly 4 days ago at 09:49 am Read carefully: 'For the overwhelming majority......' This does not make your statement any more accurate, it only shows how little you know about this subject. Disordered sleep is one of the most widespread medical issues. You could look that up, if you don't believe me. It frequently defies effective treatment, if for no other reason than medical science has never fully determined why we even need to sleep. If you've ever experienced disordered sleep (I take from your remarks you have not), all doctors will be able to tell you is it probably stems from some other condition, because sleep disorders are generally seen not as a disease but as a symptom. If it doesn't result from something relatively obvious, such as apnea, the cause can be almost to completely impossible to find. And again, because the science of sleep is so incomplete. Does this product help any? No idea about that or what Apple is thinking they can do with it. Maybe they see an opportunity to advance sleep science. If they could it would be a great thing for the huge number of disordered sleepers around the world. They exist whether you know about them or not. Which, now you do. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? WWDC 2017 June 5–9 iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories What to Expect at WWDC 2017: Software Updates, Mac Notebook Refresh, New iPad Pro, Siri Speaker Possible 2 days ago on Front Page Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference kicks off on Monday morning, with a keynote event that starts at 10:00 a.m. This year's event promises to be exciting, because alongside new... 331 comments Apple to Expand Siri to Work With More Types of Third-Party Apps 2 days ago on Front Page At its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, Apple is expected to expand Siri's functionality, allowing the voice assistant built into the iPhone and iPad to work with a wider variety of... 59 comments Apple Paying Freelancers to Improve the Accuracy of Apple Maps 2 days ago on Front Page In an effort to improve Apple Maps, which many iPhone users still consider to be inferior to Google Maps, Apple has enlisted the help of contracted freelancers to validate the accuracy of points of... 130 comments Apple CEO Tim Cook: Trump's Decision to Withdraw From Paris Accord 'Was Wrong for Our Planet' 3 days ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook this afternoon sent an email to Apple employees expressing his disappointment with U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate deal. In the... 863 comments First WWDC 2017 Decorations Start Going Up at McEnery Convention Center 3 days ago on Front Page With just four days to go until the 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple has started decorating the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, where the event will be held. Based on images... 143 comments New Nike Apple Watch Bands Now Available for Purchase [Updated] 3 days ago on Front Page Last week, Nike announced plans to release four new Nike+ Apple Watch bands in colors that match its line of Nike Air VaporMax Flyknit "Day to Night" shoes, and those watch bands are... 99 comments Swift Playgrounds Will Soon Be Able to Program and Control Robots, Drones, and Toys 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its iPad app aimed at making learning how to code interactive and fun, will be able to program and control robots, drones, musical instruments, and other... 76 comments Apple Says Developers Have Earned Over $70 Billion From App Store Since It Launched 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today announced that its global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008."People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them... 111 comments • Rumored Siri Speaker in Production Ahead of Possible WWDC Debut (301) • Apple CEO Tim Cook Urges U.S. President to Stay in Paris Climate Pact (460) • 'iPhone 8' Renders Offer Direct Size Comparisons With iPhone 7 and Galaxy S8 (192) • Apple Registers New Macs and iPads in Eurasia Ahead of WWDC on June 5 (302) • Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 (125) • Apple Updates Official WWDC App Ahead of 2017 Event (53) • Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] (54)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 32-bit Apps No Longer Appear in App Store Search Results: The 32-bit App-pocalypse Begins [Update: Maybe Not?] WWDC Preparations - The TouchArcade Show #209 TouchArcade Needs Your Help to Survive: Here's All the Ways You Can Support Us (Some for Free!) TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Yankai's Peak' 'Beholder' Review - Oppressing People and Taking Names Was Never This Fun New 'Thor's Hammer' Expansion Arrives for 'The Quest HD' YouTube What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Cities Topics Handbook More Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Detroit Hamptons Los Angeles Miami New Orleans New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington DC Topics Architecture Interior Design Tiny Homes Prefab Home Tech House Calls For Sale Longform Maps Handbook ✕ Architecture Apple's new campus vs. Dave Eggers's 'The Circle,' in breathless quotes It’s hard to tell fiction from fact when people write about Apple Park by Alissa Walker@awalkerinLA May 26, 2017, 3:22pm EDT tweet share pin The Ring or The Circle? Apple Apple’s shiny new $5 billion campus opened to employees in late April. But, so far, it seems only Wired has been granted permission to permeate the four-story glass walls and return to civilization with a breathless review of what’s inside. So breathless, in fact, that some of details seem too fantastical to believe. Consider details from the story like this: Apple custom-designed (and patented) a circular pizza box for its new cafe. “Francesco Longoni, the maestro of the Apple Park café, helped Apple patent a box that will keep to-go pizzas from getting soggy.” Right? In a few cases, writer Steven Levy’s passages about Apple Park are such spectacular examples of tech company indulgence that they sound like they’re plucked right from the pages of The Circle, Dave Eggers’s 2013 book about an influential Silicon Valley corporation that was recently adapted into a film. Look familiar? It’s not Apple Park, it’s the campus of The Circle from the new film STX Entertainment For proof, I pulled a few of my favorite descriptions of Apple Park from Levy’s review and The Circle’s campus from Eggers’s novel. Can you tell which is which? Read these quotes and try to guess if it’s a real-life detail from Apple Park or a description of the made-up campus in The Circle. Next Up In Architecture Video: Inside the dramatic George Peabody Library in Baltimore This museum looks like a cross between Soviet ruin and Bond villain lair Solar-powered modern house is an airy retreat melded into the hillside The 10 most beautiful city halls in the U.S. from Curbed Philly Horace Trumbauer’s Lynnewood Hall is back on the market for $17.5M These prefab dome homes can be installed just about anywhere Trending 187 mayors adopt Paris climate accord after U.S. pulls out (updated) A growing number of mayors pledge to uphold the global climate commitment after President Donald Trump announced his intent to withdraw from the Paris agreement Frank Lloyd Wright in 45 essential works A map of projects from across the country that present an overview of his incredible career. America's 10 most beautiful city halls From historic towers to modern domes, these are some of the most stunning—and interesting—structures in cities. More in Trending Newsletter Enter your email address Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest 187 mayors adopt Paris climate accord after U.S. pulls out (updated) A growing number of mayors pledge to uphold the global climate commitment after President Donald Trump announced his intent to withdraw from the Paris agreement by Alissa Walker 14 comments / new Tentrr makes camping easy with furnished campsites The crowd-free campsites are on private land and come with everything that you need to sleep outdoors. by Megan Barber Video: Inside Baltimore’s dramatic George Peabody Library The 1878 building is characterized by a soaring atrium. by Lauren Ro How one couple lives comfortably in a 188-square-foot RV  Hear from a couple who found the perfect balance between the creature comforts of home and life on the road. by Margaret Lin 1 comment / new In support of Paris accord, cities light up green Across the world, bridges and city halls went green after the Trump administration’s announcement to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate accord. by Megan Barber 1 comment / new Hyundai’s new electric bus runs 180 miles on a single charge Powered by a 256kWh battery, the zero-emissions bus can run 290 kilometers, or approximately 180 miles, on a single charge. by Lauren Ro Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 6 Best Free Mac Digital Audio Workstations (DAWs) Mac Creative 6 Best Free Mac Digital Audio Workstations (DAWs) Tim Brookes May 26, 2017 26-05-2017 8 minutes 6 Best Free Mac Digital Audio Workstations (DAWs) Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement You don’t need a Mac to make music 6 GarageBand Alternatives for Music Production on Windows 6 GarageBand Alternatives for Music Production on Windows Are you a Windows user who's been tempted by talk of GarageBand? Here are the best alternatives to Apple's music production software that you can run on your PC. Read More , but it helps. Apple’s desktop platform is home to a vast library of creative software, like image editors The Best Free & Paid Image Editors for Mac OS X The Best Free & Paid Image Editors for Mac OS X We thought it was about time we compiled a list of our favourite raster image editors for Mac OS X. Read More , vector graphics suites The Best Vector Software For Mac Designers On A Budget The Best Vector Software For Mac Designers On A Budget Adobe Illustrator might be the gold standard when it comes to vector software for the Mac, but you don't always have to spend a fortune on design software. Read More , RAW photo processors The Best Free RAW Image Processors For Mac OS X The Best Free RAW Image Processors For Mac OS X Photoshop is expensive, and while many are happy to fork out a monthly fee for Adobe's revised Creative Cloud system, others will always turn to free software first. One thing is for sure: if you're... Read More , audio manipulation software The Best Free & Cheap Audio Editors For Mac OS X The Best Free & Cheap Audio Editors For Mac OS X Considering Apple's media-savvy approach with free apps like iMovie, it's surprising that there's not a simple audio editor bundled with OS X. Read More , video editors The Top 8 Free Video Editors For macOS The Top 8 Free Video Editors For macOS The best video editors for macOS cost a lot of money, but what if your budget is $0? Read More . And then, of course, there are digital audio workstations (DAWs) for making music. But owning a Mac doesn’t necessarily mean you’re swimming in cash, and music production suites can run into thousands of dollars. Today we’ll look at how you can start making music without spending any dollars. 1. GarageBand In short: Probably the best free music production software on the platform. It has a user-friendly interface, rich library of sounds, and a large number of instruments and effects. Apple just made GarageBand free to all Mac owners. So, there’s never been a better time to download it and give it a go. Previously the company was only giving the software away with new Mac purchases, which means second-hand buyers Apple Tax: Why Do Macs Hold Their Resale Value? Apple Tax: Why Do Macs Hold Their Resale Value? You've probably heard it before: Macs may cost more, but they hold their value. Is this true, and if so why? Read More and those with older machines still had to buy it. You can now download it for free (along with iMovie and the iWork suite Download iMovie, GarageBand, Pages, and iWork Free for Mac and iOS Download iMovie, GarageBand, Pages, and iWork Free for Mac and iOS Every Apple user can now download Pages, Numbers, Keynote, Garageband and iMovie completely free of charge, but what are they good for? Read More ) from the App Store on both Mac and iOS. Projects can be shared between both platforms, which is a nice touch for mobile musicians or simply capturing ideas on the move. Advertisement Don’t let GarageBand’s simple interface put you off. At its core it’s a powerful tool for recording, arranging, and composing music. The included instruments aren’t bad, and nor are many of the royalty-free samples you get access to for free with Apple Loops. Like iMovie, GarageBand tends to do things the “Apple way,” which can be jarring for some users. It might take a little bit of time to get used to the software’s caveats, but it’s got all the bells and whistles you need to get started. That includes MIDI support, virtual session drummers, and audio effects like amplifiers for plugging in a guitar. 2. Ardour In short: The full package, but unlike GarageBand there’s nobody to hold your hand. The learning curve is steep, but Ardour’s potential for producing, composing and mastering is huge. Ardour is pretty much the opposite of what GarageBand is: a technical, highly-customizable, cross-platform open source digital audio workstation. The interface looks like something you need a degree in sound engineering to understand, and there’s a hell of a lot going on if you know where to look. Unlike GarageBand, Ardour is a serious tool. It includes features like unlimited multichannel tracks, non-destructive editing, time-stretching, video features, a complex mastering interface, and robust AudioUnit (AU) Mac plugin support. Record directly into the timeline using a microphone or audio interface, or create MIDI patterns for use with virtual instruments using the piano roll. If you’re willing to put some time in, Ardour could be a very rewarding choice of DAW. It’s cross-platform and Linux compatible, which is a nice touch if you also happen to run Linux on your Mac Buying MacBooks For Penguins: Linux on Apple Hardware Buying MacBooks For Penguins: Linux on Apple Hardware You'd probably think that the free open source operating system Linux wouldn't mix too well with Apple's proprietary, controlling approach when it comes to hardware — but you'd be wrong. Read More . Check out the Ardour Community website for manuals, tutorials, and discussions relating to the software. 3. LMMS In short: A freeware open source workstation aimed at synthesis and sample-work initially designed for Linux, that includes virtual instruments, bundled samples, and plugin support. LMMS used to stand for Linux MultiMedia Studio, but it dropped that moniker a few years ago when it went cross-platform. It’s now available on Windows and macOS too, allowing for a truly cross-platform setup for those who need it. The project isn’t just free, it’s also open source. That means it’s built by the community Open Source vs. Free Software: What's the Difference and Why Does It Matter? Open Source vs. Free Software: What's the Difference and Why Does It Matter? Many assume "open source" and "free software" mean the same thing but that's not true. It's in your best interest to know what the differences are. Read More , for the community. This model has its limitations, and the LMMS team can’t dedicate the resources to their project like Apple can with GarageBand. As a result, LMMS can feel a bit awkward to use and get on with, though there’s a healthy set of tools and instruments hidden beneath its dated, slightly awkward UI. LMMS isn’t a recording-friendly DAW like GarageBand is, and instead excels at creating melodies and beats using the included piano roll and step sequencer. You can of course import recorded samples, and there are some excellent virtual instruments included like the Nescaline NES emulator, Commodore 64 SID chip emulation, and the triple-oscillator “Monstro” virtual synth. 4. Tracktion T5 In short: A useful (if dated) DAW that includes a full set of editing and recording features, with cheap upgrade options for those who want to take their compositions to the next level. Tracktion make a variety of audio software, including fully-fledged studios like WAVEFORM and T7. They also produce T5, a free cross-platform stripped-down DAW that serves as the perfect jumping-on point for the company’s products. But just because it’s free doesn’t mean it should be overlooked. This isn’t simply a “free trial” with limitations. Though the feature set has been reduced compared to paid versions, Tracktion T5 still includes unlimited MIDI and audio tracks, a full set of recording and editing features, and the ability to mixdown and share your project. So what’s wrong with T5? Well, there’s an inferior time-stretch algorithm, “basic” audio computing, no user scripts, and the UI isn’t as nice. There’s more to it than that of course, but the upgrade to T7 is still only $60. You can even go “full studio” and grab WAVEFORM for $99. 5. Studio One 3 Prime In short: Just like Tracktion T5, Studio One Prime is a capable DAW with some major feature limitations. There’s plenty here to get you started, but a lack of third-party virtual instruments will be a big limitation for some users. PreSonus’ Studio One 3 comes in a variety of versions including Artist and Professional, but it’s the Prime version that’s most appealing to the bedroom producer. The company released a feature-limited version of their $100 workstation for free in 2015, and it comes with pretty much everything you need to get started making music. There’s support for unlimited audio and MIDI tracks, and nine plugin inserts and virtual instruments. The software doesn’t timeout or feature any restrictions on the number of tracks you can create, and even comes with 1.5 GB of samples to get you started. Unfortunately, you can’t host third party software instruments (AudioUnits), which does limit Prime’s potential substantially. However, it still has its merits, particularly if you rarely use virtual instruments and are looking for a basic recording/mastering package. The included effects fall into the “essentials” category, and there’s a quality sampler included too. You can activate a free trial version of Studio One Professional at any point, if you suddenly decide you need more power. Prime is designed to get you hooked on Studio One, but it’s certainly worth a shot if you’re on a budget. 6. Nanostudio In short: A synthesis and beat-making freebie that’s not to be missed, Nanostudio for Mac is a port of the premium Nanostudio for iOS ($7). Nanostudio takes the LMMS approach, with a free version of the popular iOS workstation from developer Blip Interactive NanoStudio: A $14 iOS Music Workstation With Free Windows And Mac Versions NanoStudio: A $14 iOS Music Workstation With Free Windows And Mac Versions Yesterday's iOS digital audio workstation (DAW) round-up listed the best apps of all the budget tools available on the App Store. One of those featured apps was NanoStudio, a $13.99 iPhone and iPad app that... Read More . There was a time when Nanostudio was pretty much the gold standard on iOS for mobile music production, and while the DAW certainly hasn’t gotten any worse it hasn’t changed very much either. A MIDI and sample-based approach mean that it’s not an environment for recording your guitars and vocals. You can load samples using the included sampler and fire them when you want, but you’ll have record them outside of Nanostudio. MIDI patterns are handled with ease, though it’s no secret that Nanostudio was designed with a touch interface in mind. The included Eden synthesizer is a force to be reckoned with, and worth the download alone. You can hit up the Nanostudio downloads page to download synthesizer presets and sample packs, and the forum is still active all these years later. This is free purely so you’ll fall in love with Nanostudio for Mac and download it on your iPhone for $7 so you can use it wherever you go. And that’s not a bad idea, especially when combined with Nanosync for transferring samples, projects, and presets to your iOS device. Other Considerations MuLab Free A mature, self-contained workstation setup with a robust set of tools, MuLab offers a free version of their €69 studio and modular synth. With robust sound synthesis, support for recording, editing and manipulating audio, and modern UI it’s a tempting prospect. However, MuLab Free stops short of being a proper DAW on account of the fact that the software introduces “soft noise” regularly, which is designed to prevent the software being used for finished mixes. It’s more of a full-featured trial than a free version, but it’s still worth a look if you enjoy the MUX synth sound. ohmstudio Free ohmstudio is the world’s first “real time collaborative digital audio workstation” and that means it’s relatively new to the DAW scene. You can sign up for free, download the software, and connect with friends and the wider ohmstudio community to make music together. ohmstudio might seem free, but you can only store 10 songs at a time in the cloud before you need to pay for monthly hosting. You also can’t export your tracks in lossless format using the free version either. These are major limitations that prevent ohmstudio from being a real free alternative. Audacity You should absolutely have Audacity to hand if you’re considering making music on the cheap, particularly if you’re working with samples. The free audio editor and manipulator might look like CoolEdit 96’s uglier cousin, but it’s got everything you need to chop and change audio 7 Audacity Tips For Better Audio Editing On a Budget 7 Audacity Tips For Better Audio Editing On a Budget Want to move beyond simple cut-and-crop jobs? Knowing just a few Audacity tips can make your audio-editing life a whole lot easier. Read More . The software includes a ton of effects like equalizers, reverb, echo, distortion, chorus, and more. It even includes multitrack support for handling multiple wave files at once. This might be good enough for mixing a podcast or recording a vocal track, it’s not a fully-fledged DAW. Audacity works best as an accompaniment to a proper DAW, but isn’t designed to replace one. The same should be said of other multitrack editors (like Adobe Audition). Which is your favorite free DAW? Let us know what we missed and we’ll add it to our list. Image Credits: Rawpixel.com/Shutterstock Previous Post10 Reasons Why You Should Care About WWDCNext PostMove Over GarageBand: Making Music With Auxy for iPhone and iPad 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tim Brookes 832 articles Tim is Mac and iOS editor for MakeUseOf and can currently be found living in Melbourne, Australia. You can find him on Twitter at @timbrookes. Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles How to Run macOS on Windows 10 in a Virtual Machine Windows Mac How to Run macOS on Windows 10 in a Virtual Machine Move Over GarageBand: Making Music With Auxy for iPhone and iPad iPhone and iPad Creative Move Over GarageBand: Making Music With Auxy for iPhone and iPad Bluetooth Not Available? Troubleshooting Mac Connectivity Issues Mac Bluetooth Not Available? Troubleshooting Mac Connectivity Issues Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Schedule Announcers Jay Caldwell Kelly Cordes Dick Nelson Jim Maurice Lee Voss Alex Svejkovsky Chrissy Gaetke Richard Leguil Justin LaBounty Bill Henderson Dave Overlund Listen Listen Live WJON Mobile App Mobile Site SONOS Events Insane Inflatable 5K Made in MN 2017 Paint N Party IDoMN Wedding Guide Online Job Fair Community Calendar Send Us Your Event VIP Club Contests Help Sign Up Contests Win Your Dream Getaway! Dream Getaway Rules Win a Roomba Win a Visa Gift Card Win a Home Security System Win an Xbox One S Weather Forecast & Radar Closings News The Latest St. Cloud News State/Regional News Minnesota Sports Highlights Sports Fitness Friday All-Star Students Join the Club Behind the Scenes Outdoor News Outdoor Tips Everyday Heroes Frozen in Time Made in Central Minnesota This Date in History Features Contact Your Lawmakers Area Gas Prices Lost and Found Obituaries Contact Contact Info Feedback Send Us Your Announcement Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: Win Your Dream Getaway! Insane Inflatable 5K Home Town Spotlight Giving Tuesday Serenity on 7th WJON Mobile App MN Sports Video Pacific Wok Business Profile IDoMN Wedding Guide Around the Town: Sartell Gears up for Apple Duathlon [VIDEO] By Chrissy Gaetke May 26, 2017 2:50 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Subscribe to AM 1240 WJON on SARTELL — You can run it, walk it or bike it, Sartell is gearing up for the 35th annual Apple Duathlon. The race kicks off with the “Kids Apple Duathlon” Friday night. Organizer Julia Krengel says kids of all ages can take part in the race. “[The kids] six and under, we kind of herd them together and let them run around our parking lot for a 1K and they just absolutely love that.” Two other courses will be set up for older kids ages 7-16. The main adult Apple Duathlon begins Saturday morning. “We’ll open at 6:30 a.m. and everyone will start setting up their bikes and we will start the race right at 8:30 a.m.” Race courses start and finish at Sartell Middle School as well as bring you on a scenic route through Sartell. Nearly 500 athletes are expected to come out to this year’s Apple Dualthon. Every Friday during the News at Noon Show, WJON Reporter Chrissy Gaetke travels around the St. Cloud metro area to highlight local celebrations, businesses and charity events. Do you have a suggestion of where she should go? Email chrissy@wjon.com Videographer Justin LaBounty contributed to this story.  Event Details Dan DeBaun, WJON News Filed Under: apple duathlon | race | Sartell Category: St. Cloud News | Videos Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WJON Annual Bluegrass Festival draws Thousands for Music Packed Weekend [VIDEO] Annandale Paintball Hosts Annual “Battle of the Beef” [VIDEO] Tourism-Based Businesses Scramble to Look for Summer Staff Couple Found Dead of Apparent CO in Camper in Northeast Minnesota Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Tip Us: 320.257.7202 Listen Live Meet the Writers Jay Caldwell Kelly Cordes Dick Nelson Jim Maurice Lee Voss Alex Svejkovsky Chrissy Gaetke Justin LaBounty Richard Leguil Bill Henderson Dave Overlund Jerry Carlson See All Staff WJON on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Value Connection WJON Newsletter MN Sports Video Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more. Sign Up Now TOP STORIES Annual Bluegrass Festival draws Thousands for Music Packed Weekend [VIDEO] Update: Highway 15 in St. Augusta Reopens After Fire 1 Hurt In Motorcycle Crash In Sherburne County St. Cloud’s Musinger-Clemens Gardens, a World-Famous Spot [VIDEO, PHOTOS] Bingo! St. Cloud’s Newest Bingo Hall Opens [VIDEO] More News Recent Obituaries Robert “Bob” J. Kleinart, 88, Avon Albert “Al” Lodermeier, 87, St. Cloud Bernadine “Bernie” Ramler, 90, Richmond Jay D. Dahl, 53, St. Cloud Elwood P. Hurrle, 87, Clearwater More Obituaries EEO Copyright Notice Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare St. Cloud Business Listings Welcome back to The WJON VIP Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to The WJON VIP Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wjon.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to The WJON VIP Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up for The WJON VIP Club Register Now Sign up for The WJON VIP Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive The WJON VIP Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: AM 1240 WJON Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science Technology  • Computer Industry •  Internet Automotive One News Page > Computer Industry > This Week's Cover of 'The New Yorker' Was Sketched on an iPad This Week's Cover of 'The New Yorker' Was Sketched on an iPad Tim Cook Friday, 26 May 2017 (1 week ago) This week's cover of The New Yorker has been sketched using an iPad and Apple Pencil, created by illustrator Jorge Colombo. The image depicts Brooklyn Bridge Park in Brooklyn Heights that Colombo frequents, with the artwork capturing a couple of basketball games and spectators at the park. Apple CEO Tim Cook shared The New Yorker cover on Twitter this morning, with a quote from Colombo who mentioned his fear that one of the basketballs would fly near him and hit his iPad. It’s one of my favorite places to hang out,” Jorge Colombo says, about the park he sketched, on an iPad, for the cover of this week’s issue. “I live down the street, in Brooklyn Heights, so I go there all the time, either to take the East River Ferry or just to relax by the water. It is a magnet—people come from all of Brooklyn’s many neighborhoods just to take a selfie by the waterfront or picnic by the water. This was a risky drawing to make, though: I kept worrying that the ball would hit me or the iPad.” The New Yorker also shared a video of Colombo's illustration process on its website this week. Apple's iPad and Apple Pencil have been celebrated as tools for artists in the past, with Apple recently highlighting Rob Zilla's NBA illustrations. Apple's tablet was even used to create the poster for Stranger Things on Netflix.Related Roundups: iPad Pro, iPad mini 4 (2015) Tag: Apple Pencil Buyer's Guide: 9.7" iPad Pro (Don't Buy), iPad Mini (Caution), 12.9" iPad Pro (Don't Buy) Discuss this article in our forums » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: The New Yorker - 3 days ago< > Embed A Genealogy of the Cartoon Grim Reaper 05:05 The Grim Reaper—that black-coated, scythe-carrying personification of death—has appeared in over one hundred and four cartoons in The New Yorker since 1937. But where was he prior to that? Recent related news iPad Pro, Apple Pencil help capture a slice of Brooklyn for latest 'New Yorker' coverArtist Jorge Colombo turned to Apple's iPad to sketch the latest cover of "The New Yorker" magazine, allowing the creation of the digital drawing to be relived... AppleInsider 1 week ago - Computer Industry Apple's New Microsoft Surface Killer Would Use a Trackpad Too Apple is expected to launch its new-generation iPad Pro next week at WWDC, and one of the new features coming to the device could make it more productive and... Softpedia 2 days ago - Technology Jennifer Garner criticizes People magazine over cover storyNEW YORK (AP) — Jennifer Garner isn’t happy about her cover spot on this week’s People magazine. This week’s issue features a smiling Garner with the... Seattle Times 4 days ago - Front Page The xx Announce New Photo Book Zine It Could Be LoveThe xx have teamed up with British photographer Alasdair McLellan for a new “photo book zine.” It’s called It Could Be Love, and you’ll be able to pick... Pitchfork 2 days ago - Entertainment This week on AI: Apple's 'Neural Engine,' 'iPhone 8' & iPad Pro rumors, new Apple execs & moreRumors about the "iPhone 8," new AI technology, and new iPad Pros continued to grow, but there was also news of important corporate maneuvers -- including two... AppleInsider 1 week ago - Computer Industry “What a Pair of Lungs!”: Denis Johnson’s Ecstatic American VoiceDenis Johnson’s first and most perfectly realized novel, “Angels,” was the first novel I ever bought new, in hardcover. This was in 1983, in Ithaca, New... The New Yorker 1 week ago - World You Might Like Twitter Facebook Page People Ariana Grande Donald Trump Gordon Ramsay Danica Patrick Cale Yarborough Current Topics One Love Manchester London Attack Portland After London Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Google Are Moving Home - And Its Design Is A Bit Of A Stretch How Long Has Trump Been Vocal About Global Warming? Check His Twitter History Bad News For Shyamalan Fans - His TV Reboot's Been Canned Which Classic TV Show Is Heading Back To The Big Screen..? Again? What Is 'COVFEFE', And What Does It Have To Do With Trump? Kathy Griffin's Trump Photo Causes A Stir - And Severs Her Ties With CNN Corbyn Bites Back - Was His Debate Decision The Killer Move Labour Need? MOVIE REVIEW: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg News Weather National Video Contests Traffic TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local News Weather National Video Contests Traffic Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow apple gets robbed May 26, 2017 2:44 pm Apple store in California robbed of $40,000 worth of products By Derek Heraldo Multimedia Producer  Global News WATCH: A customer grabs this cellphone video of the suspects fleeing the scene. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen An Apple Store in Walnut Creek, California was robbed on Thursday by four men who ran away with an estimated $40,000 worth of Apple products. Police said the suspects entered the store in broad daylight and grabbed 30 products including iPhones, iPads and Macbooks. Story continues below A customer captured a cellphone video of one of the men stacking laptops before fleeing the scene. Customers and employees chased the suspects to the door but were unable to detain them. READ MORE: California woman left for dead following DUI crash thanks first responders who saved her life Apple stores have been a hot target for crime across the San Francisco Bay area. Back in November of last year, several men ran into an Apple store in San Francisco’s Marina District, grabbing various Apple products from the front of the store while customers just watched. It was the second time that the Walnut Creek location had been robbed in the past two months. “I’m upset about it,” a customer told a KPIX reporter. “We moved into this community because we felt safe.” The investigation is ongoing and police said they are reviewing the surveillance tapes. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error apple bay area robbery apple gets robbed san fransisco stealing smash and grab stolen ipads stolen iphones Walnut Creek Editor's Picks Politics Donald Trump's Paris pull-out would put Justin Trudeau, Canadian businesses on alert, critics warn Money New GDP numbers could be bad news for Canadians with debt Canada Who wins and who loses in Ontario's decision to raise minimum wage to $15 an hour? BC election 2017 'Is John Horgan B.C.'s premier now?' And other questions, answered Canada Ontario vs. Alberta smackdown: Which will lead Canadian growth this year? Lifestyle What is sologamy and why are women doing it? Politics Canada won't stop sharing intelligence with the U.S. – but should they? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now This family of 4 is travelling the world on business class through travel rewards 99675 London attacks: 6 killed in 'terrorist incident', three terrorists also shot dead 99296 Londoners fought back by hurling chairs and bottles at armed attackers 97242 Brits find comic relief in images of man calmly clutching pint after London attacks 95930 Britain's Theresa May calls for containment of Islamic extremism after London attack 76224 Sponsored content Popular Videos New issues raised about new home occupancy in another Ontario community WATCH NOW Viewer Video: Tornado seen near Three Hills, Alberta WATCH NOW Ariana Grande changes One Love Manchester set for victim who died in attack WATCH NOW Family of baby boy found dead in Edmonton speak out WATCH NOW London police chief commends “extraordinary” courage of officers and victims WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Can’t Rely on Any Real Help From China AAPL stock is facing some major cultural and loyalty hurdles By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  May 26, 2017, 12:02 pm EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock on Any Good-Sized Dip Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Hits $1,000. Now Watch This Number. Recent Posts: Why Pinnacle Foods Inc (PF), RH (RH) and Marathon Oil Corporation (MRO) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Why Express, Inc. (EXPR), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June View All Posts After years of only achieving minimal traction in the country, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) finally appears to be making headway in India … a market that sports 1.3 billion consumers who collectively spend $13.9 billion on smartphones, most of which aren’t (yet) iPhones. Better still for owners of AAPL stock, India is in the midst of entering its next era of consumerism, with GDP growth rates persistently around 7%. Spending power is on the rise for a wide swath of its population, two-thirds of which are under the age of 35. That’s Apple’s prime demographic. Source: iphonedigital via Flickr It couldn’t be happening at a more fortuitous time either. See, while Apple is doing well enough in North America and Europe, it continues to slip in China … a market once hailed as the company’s panacea. Though some onlookers are confident the company can turn things around there too, few can afford to be too hopeful. Function Over Label at Apple While Apple’s fiscal second quarter (calendar Q1) report divulged some key details about how the company was faring in China, and elsewhere, it wasn’t a complete look at the situation. Namely, the company’s quarterly filings don’t compare it to other smartphone makers. IDC has crunched the numbers, however, and they’re not great. Technology market research outfit IDC estimates that Apple’s market share slumped from 11% in the fourth quarter of 2016 to only 9.2% in the first quarter of this year. That makes it the country’s fourth-biggest player for the all-important smartphone market. Apple’s loss was Huawei’s gain. Ditto for Samsung Electronics (OTCMKTS:SSNLF), in China and everywhere else too. After an embarrassing string of exploding Galaxy Note 7’s forced the company to recall all of them last year — taking a huge toll on its results and market share — it reclaimed its market share lead during the first quarter of 2017. Sales in China are a key part of that recovery. Huawei gained global market share in Q1 as well. The shifting market share has, or at least should have, AAPL stock holders asking questions, not the least of which is what these other manufacturers are doing that’s so compelling. Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz believes he has his finger on the pulse of this shift, explaining after talking with smartphone makers in China and Taiwan: “There was general consensus among our conversations that confirms our thesis that Apple’s dwindling market share in Greater China is due to the lack of compelling differentiation among hardware and software. The mobile user experience in China is heavily dictated by Tencent (OTCMKTS:TCEHY) and other local internet companies, making Apple’s software and services ineffective as key differentiators.” Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/apple-inc-aapl-stock-real-help-china/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:56 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Best Computers 2017: Apple Laptops And Desktops Top Performance List By Juliana Rose Pignataro @julie_pignataro On 05/26/17 AT 2:18 PM Close Consumer Reports released a survey ranking the performance of the best laptop computers in recent years. The survey asked 83,000 respondents about their customer satisfaction when it came to laptop performance. Apple took home the top spot, with the most reliable computers and the best tech support. Apple’s computers had the lowest “broken or not working as well” percentage, at 17 percent. Samsung ranked at 27 percent, Dell at 29 percent, HP at 30 percent, Lenovo at 31 percent and Asus in dead last at 33 percent. “I can tell you that Apple regularly performs at the top of Consumer Reports’ reliability surveys,” Consumer Reports spokesperson Doug Love told CNBC Friday. The survey also ranked Apple’s desktop as the best performers, with a 15 percent “broken or not working as well” rate. Lenovo came in second at 24 percent, Samsung with 25 percent, Dell and HP at 27 percent and Asus, again in last, at 29 percent. Apple was also rated the best in customer service and tech support, with an average score of 82 or “very satisfied.” Microsoft came in second with a rating of 68 or “fairly-well satisfied.” Though Consumer Reports’ survey gave Apple top marks across the board, a survey released by J.D. Power in April revealed that customers were not as satisfied with the company’s tablets. Customers said Microsoft’s Surface outranked Apple’s iPad in terms of internet connectivity, availability of official accessories, variety of pre-installed applications, attractiveness, quality of materials and size. “The Microsoft Surface platform has expanded what tablets can do and it sets the bar for customer satisfaction,” J.D. Power’s vice president of service industry, Jeff Conklin, said in an April press release. “These tablet devices are just as capable as many laptops, yet they can still function as standard tablets. This versatility is central to their appeal and success.” Despite the results of that survey, Apple still dominated the market in tablet sales. The company has continued to report strong sales, particularly when it comes to iPhones. “We are proud to report a strong March quarter, with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for the iPhone 7 Plus,” CEO Tim Cook said in a May press release. “We’ve seen great customer response to both models of the new iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition and we’re thrilled with the strong momentum of our Services business, with our highest revenue ever for a 13-week quarter.” Apple laptops are seen inside a store in London, England, Oct. 13, 2016. Photo: Getty Images Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Surface Laptop Vs. Surface Book - Which Surface Is Best? Acer & HP Announce New Windows 10 S Laptops Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World ISIS Claims Responsibility For London Bridge Attack London Mayor Sadiq Khan says he's too busy to respond to President Donald Trump's tweets about the incident that left seven dead and dozens injured. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] May 26 GOOG: 971.47 1.93 9to5Toys Last Call: Asus ZenFone Zoom (unlocked) + powerbank $180, Google Home $99, SanDisk Cruzer 256GB $35, more Stephen Hall - May. 26th 2017 10:29 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Best Memorial Day Sales 2017: Apple Watch, apparel, home goods, more Review: Logitech’s Z537 Speaker System gives your Mac the audio it deserves [Video] AmazonBasics Clear Case for iPhone 7 under $2 (Reg. $9) How-to build your very own LEGO fidget spinner Super Phantom Cat platformer now free on the App Store (Reg. $1) Lenovo Chromebook w/ touchscreen, USB-C & 4GB RAM for $350 (Orig $600) Stanley 16-Ounce FatMax Nailing Hammer $16 + more tool deals Yale Touchscreen Z-Wave Deadbolt w/ Alexa control for $128 (Orig. $245) Green Deals: Ryobi 40V 16-inch Cordless Lawn Mower $179, more 9to5Rewards: Sphero’s Star Wars BB-8 smartphone-controlled droid [Giveaway] Netgear Nighthawk AC1750 Smart 802.11ac Wi-Fi Router for $89 shipped (Reg. $109) Homsecure alerts your iOS/Android device when your existing smoke alarms go off Aukey 150W Power Inverter w/ Outlet and USB Port only $10 Smacircle S1 eBike fits in your backpack to make storage a breeze ASUS ZenFone Zoom 32GB (unlocked) + ZenPower 10050mAh Portable Battery: $180 ($255 value) | B&H Google Home $99 (Reg. $129) for first time Express shoppers SanDisk Cruzer Glide 256GB USB 2.0 Flash Drive for $35 (Reg. $55+) Grab a Moto Z Play for $6/mo, or Droid at $10/mo at Best Buy 9to5Rewards: Twelve South Action Sleeve for Apple Watch [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Smartphone Accessories: 2-Pack Anker Screen Protectors for iPhone 7/Plus $4, more Best Buy Memorial Day Sale: $70 off Apple Watch Series 2, iPad mini 4 $300, more! Multiponk’s local iOS multiplayer free for first time in years (Reg. $3) Minimalist iOS puzzler Klocki goes free for first time in nearly a year Lumino City’s handcrafted worlds drop to lowest price ever at $1 (Reg. $5) Mini Metro’s fantastic puzzle action hits lowest price this year at $1 (Reg. $5) Infinity Blade trilogy now down to just $1 each on iOS (Reg. up to $7) The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is now just $1 on the App Store (Reg. $7) Crazy Taxi’s wild iOS arcade racing now free for first time in years (Reg. $5) Cartoon Network’s iOS RPG Attack the Light hits lowest price in years: $1 (Reg. $3) Assassin’s Creed Identity for iOS drops to just $1 (Reg. $5) Apple 13-inch MacBook Air 256GB gets a $279 discount to $920 shipped Best Buy is clearing out official Apple Watch Sport Bands, starting at $34 (or less) Apple’s 9.7-inch iPad Pro gets $124 discount, priced from $475 Apple’s Great Games for $1 Sale: BADLAND, Assassin’s Creed, many more Mophie Juice Pack Battery for iPhone 7/Plus for $50 shipped (Reg. $99) Bang & Olufsen’s Beoplay A1 Portable Bluetooth Speaker now $208 Status Audio HD One over-ear headphones drop to just $28 shipped today Memorial Day Magazine Sale from under $5/yr: Wired, ESPN, Dwell, GQ, more Twelve South’s sleek Compass 2 stand for iPad Pro/Air/mini $30 (25% off) Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: Samurai II, 3D Pool, more Today’s Best Game Deals: XCOM 2 $25, AC Collection from $20, more Dyson AM08 Bladeless Pedestal Fan for $144 (cert. refurb, Orig. $350) Daily Deals: Brother All-In-One Inkjet Printer w/ AirPrint $40, more Amazon has this 22-inch Husqvarna Lawn Mower on sale for $288, today only Twelve South TimePorter for Apple Watch now $40 (Reg. $50) Verizon offers a $50 Visa Gift Card w/ purchase of the new Samsung Gear 360 VR Star Trek Enterprise: The Complete Series on Blu-ray for $50 (Reg. $75) at Amazon HD Movies to own for $5 at Amazon: Pan, Good Will Hunting, Termintator 2, more Ninja Nutri Bowl Blender hits Amazon all-time low at $80 shipped (Reg. $100+) NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: DEWALT overhauls Bluetooth Connect system w/ new tools, trackers, more Gogoro’s second gen electric scooter has a lower price, same power Pokemon’s Magikarp Jump splashes onto iOS and Android for worldwide release Makerball is a DIY Pinball Machine that is completely customizable IK Multimedia debuts new beast Mac synth w/ Moog, Prophet, Oberheim sampler-instruments 8Bitdo rolls out free Nintendo Switch support for all its retro-style controllers Two:35 is a computer building kit for kids that can actually get them certification DJI’s new $499 Spark drone offers gesture controls, compact design [Gallery] Sphero unveils iOS-controlled Lightning McQueen racer for $300 BIKI is an underwater 4K camera drone that can go wherever you swim Belkin intros new line of compact Pocket Power banks starting at $20 Ambi Climate returns with its second generation Alexa-enabled air conditioner controller Haikara smartwatch focuses on fashion with customizable watch faces and bands This Vintage Vinyl Bluetooth Speaker is actually made out of reclaimed records Beyond Zero’s liquor freezer puts your cocktail “in the rocks” NikeLab releases urban commuter, all-condition ACG.07.KMTR Monoprice is now making a professional quality 3D Printer at just $159 Love Hultén’s new vintage-inspired mahogany Astovox Hi-Fi System Atomos Ninja Inferno: A great way to speed up your Panasonic GH5 workflow [Video] LEGO’s latest is a massive 2,800-piece Minecraft Mountain Cave set WATTS is the customizable battery backup system meant to fit any home Kanex debuts new GoPower Magnetic Charging Apple Watch Stand, more BOSON Building Blocks bring LEGOs and other projects to Life! Amazon upgrades Fire tablet lineup w/ thinner design and new features [Deal] Nanoleaf ditches the smartphone with its 12-sided Aurora Remote Moog unveils the new limited edition Subsequent 37 CV synth The Witcher takes on Game of Thrones with new Netflix series MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: JBL Charge 2+ Splashproof Bluetooth Speaker $60 (Reg. $80) Logitech K750 Wireless Keyboard (cert. refurb) now $30 Everyone can use an Echo Dot: Just $50! Mophie Juice Pack Battery for iPhone 7/Plus for $50 Ringke iPhone 7/Plus and Galaxy S8/Plus cases for $4 Pad & Quill offering 20% off leather/linen iPad & Apple Watch accessories Apple’s official Silicone iPhone 7 cases are on sale at Amazon from $24 iHome SmartPlug with HomeKit/Alexa hits Amazon all-time low: $42 shipped DODOcase Memorial Day Sale 25% off Twelve South BackPack for Mac Storage Shelf at $25 Monoprice 15W Tube Amplifier $50 (Reg. $80) Belkin Memorial Day Sale 30% off PS4 Slim 500GB Call of Duty Bundle now just $220 Puma takes an extra 20% off Green Deals: WORX 14-inch 24V Cordless Lawn Mower $160 Philips Hue HomeKit-enabled Starter Kit $122 (Orig. $180) Dell 27-inch 1080p Monitor w/ HDMI + USB $170 Smartphone Accessories: 2-Pack Lightning Cables $10, more CyberPower 1325 VA UPS w/ 10 AC outlets & 2 USB ports for $125 (Reg. $180) Crest 3D White Luxe Whitestrips for under $17 at Amazon (all-time low) Amazon will send you 50 4×6 prints for FREE w/ this code Rosetta Stone: Levels 1-2 Box Sets now $120 (Orig. $200) Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to content 512 Pixels About Projects Membership Sponsor RSS → Thinking About Shared iCloud Photo Libraries  May 26, 2017May 28, 2017 ⌘ Permalink I had a very rocky experience with iCloud Photo Library in late 2015: I imported my photos and uploaded my 70GB photo library to iCloud. Everything went very smoothly, so I turned on iCloud Photo Library on my iPad. Aaaaaand it all exploded. Apple Support eventually got me up and running, but it took a while for me to fully trust the system. The reality is that iCloud Photo Library is pretty great when everything is working smoothly.1 Photos show up on my devices quickly, regardless if I snapped them with my iPhone or imported them from an SD card on my iMac. My wife has been using it for as long as I have, and she also enjoys the service. We’re both paying iCloud customers at this point, but like every other family using iCloud Photo Library, our sharing system is a bit of a mess. If I take photos on my “nice camera,” I’ll import the RAW files to my iMac, edit them, then import them into both of our libraries. If either of have an iPhone photo we want to share, we AirDrop it, as Shared Photo Streams downsize images and video: iCloud Photo Sharing supports JPEG, RAW, PNG, GIF, TIFF, and MP4, as well as special formats you capture with your iPhone, like slo-mo, time-lapse, 4K videos, and Live Photos. You can even share your Memory videos. When shared, photos taken with standard point-and-shoot cameras, SLR cameras, or iOS devices have up to 2048 pixels on the long edge. Panoramic photos can be up to 5400 pixels wide. iCloud Photo Sharing supports both MP4 and QuickTime video file types, and H.264 and MPEG-4 Video file formats. Videos can be up to five minutes in length and are delivered at up to 720p resolution. All of this leads to a lot of duplication between our libraries. Google recently introduced powerful new sharing tools, and as the guys on ATP spoke about this week, its time Apple step up to the plate with something new. Here’s Jason Snell on the subject: My wife and I have wanted to pool our photo libraries for ages now—the alternative is for me to occasionally plug her iPhone into my Mac and import her photos, and for her to ask me to AirDrop photos I’ve taken to her when she wants to post them to Facebook. Google Photos will allow that now—and Apple needs to follow suit. But, you’re saying to yourself, what if you want to share some but not all photos with a partner? Google’s announcement takes this extra step, letting you specify that certain sorts of photos—for example, photos of specific people—be shared, while others aren’t. While offering an all-or-nothing library sharing feature would be nice, it’s even better if sharing can have some granularity. Google’s headed there now. Will Apple follow? In thinking about how Apple could add family sharing to iCloud Photo Library, two types of solutions come to mind. Common Library In this world, Apple would have a way to have multiple iCloud accounts have access to one big, centralized common photo library. Users — let’s say a married couple — could both go in, create albums, make edits and more. Both people would have full read/write access to the library. There are issues with this, of course. Would individuals have their own iCloud Photo Libraries and access to the big shared one? How would Photos.app display this? I think this sort of thing could be confusing, and I bet people would end up with photos in the wrong library pretty easily. If users didn’t have their own personal libraries, I think many would be frustrated and sharing every single photo and screenshot they take. In short, I don’t think a big, shared library is the way to go. Library Access This solution is what I would prefer. In it, my wife and I would continue to have our own libraries, tied to our own iCloud accounts, just like we do today. However, we would be able to add each other as viewers to our libraries. Once access has been granted, her library would show up in the top-level of Photos.app as do things like People, Places, Videos, etc. I could tap her library to see all of her content, including albums, collections, etc. If I were to see something I wanted to add to my library, I could select it and tap “Add to My Library.” Doing so would prompt iCloud to add a full-resolution copy of that file to my personal library. In this world, she would not be able to edit anything in my library, but pull any content from it she wants in hers. This would not take care of the duplication issue, but would be less confusing than having one big library. WWDC is Coming Last year, Photos.app and iCloud Photo Library saw a lot of love, but Apple needs to keep its foot on the gas to stay competitive in this space. I hope they do just that on June 5. It’s still not perfect; I recently had a whole bunch of photos adopt the same description. After some back and forth with Apple, my radar was marked as a duplicate and closed. ↩ Post navigation ← Previous Post Next Post → RSS Sponsor: Balance Balance is a powerful menubar app for your money built by a team from Apple, Stripe and Ethereum. It was featured in the U.S. Mac App Store when it launched in February.     Become a Member I've been writing here for almost nine years, but the next decade of 512 Pixels requires your support. 512 Pixels is a blog written by Stephen Hackett about things that light up and make noise. Follow via RSS or Twitter. YouTube | Apple History |Archive | Contact Manage your account. copyright 2008-2017, Hackett Technical Media, LLC made with love in Memphis, Tennessee
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Two years in, what has Apple ResearchKit accomplished? STAT Kate Sheridan 5/26/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why bottled water is one of the biggest scams of the century 10 iconic American companies owned by Chinese investors In March 2015, Apple promised to change the way medical research could be done. They launched ResearchKit, which could turn millions of iPhones around the world into a “powerful tool for medical research,” the company said at the time. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 155.45 +2.27 +1.48% Herbalife Ltd HLF ▼ 73.92 -0.19 -0.26% Alibaba Group Holding Ltd BABA ▲ 124.13 +0.16 +0.13% TPG Telecom Ltd YST ▼ 3.67 -0.10 -2.58% Since then, ResearchKit — software that gives would-be app developers a library of coding to create health apps on the iPhone and Apple Watch — has spawned a number of studies: One team has used it to create an app to track Parkinson’s symptoms; another is trying out a screening protocol for autism. A third helps people inventory the moles on their skin and evaluate how they have changed over time. Many of these apps have been downloaded tens of thousands of times, benefitting from Apple’s own huge scale. “Virtually overnight, the research studies that we launched became some of the largest in history,” said Jeff Williams, then Apple’s senior vice president of operations, at an Apple event in March 2016. But much of the early research scientists were doing with ResearchKit wasn’t clinical in nature; rather it simply studied the feasibility of using mobile apps to collect health data. Now, however, ResearchKit seems to be on the verge of becoming medically useful. In recent months scientists have published new data on seizures, asthma attacks, and heart disease using the platform. And scientists are already looking ahead to the next milestone for the technology: Hacking our ubiquitous mobile devices to become potentially lifesaving medical monitors. Studying — and soon, predicting — seizures For epilepsy patients and their doctors, precise answers to standard questions can be hard to get. For example: how many seizures happened in the last month? How many doses of epilepsy medication were skipped? Some patients try to remember, others keep journals or charts; those in a recent Johns Hopkins study were the first to use a ResearchKit app to do so — while also sending the numbers to Dr. Gregory Krauss and his colleagues to help them study seizures as a whole. For the past two years, Krauss has collected data from participants before, after — and even during — seizures. If the users think they’re about to have a seizure, they can open the app on their watch and begin tests to measures their memory along with their state of awareness; if they stop responding to the test, they’re presumed to have lost awareness until they start responding again. That data is coupled with heart rate and accelerometer data. The team’s results were the first to use surveys taken immediately after seizures to document epilepsy triggers — a feat that would have been impossible with previous research methods. Sleepless nights, missed medication doses, and stress were all found to contribute to likelihood of seizure, according to data presented at the American Academy of Neurology’s annual meeting on April 27. Researchers plan to soon submit the data for peer-reviewed publication and join just a handful of other ResearchKit teams who have published. Load Error Read more:Technology companies are racing to track patients’ behavior in real time And Krauss and his team are already working on the ambitious next stage of their research. They’ve begun analyzing the data they’ve collected to create a seizure detector that aims to warn participants before the terrifying — and potentially dangerous — event sets in. The EpiWatch app, running in the background on a smartwatch, would use physiological data to detect a seizure and alert its wearer. That could be a huge deal for people who have epilepsy, as Shaina Mims described in Apple’s promotional video. Mims said she worried about having a seizure while driving — but a seizure detector could allow her or her loved ones to ensure that she’s in a safe place before a seizure hits. Krauss says the detection function could be available to users of the app by autumn 2017.© Provided by Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC ReseachKit Apple Senior Vice President of Operations Jeff Williams announces ResearchKit on stage during an Apple special event at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco. (Stephen Lam/Getty Images) Research showing results Meanwhile, other studies using the ResearchKit software are increasingly making their way through publication and adding to the scientific literature. The MyHeart Counts app, for instance, which studies the impact of physical activity on heart health, published preliminary results in January in JAMA Cardiology. Over 20,000 people sent some data about their movement patterns to researchers through the app and about 4,900 people completed a six-minute walk test, an oft-used measure for fitness. Analyzing the data showed that nearly two-thirds of the participants were stationary for half of their day, and people who were among the least active participants had higher rates of cardiovascular-related illnesses. Another team at Mount Sinai published data from their asthma app in March in Nature Biotechnology. Their findings confirmed that more asthma attacks happen in the summer than in the spring and that air quality plays a role in asthma symptoms. Read more:How Apple, Google, and other tech titans aim to shake up the way we treat disease In both these cases, the size of the samples — and the time it took to recruit them — are pretty unbeatable. “I think it would be very hard to do the research without ResearchKit,” Krauss, the epilepsy researcher, said. “We’re able to study people in a large range of ages and a large number of different types of seizures across the entire US quickly.” So far, his team has analyzed data from nearly 1,000 participants. One segment of Mount Sinai’s study included more than 2,000 people — about as many adults with asthma as the CDC reached during its 2015 National Health Interview Survey. And Mount Sinai professor Pei Wang, a co-author of the asthma study, pointed out, their study could gather data from the same individual over several days; each person only took the CDC’s survey once. A work in progress But despite those advantages, ResearchKit faces two major hurdles — one of which was obvious when it launched, and the other of which has become apparent as data have emerged. Firstly, because participants register from their personal devices, they have to have been able to afford an Apple product, be it a smartphone or a smartwatch. Only half of households making $30,000 or less had access to a smartphone in 2015, according to a Pew report; that survey did not break down the numbers by brand. By default, then, many low-income individuals wouldn’t have access to participate in these research studies. And secondly, research done on ResearchKit may suffer from a broader diversity problem. All of the researchers STAT spoke to said they were satisfied with their sample populations but noted that some “techie” cities and regions — looking at you, San Francisco — had a particularly high number of participants. Though the asthma study had about the same geographic distribution of survey respondents as the CDC’s, its cohort was younger, wealthier, more educated, and more male. The sample was also less ethnically diverse. Only 5 percent of the study’s participants were black; according to CDC asthma prevalence data, about 14 percent of all adults with asthma are black. This sampling problem has a few possible solutions. Mobile device prices might get cheaper. More groups might step up to donate devices for research participants to use. Or, developers could just make the apps work on more and different devices. That last approach is being actively pursued by programmers who are collaborating on the development of a ResearchKit-style platform for Android called ResearchStack. In theory, researchers who have already created a ResearchKit-based app could begin developing an Android app using that software today. In practice, however, it’s not a simple leap. Dario Salvi, a postdoc at the University of Oxford, has spent many hours building a MyHeart Counts app for Android, partly because the ResearchStack software is still not very user-friendly. Expanding to Android might do more than just widen the pool of people able to participate in studies — it could also expand the types of data researchers could collect. “The Android operating system allows researchers to easily get access to information about how people are using their phones,” said Lara Mangravite, the president of Sage Bionetworks — including, if the user consents, call logs and internet use data. The latter could be harnessed in surprising ways. For instance, Mangravite says, since people read on their smartphones in the bathroom, combining internet use data along with GPS information might help an algorithm predict when someone is having a flare of irritable bowel syndrome. For his part, Krauss won’t be waiting for ResearchStack to move forward with his work. A system that he could use on Android is a few years away, he said, especially given the technical requirements his study demands of watch-like wearables. “I think the advantage of working with ResearchKit is that it’s up and going and also I think the Apple Watch is particularly sophisticated now compared to other products,” Krauss said. “Eventually, I think [other watches will] all be able to collect biosensor data, have a user interface and support this kind of activity. But the Apple Watch, we can use it to do that right now.”© Stephen Lam/Getty Images iPhone Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from STAT Nevada governor vetoes bill that targeted diabetes drug costs STAT Pfizer has raised prices on nearly 100 drugs by an average of 20 percent STAT Three key stories we’re watching for at ASCO STAT STAT View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Tech Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic A demo of Facebook's Instant Articles format. Courtesy of Facebook. Facebook Here’s Why Facebook Is Helping Google and Apple With Instant Articles Mathew Ingram May 26, 2017 If there's one thing you can usually count on with Facebook, it's that any new feature it introduces will be designed primarily to benefit Facebook—in most cases to get users to spend more time inside the company's walled garden. That's why an announcement Facebook made on Thursday is unusual. The company said it would open the technology behind its mobile-focused Instant Articles feature so that it works with similar competing services offered by Google and Apple. With one step, publishers will now be able to use a Facebook software tool to produce articles that fit the Facebook Instant Articles standard, and also comply with Google's competing AMP (Accelerated Mobile Pages) standard, Support for the Apple News format is coming soon, the company said. This doesn't mean Google or Apple will get any more access to Facebook's platform than they would have before. But it does represent a kind of truce in the mobile news war, and in that sense it is a tacit admission of failure. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. By supporting Google and Apple's technologies, Facebook is essentially admitting that Instant Articles by itself wasn't enough to entice publishers. For the past two years or so, ever since it launched Instant Articles as a limited trial with partners like the New York Times (and Time Inc., which owns Fortune), the social network has been trying to get media companies to adopt it. In a nutshell, the feature takes articles that have been formatted for the web and strips them down to make them load more quickly in a mobile browser. Initially, this was an appealing idea for many publishers, which either didn't have the financial resources or the skills to make their stories load faster in mobile browsers. But at the same time, it was a problematic deal in many ways. Facebook offered anyone who participated in the program 70% of the revenue from ads that Facebook was able to sell, or 100% of the revenue from ads they sold themselves. But this revenue didn't exactly start pouring in. The company made a number of tweaks to try and improve the situation, but it didn't really move the needle for many media companies, especially since one of the main ways Facebook sped up the loading of pages was by blocking certain types of ads. In addition to that, some publishers were leery of giving Facebook even more control over their content. The giant social network already accounts for a huge amount of the traffic that many media outlets get from the web, and uses its algorithm to control who sees their content and when. Some, like the Washington Post, jumped in with both feet, but others—including Bloomberg, the Wall Street Journal, and ESPN—balked. Even the New York Times, a launch partner, eventually stopped participating in Instant Articles, and so did The Guardian (which also pulled out of Apple News). In part, that's because both papers were focusing on their digital subscriptions and membership programs, and Instant Articles wasn't really helping. Many publishers seem to be more interested in Google's AMP standard, which is more open than Facebook's. Although the search giant is in charge of the technology, it is an open-source project that makes its code public and theoretically allows anyone to take part in developing it. There are still concerns on the part of some media companies that Google has too much control over AMP, and that it is interested primarily in promoting its own advertising networks and technologies, but AMP still seems to have gotten more uptake than Instant Articles. It also supports subscriptions and paywalls, which Instant Articles doesn't. Apple News, meanwhile, got off to a slow start, with many publishers seeing extremely low traffic from articles they formatted for the service. But more recently there is evidence that some sites are seeing improved traffic from their Apple News articles. Apple also recently hired a managing editor for Apple News, a position that didn't exist before, which suggests that it might be looking to beef up the service and possibly even expand it. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
﻿ Menu  TMG Corporate website Adomonline website Multi-TV website Joy Fm Luv Fm Adom Fm Nhyira Fm Hitz Fm Asempa Fm Services About Us Contact us Advertisements Our Daily Bread Partners Google DW BBC Rancard Zenolive Media Photos Videos Audio Live Radio Live TV Social  RSS Feeds  Facebook  Twitter  Youtube  Google plus  LinkedIn  Instagram Community Sign in Newsletter Download App Features Save a child save a mother HotLine coming soon Events Bridal Fair Old Skuul Reunion Elections More Obituary Mynews Weather Stock Market Menu Classic View Home News Politics Sports Business Entertainment Opinion World Elections Live Radio Watch Live TV Photos Audio Videos Obituary TV More Apple likely to update its MacBooks next monthApple likely to update its MacBooks next month Source: foxnews.com Date: 26-05-2017 Time: 05:05:01:pm Apple is set to update its MacBooks at its anuall developer conference to keep up the arms race after Microsoft recently showed off its latest offerings. At its Worldwide Developer Conference -- which confers between June 5-9 -- Apple is expected to announce a broad refresh of its MacBook line, including the MacBook Pro and 12-inch MacBook, Rhoda Alexander, an analyst at market researcher IHS Markit, told Fox News. Alexander’s projection comports with a recent Bloomberg report, which says that Apple plans to update its MacBooks at the June conference. Catching up to Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard and Dell The updates are expected to bring the MacBook line up to speed with Windows laptops by adopting Intel’s newest 7th Generation “Kaby Lake” processor, which can deliver better performance while extending battery life. Apple, which redesigned its MacBook Pro laptop last October, use Intel's Skylake processor. The 12-inch MacBook, which was updated in spring 2016, also uses the Skylake processor, known in the marketplace as a sixth generation processor. Meanwhile, many of the newest laptop models from HP, Dell and Microsoft have adopted Intel’s latest 7th Generation Core processor. Microsoft recently announced the Surface Laptop – which will go on sale June 15 – with Intel’s 7th Gen processor. Microsoft claims that its first laptop can deliver “up to 14.5 hours video playback” on battery. The updated 13-inch MacBook Pro will use a new low-power version of Intel’s latest chip while the 15-inch model will get an updated quad-core processor, designated "Kaby Lake H," according to Alexander. The 2-pound, 12-inch MacBook will get an ultra-low-power version of the Kaby Lake chip, Alexander added. Apple could not be reached for comment for this story. Pricing is expected to remain largley the same with past models. The 12-inch MacBook starts at $1,299, while the 13-inch MacBook Pro (non-Touch-Bar) starts at $1,499 and the 15-incher at $2,399. Retailers typically discount outgoing models when a refresh happens.  Wither MacBook Air? It is “unclear” if the venerable MacBook Air will see an update in June, Alexander said. Bloomberg said that Apple “has…considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air” but offered no clarity beyond that. Despite its old design, the MacBook Air, whcih starts at $999, has remained popular with consumers. iPad could also see updates It’s possible that Apple also update its iPads along with the MacBooks, Alexander said. The 10.5 inch iPad “is in production now [and] there's a new 12.9 inch model coming as well,” she said on Wednesday, revising an earlier forecast that saw the iPad updates coming later this year. If accurate, the 10.5-inch model would be the first iPad with that screen size. Currently, the iPad is offered in 7.9-inch, 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch sizes. Share this story Leave a comment What others are reading Togolese President Faure Gnassingbe is new ECOWAS chairperson 'Oi, cowards!': Londoners fought back as killers rampaged June 3 Disaster: Survivors call for institution of monthly allowance Abacha $2m was used for 'nationalistic purposes' - Rawlings Latest Stories MPs want WAEC to guard against question leaks as BECE begins Mayweather's visit to Ghana: What's in it for us? Rawlings: I wanted to quit NDC but… Abacha $2m was used for 'nationalistic purposes' - Rawlings How politicisation of security agencies is affecting Ghana June 3 Disaster: Survivors call for institution of monthly allowance Technology giants pledge to work together to tackle online terrorist content ‘Enough is enough’ PM May says after London attack Previous article They tried for 17 years to have a baby. Now they have sextuplets Next article Bernardo Silva: Man City set to complete £43m deal for Monaco midfielder LIFESTYLE Who orgasms most and least, and why﻿ ODD NEWS Antisocial woman pretends to be blind for 28 years so she wouldn’t have to greet people AUTOS The Junction Mall Auto Show TECHNOLOGY Technology giants pledge to work together to tackle online terrorist content OBITUARY Mrs. Diana Cynthia NAA AFARLEY SONEKAN ELECTIONS Expansion of electoral college cost NDC 2016 – Alex Segbefia Home News Politics Business Sports World News Opinion More Sections Entertainment Elections Health Odd News Automobile Technology Obituary Media Audio on Demand Photo Gallery Online Radio Videos On Demand Live TV Social RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook Youtube Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Myjoyonline Advertise Online Team Privacy Policy Services Contact us Feedback Our daily bread
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Fans camp out hours ahead of Singapore Apple Store opening Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Fans camp out hours ahead of Singapore Apple Store opening close breaking news Advertisement Singapore Fans camp out hours ahead of Singapore Apple Store opening People waiting outside the Apple Store Singapore on the eve of opening day (Photo: Howard Law) By Howard Law 27 May 2017 12:09AM (Updated: 27 May 2017 08:42AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SINGAPORE: An hour to midnight, crowd barriers were erected up outside Singapore’s first Apple Store at Knightsbridge Mall along Orchard Road – a sign of long lines expected for the outlet’s official opening on Saturday morning (May 27). More than 20 people - several of them students - were spotted hanging around outside the store on Friday evening, even though security personnel were overheard telling people to “please go home” and to come back at 10am the next day. Fans of Apple told Channel NewsAsia that they were ready to camp overnight (Photo: Howard Law) Some told Channel NewsAsia they have been waiting as early 5pm. Some literally went the extra mile, having flown in from abroad to check out Apple’s first brick-and-mortar retail store in Southeast Asia. ”We are all prepared and ready to camp out here with snacks and drinks,” said Sariddej, who flew in specially with a friend from Thailand and another from Laos for the opening. “We are big fans of Apple,” he said, showing off an Apple logo tee and iPhone and iPod tattoos. Advertisement Advertisement Thai fans waiting for the #AppleStoreSg opening come armed with drinks, snacks and tattoos https://t.co/AM3t4V0KRh pic.twitter.com/Ye8OMoym61— Channel NewsAsia (@ChannelNewsAsia) May 26, 2017 Earlybirds like Sariddej and friends were ushered into the nearby Grand Park Hotel to get wristbands. Peter, from China, who was first in line, said he is “really excited” for the launch. Armed with a foldable chair, he said he planned to camp out overnight. “Attending events like this for me is pretty meaningful. I have been to many Apple Store openings in China and this is my first time attending an Apple Store opening in another country. “Normally for an Apple Store opening, they will give out merchandise like T-shirts and playing cards, so I hope to get those.” Peter is first in line for the Apple Store opening (Photo: Howard Law) On top of collectors’ items, Apple has more in store for opening day, including a performance by Singapore Idol 3 winner Sezairi Sezali as well as photo walks with photographer Aik Beng Chia. Source: CNA/ly Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales,Supply,Demand,Analysis,Forecast to 2022 Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Marke WiseGuyReports.com adds “Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities Research Report Forecasting to 2022”reports to its database. PUNE, INDIA, May 26, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market: Executive Summary This report studies Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Vermont Village Bragg Viva Spectrum Naturals Heinz White House Kevala … Request Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1308021-global-apple-cider-vinegar-acv-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Organic ACV Non Organic ACV By Application, the market can be split into Daily Drinks Seasonings Healthcare Drinks Other By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. For further information on this report, visit – https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1308021-global-apple-cider-vinegar-acv-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) 1.1.1 Definition of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) 1.1.2 Specifications of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) 1.2 Classification of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) 1.2.1 Organic ACV 1.2.2 Non Organic ACV 1.3 Applications of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) 1.3.1 Daily Drinks 1.3.2 Seasonings 1.3.3 Healthcare Drinks 1.3.4 Other 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) 3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Major Manufacturers in 2016 4 Global Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Overall Market Overview 4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis 4.2 Capacity Analysis 4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2016 Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2016 Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Sales Price 4.4.2 2016 Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Regional Market Analysis 5.1 North America Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Analysis 5.1.1 North America Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Overview 5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Sales Price Analysis 5.1.4 North America 2016 Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Share Analysis 5.2 China Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Analysis 5.2.1 China Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Overview 5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Sales Price Analysis 5.2.4 China 2016 Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Share Analysis 5.3 Europe Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Analysis 5.3.1 Europe Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Overview 5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Sales Price Analysis 5.3.4 Europe 2016 Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Share Analysis 5.4 Southeast Asia Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Analysis 5.4.1 Southeast Asia Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Overview 5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Sales Price Analysis 5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Share Analysis 5.5 Japan Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Analysis 5.5.1 Japan Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Overview 5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Sales Price Analysis 5.5.4 Japan 2016 Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Share Analysis 5.6 India Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Analysis 5.6.1 India Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Overview 5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Sales Price Analysis 5.6.4 India 2016 Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Market Share Analysis 6 Global 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Segment Market Analysis (by Type) 6.1 Global 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Sales by Type 6.2 Different Types of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Product Interview Price Analysis 6.3 Different Types of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Product Driving Factors Analysis 6.3.1 Organic ACV of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.2 Non Organic ACV of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Growth Driving Factor Analysis 7 Global 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Segment Market Analysis (by Application) 7.1 Global 2012-2017E Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Consumption by Application 7.2 Different Application of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Product Interview Price Analysis 7.3 Different Application of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Product Driving Factors Analysis 7.3.1 Daily Drinks of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Growth Driving Factor Analysis 7.3.2 Seasonings of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Growth Driving Factor Analysis 7.3.3 Healthcare Drinks of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Growth Driving Factor Analysis 7.3.4 Other of Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) Growth Driving Factor Analysis …CONTINUED Buy this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1308021 Norah Trent WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Light Switches Market 2021: Industrial Forecast and Analysis Next PostNext $5K Special Needs Assistance Program Grant Replaced Leaky Roof Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
ITProPortal Search RSS News Features Analysis Guides Reviews Categories Business Hardware Security Software Mobile Enterprise Cloud Networks Public Sector Startups Web Honor 8 Pro A hugely powerful device, without the mega price tag. By Michael Moore Review  Shares Our Verdict The Honor 8 Pro combines high-end hardware with a smooth and polished design. It's easy to use and will comfortably last all day, but is lacking that little bit of sparkle that could tie it all together. Pros Polished design Great battery life Powerful hardware Affordable price Cons Poor availability Annoying EMUI software Lack of killer feature The Honor 8 Pro is the latest premium smartphone from the Chinese manufacturer, best known as a offshoot of tech titan Huawei. The company has grown hugely in the past few years as it looks to offer customers an alternative to the typical Apple or Samsung handsets, offering powerful hardware at a more affordable price. On sale now for £474.99 from the company's own Vmall online marketplace, the Honor 8 Pro looks to be the biggest challenger yet. Building on a number of past handset releases, the Honor 8 Pro is targeting the premium end of the smartphone market, but with a price tag that's slightly less than you'd pay for an iPhone, Google Pixel or Samsung Galaxy S8. The design Despite its aim of taking on the likes of the top Android devices from Samsung, HTC or Sony, at first glance it's hard to spot anything too striking with the Honor 8 Pro. Featuring a rounded metal and glass body that bears more than a passing resemblence to Apple's top device, the Honor 8 Pro is comfortable to hold, but its slimline build (at just 7mm across) can mean that it sometimes feels a bit slippery, which isn't ideal if you're heading somewhere fast. The 5.7 inch LCD touchscreen display offers a widescreen experience, with the screen stretching across the whole face, however there are some rather chunky bezels at the top and bottom of the screen. There's a 3.5mm headphone jack in the bottom left corner on the device, which may make listening to music or making hands-free calls a bit tricky if you normally carry your phone around in your pocket. The rear of the Honor 8 Pro is beautifully uncluttered, with just the fingerprint sensor near the top of the rear panel, as the dual-lens camera is moved up to the top-left hand corner. Admittedly, the fingerprint reader is a tad small, meaning you may struggle to unlock it first-try when initially using the device, but it does come with a couple of handy feature, such as the ability to answer calls, take a photo, or stop alarms with just a touch. The hardware One of the most impressive aspects of the Honor 8 Pro is just how much has been squeezed into the device. The Honor 8 Pro is powered by Huawei's own Kirin 960, which isn't as powerful as the top-end chips from Apple and Qualcomm, but runs them both pretty close. There's a choice between 4 or 6GB of RAM, backed up with 64GB of storage, meaning that for the price you're paying there's a lot of power within. Charging is done via USB-C, with the Honor 8 Pro boasting a huge 4,000mAh battery, which is easily enough for all-day usage. Our tests found that the phone lasted over a day, despite heavy usage of web surfing, social media and watching video. It's an incredible battery for a device so slim, and definitely stands out as one of the Honor 8 Pro's key features. On the rear, there's a dual-12MP rear camera, f/2.2, phase detection and laser autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash However the Honor 8 Pro doesn't benefit from Huawei's partnership with iconic camera maker Leica, which has seen the likes of the Huawei Mate 9 and Huawei P10 sport boosted sensors, meaning that photos are good, but not spectacular. The experience If you've ever used an Android smartphone before, you'll immediately be comfortable with the Honor 8 Pro - but if you've ever used another Huawei or Honor device, you'll be speeding along. The device is powered by Android 7.0 Nougat, meaning all the usual apps and services are present - with the notable exception of the Google Assistant. However once again, Huawei has overlaid its own EMUI 5.1 interface on top of this. This allows for a bit more personalisation, with a whole range of custom services and tools, but as with past devices, also loads the Honor 8 Pro with unneccesaary bloatware. It's a real shame, as Huawei seems to have learnt little from past criticism. Asides from these quibbles though, the Honor 8 Pro is a breeze to use. The phone is quick to boot up and get ready, with navigation through app menus slick and speedy too. Verdict So is the Honor 8 Pro worth your money over an iPhone or Galaxy S8? The device has a lot to recommend it for, bringing together a polished design, slick hardware and a huge battery life - all of which make this pretty attractive prospect. However there just seems to be something lacking - a killer feature, or USP - which stops us just short of giving it a top rating. The Honor 8 Pro is missing a certain something, maybe to give it a bit more shine, or refinement - something that would help set it apart. Make no mistake, this is by far and away the best Honor smartphone yet - but if you're looking for a powerful, long-lasting work phone, it's probably best sticking to the big brands for the time being. The Verdict 4 out of 5 Honor 8 Pro The Honor 8 Pro combines high-end hardware with a smooth and polished design. It's easy to use and will comfortably last all day, but is lacking that little bit of sparkle that could tie it all together. GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join over 7000 ITProPortal subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from ITProPortal to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 How to insert a tick or a cross symbol in Microsoft Word and Excel 2 How to turn off 'OK Google' voice search 3 How to start page numbering from a specific page in Word 4 A guide to deleting your accounts from any website: From Amazon to Facebook 5 The ‘open banking revolution’ and the tech underpinning banks’ digital transformation 1 Making decisions with data – the role for machine learning in analytics 2 Six in ten companies still don’t know who has access to their critical data 3 What is the future of the IBM mainframe? 4 Data scientists have the potential to help save the world 5 Six trends that will make business more intelligent in 2017 ITProPortal is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Five apps Donald Trump should have on his iPhone besides Twitter There are over 2 million apps on the iOS Store, please consider these Mr President. By Oliver Cragg Updated May 26, 2017 16:57 BST Close In a related video: Donald Trump's weirdest habits IBTimes UK In 2008, Apple introduced the world to the App Store - an iOS storefront for its first generation iPhone that opened the doors to thousands of applications and forever changed the way people interact with their smartphones. The App Store now boasts over 2 million apps and counting, spanning everything from banking, games, social media, education, news, music and so much more. Imagine, then, being so transfixed by, and obsessed with, a singular app and never sampling the myriad delights within Apple's digital store. It's unthinkable. Yet according to a number of reports, US president Donald Trump is exactly that kind of person with only one app on his smartphone. The app? Twitter, of course - the White House head honcho's social podium where the former business mogul blurts out self-aggrandising rhetoric on a variety of invariably controversial subjects, or brands US media outlets "fake news" ad nauseum. Perhaps Trump is still smarting from leaving behind his Candy Crush Saga progress after ditching his aging, unsecured Android phone in favour of his current Secret Service-approved device in March. Who knows. Whatever the reason, the unverified claim that Trump has shunned all other apps is a blight on his mobile device of (forced) choice. With that in mind, here are five apps President Trump should download immediately: Merriam-Webster Dictionary - Free "I have the best words," Trump famously said. Here are five of them: Bigly Unpresidented Euphenism Yuge Schlonged These are not words recognised by any dictionary aside from the "Urban" kind. Perhaps "America's most useful and respected dictionary" can help the US president correct and potentially expand his bizarre vocabulary. CNN: Breaking US & World News - Free Based on Trump's tweets, it's apparent that the US president has something of a soft spot for the right wing news organisation Fox News. CNN, on the other hand, has been a regular source of ire for Trump, with his frequent use of fake news hashtags on Twitter commonly relating to the Time Warner-owned channel's coverage. Framed as a nonpartisan alternative to both the left and right wing-leaning alternatives, Trump could benefit from familiarising himself with CNN's clips, written stories and photo galleries all contained within the channel's official app. The Blu Market / Apple Trump's Wall: Build it Huge - Free Trump's ambition to construct a gigantic US-Mexico border wall has been somewhat scaled back since the Donald's lofty promises on the presidential campaign trail. The estimated $21.6 billion project is now reduced to a $1.5 billion security investment agreed in the recent Congress-approved budget. Thankfully, Trump can live out his barrier building fantasies with Trump's Wall - Build it Huge, a simplistic block stacking game complete with Trump-esque banners. The Weather Channel - Free If we operate under the assumption that Apple's standard Weather application was a victim of Trump's digital cull, then he is in dire need of a replacement. We all know that the 45th President of the United States loves hitting the greens, just a short drive from the Trump family's gold-adorned Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. Jetting off to the "Winter White House" for a round of golf only to be greeted by poor weather conditions would be a tragic state of affairs for Trump, and while an aide would no doubt always be on hand to deliver the meteorological outlook, a quick app tap could expedite the process. Sure the liberals will decry the cost the trips have on US taxpayers and the fake news media will question the frequency of said trips, at least Trump will be able to relax knowing he'll be able to top up that tangerine tan in the balmy Florida sun. Donald Trump plays a round of golf after the opening of The Trump International Golf Links Course on 10 July 2012Getty Do Not Press The Red Button - £0.99 This is fairly self-explanatory, but at least there's a mildly entertaining puzzle-lite game underneath the crucial lesson. If Trump holds any lingering curiosity to see what happens by pressing a bright red button, at least this way nothing else suffers aside from maybe a metaphorical cat. More from IBTimes UK Over one million people sign online petition to impeach Donald Trump Make Trump's smartphone great again! Five secure handsets the US president should consider Trump trolled after proudly tweeting 'Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis' Related topics : Donald Trump Twitter IPhone Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
On Air: Mon - Fri 12-6:30am, Sat & Sun 12-7am Best of Newstalk The very best of today's programming Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions BUSINESS AND TECH NEWS all Consumer Finance Product Reviews How to Tech BUSINESS AND TECH NEWS Amazon's €1bn Dublin data centre campus thrown into doubt Amazon hopes to begin on the site in mid-2017 - but an appeal could delay that Business & Tech A view of an Amazon sign at the fulfillment centre in Hertfordshire, UK | Image: Nick Ansell / PA Wire/Press Association Images 16:19 26 May 2017 David Gilbert 16:19 Friday 26 May 2017 Amazon has big plans for Ireland. In March, it revealed that it was planning to build a €1 billion data centre campus in Dublin, and just last month it was granted planning permission for the first phase of that project by Fingal County Council. Now however the project has been thrown into doubt by two objectors who this week lodged objections to the planning decision to An Bord Pleanala, with one of those objectors the same man who is attempting to prevent Apple from building its €850 million data centre in Athenry. The first phase of Amazon's plan is building a huge 223,000 square foot data centre in Mulhuddart, which is estimated to cost in the region of €200 million. However the company has said that if all goes well, it could add up to another seven data halls on the 26-hectare site in Mulhuddart, owned by the IDA - potentially costing over €700 million. Despite the huge scale of the operation, Amazon says the project will only generate around 30 full-time jobs. Fingal granted planning permission for the project last month and the e-commerce giant said that it anticipated construction work would begin on the site in mid-2017. The appeal to An Bord Pleanala - which was confirmed to Newstalk by the agency this week - could delay that significantly. David Hughes, an architect, who also submitted an observation on Apple's planned project in Athenry, is one of the objectors. The other is Allan Daly, an environmental consultant based in Athenry, who is currently one of three people taking part in a judicial review of Apple's $850 million data centre project near the Galway village. The reason for Daly's objection? "The primary ground of my appeal is that the developer failed to disclose the electrical power and energy that the data centre will use, which is an impact that requires assessment under the Environmental Impact Assessment Directive," Daly said. Daly already sent his observations to Fingal County Council, pointing out that Amazon had failed to reveal the exact amount of power it would require, but the planning authority decided to grant permission anyway. Energy needs Apple did reveal the amount of energy it would use if the entire project was built, which Daly claimed in his initial submission to Galway County Council, would account for 8 percent of the entire national grid. Daly believes that by not revealing how much energy it is using, Amazon is being given the freedom to draw as much energy as it wants. Daly's objections to Apple's planned development follow a similar line. He feels that planners and regulators in Ireland are not putting in place the right guidelines and regulations in relation to data centres. As a result, the explosion in data centres being built and planned in Ireland could end up crippling the country's power grid. Amazon has failed to respond to a request for comment from Newstalk about the possible delay in its data centre project. It is unclear how much of a delay the objections will have on the project. The next step in the process is that An Bord Pleanala sends a copy of the appeal back to Fingal County Council, where it is available for inspection by the public and to any other parties to the appeal. In most cases the Board then appoints an inspector, who will be a qualified planner, to consider the case. Usually the inspector visits the site and take photographs in order to help make their recommendation. The inspector makes a written report to the Board and members then convene to consider the entire file and make a final decision. In particularly complex cases, or developments of significant national or local interest, an oral hearing may be held. This was the case in the Apple data centre project, after which An Bord Pleanala upheld the decision of Galway County Council. Daly however appeal that decision to the Commercial Court, which heard the case in March and is due to mention it again next month. It is unclear when a decision will be made. It is therefore impossible to say with any accuracy how long of a delay these objections will have on the Amazon data centre - but the Apple case can give some clues. When Apple announced plans to build a data centre campus in Athenry in Feburary 2015, it also announced plans to build one in Denmark. While the planned site of Apple's Irish development lies untouched, in Denmark, the first data centre is set to go online in just a few months time. 16:19 26 May 2017 David Gilbert 16:19 Friday 26 May 2017 3 Related articles Amazon's €1 billion plan for Dublin Apple named world's greenest tech company North Cork's getting a €64m wind farm most popular latest sport #PornWeek: The A to Z - by way of XXX - of pornography London mayor has "more important things to do" than respond to Trump tweets GALLERY: GAA Championship Round-Up 'I would consider it if Madrid made an offer:' Eden Hazard site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 Best of Newstalk × The very best of today's programming Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading... Forgot your Newstalk password × Reset Password
Report: Sources suggest Apple has succeeded in creating a screen-integrated Touch ID sensor | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision… Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach… Plex adds Live TV support Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air… Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The… Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads,… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product BlueLounge Quick Peek Smart Organizing Label… Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature &… 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Joby GripTight Pro Video Mount Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Kensington Laptop Locking Station 2.0 IK Multimedia Syntronik Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices… Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using… Checking the Weather in the Maps app in iOS… Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Adonit Switch 2-in-1 Stylus &… Daily Deal: Pagico 8.7 Daily Deal: Moskito Smartphone App Controlled… Daily Deal: Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera Daily Deal: Glowbar Speaker Daily Deal: iKlips miReader 4K GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Report: Sources suggest Apple has succeeded in creating a screen-integrated Touch ID sensor By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● Friday, May 26, 2017 Apple has succeeded at integrating Touch ID technology into the display of the next-generation iPhone, according to a new report unearthed by MacRumors. The original report comes from Chinese-language site Economic Daily News, which claims to have received the information from sources at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), one of Apple’s key suppliers. TSMC sources apparently confirmed Apple’s achievement during a technology convention earlier this week in Taipei. At the symposium, TSMC reportedly discussed the lack of a home button on the redesigned OLED iPhone, attributing it to Apple’s implementation of “an optical fingerprint sensor to enable authentication directly on the screen.” While rumours have appeared over the past couple of years that Apple has been working on a method for embedding the Touch ID sensor behind the screen, it’s only in the past few months that the company has appeared to be getting closer to the reality of doing so. Despite this, however, some analysts have recently suggested that Apple is encountering problems with the technology that could hold up the release of the “iPhone 8.” Other reports have suggested Apple is testing two different prototypes, one of which could have a rear Touch ID sensor. Comments « Apple developing dedicated AI chip Daily Deal: iKlips miReader 4K » Related Stories Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris Accord Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments Plex adds Live TV support Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air TV DVR lineup Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ to debut August 8 Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads, new Magic Keyboard for possible release at WWDC Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event Android pioneer Andy Rubin announces ‘Essential Home’ Smart Home Hub Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Recent Reviews AudioQuest DragonFly Black USB DAC and Headphone Amp BlueLounge Quick Peek Smart Organizing Label System Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature & Humidity Monitor 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root gizmodo Battle of the TV Boxes: Android vs Apple vs Amazon vs Roku David Nield5/26/17 10:37am Filed to: media streaming set-top boxes Apple TV Android TV Amazon Fire TV Roku 298 5 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Images: Gizmodo If you’re in the market for a dinky little black box to slide under your living room TV set and pipe through some quality content, you’re in luck: there’s lots of them to pick from. All the major names now have established boxes on the market. While Gizmodo is a big fan of the Roku box and everything it can do, it’s not the only media box in town, and it might not even be the perfect box for you. So instead we compared the four major operating systems running in those boxes to help you sort out exactly which platform will best meet your needs. tvOS Image: Gizmodo What works: Classy interface Great integration of apps with first party content What doesn’t: Advertisement Too Apple-centric Apps remain hit and miss Whether you’re an Apple loyalist or not, you can’t deny the company makes some stylish-looking software, and tvOS is no exception. In terms of flow, ease of use, and intuitiveness, this is hands-down the best interface out of the ones we tested, it’s also the only choice if you’re full invested in the iTunes ecosystem, as media purchased there can’t be played on non-Apple devices. Part of tvOS’s success as an interface is due to the Touch Remote that comes with any tvOS device. Swiping and tapping and gesturing on it feels just right. The little touches Apple has added—the animations as you move around, the movie-quality screensavers—all help as well. It’s the kind of interface you just want to sit and play with. It helps that there’s stuff to do. While Apple was slow to embrace apps on the set top box, it’s taken no time to build a strong bench of apps you’re familiar with. Though tvOS is still missing some big names, including Spotify. We should also knock it down for being so Apple-focused—getting content up from a Windows or Android device is possible, but not particularly easy. Image: Screenshot Most of the big video names are present: Netflix, Hulu, YouTube, Vimeo, and HBO Go. Amazon Video is a big miss, but is reportedly on the way later this year. Getting at your Apple movies, TV shows, photos and music is simple too. Gaming support is...not great. We’re a long way from the stage where cool new iOS games automatically appear on the Apple TV at the same time that the launch for the iPhone or iPad. The critically acclaimed puzzlers Lara Croft Go and Hitman Go are available, for example, but they’re the rare top notch titles available. Advertisement Sponsored The tvOS also has the rare useful voice assistant—provided you’re looking for something to watch in the iTunes Store. While it will only currently search for media in the iTunes store the voice assistant, Siri, also allows you to fast forward through a video, or rewind and switch on the captions if you missed a line of dialog. Image: Gizmodo All the box OSes we’re reviewing here, except for the Roku, favor their own video and music platforms over those offered by their rivals, and for many users that makes it obvious which one to buy. If all your music was purchased on the Play Store than think about an Android TV, and if it is all from iTunes than you’ll probably prefer an Apple one. Advertisement It’s one major downside is the lack of 4K, HDR, and UHD support. Most new TVs are 4K and enjoy the higher quality picture HDR and UHD afford, so Apple’s inability to give you the best version of Netflix’s latest show is a major mark in the negative column. Android TV Image: Gizmodo What works: Smart interface and voice control Seamless Chromecast support What doesn’t: Advertisement Voice input is limited Options wildly vary between devices Unlike tvOS, Android TV is found on a variety of television sets (including Sony) and boxes (including the Nvidia Shield). For this article we’ve been testing out the Nvidia Shield, showing Android TV in its best light, but the Shield has features (like 4K and HDR support) that might not be available in the Android TV device you’ll find yourself with. Advertisement The good news is the Android TV interface has gradually found its way to a usable and even vaguely attractive stage: It scrolls well, it’s intelligently laid out, and everything is easy to find. Voice search works well enough, though Android TV pushes you towards Google’s store just as the Apple TV does towards iTunes. All the major video apps are here now, including Amazon Video. Even Spotify has an official app! And there are a number of Android apps that work right out of the box, including web and file browsers. Image: Screenshot If you’re on the Nvidia Shield the game selection is nearly as good as a console like the PS4 or Xbox One. Nvidia allows streaming directly from the servers so you don’t have to worry about the specs of your local box. But broadly speaking the game options on Android TV seems roughly on par with Apple TV: there are some major names, like Crossy Road, but on the whole developers don’t seem to be rushing to make Android TV versions of their Android games (or indeed their Android apps in general). Advertisement The voice search functionality, or Google Assistant if you’ve got it, can do basic web queries as well as looking for sci-fi movies or comedy shows, but it’s not as useful as Siri for navigating around inside videos or any extra tricks like that recapping dialog one. Image: Screenshot Where a tvOS can act as an AirPlay receiver, Android TV turns your box or television set into a Chromecast, which means all that casting goodness is available without the hassle of an extra dongle and an extra power supply. Chromecasting works as well on Android TV as it does anywhere else, so you can get a ton of content from your phone up to the big screen without needing to necessarily install a TV app. Amazon Fire TV Image: Gizmodo What works: Advertisement Advertisement Alexa comes built-in Great for Prime members What doesn’t: Limited apps outside movies/TV No extra casting capabilities Like Android TV, the Amazon Fire TV platform is available on a variety of boxes, sticks and televisions, and which model you pick up is going to determine which features you get, like support for 4K streaming and downloading. The Fire TV has been around for a while now, in one form or another, and while the interface doesn’t quite match up to the slickness of tvOS or Android TV in our eyes, it does the job as well as it needs to. A recent revamp means it’s much more modern-looking than it used to be. Advertisement Tiles up and down and from left to right with pleasing style, and fades and overlays add to the aesthetic appeal, though as you would expect, Amazon’s own apps are put front and center. As we’ve said before, this is very much a box for Prime members. Image: Amazon Apps-wise, you get Amazon’s take on the Google Play App Store, and while Netflix, Amazon Video, Hulu, and some catch-up services are here, you can’t get at content from iTunes, Spotify or Google Play. There’s no proper YouTube app either, though you can install a wrapper for the TV-optimized version of the YouTube website. While Amazon probably wants you to use its boxes as makeshift gaming devices, a good selection of games isn’t on offer. You do get a few titles that are fine for filling a few minutes of spare time, but the big-name titles are few and far between, and here Amazon Fire TV is lagging behind its rivals from Google and Apple. Advertisement Advertisement Alexa is now on board these devices, which means you get voice search and everything else that Alexa entails: reading out events from your calendar, checking up on the weather (with a rather nice-looking widget), and pulling up information from the web. Image: Amazon You can also use the Alexa voice search through the remote to look for different types of content (with hits from Amazon services shown first), and to control playback while you’re watching movies and shows, Siri-style. Again though it’s going to be of most use if you already use Alexa elsewhere. If you’re a Prime subscriber and a heavy user of Amazon’s music and video services, then the Fire TV boxes or sticks are a decent (and inexpensive buy). For everyone else, it’s difficult to come up with a compelling reason why you would prefer this over something running Apple, Google, or Roku software. It’s lack of support for popular apps is a problem. Roku Image: Gizmodo What works: Advertisement The best selection of content Best value range of devices What doesn’t: Advertisement User interface looking dated Slow performance on some devices We’ve long loved the boxes and sticks that Roku has to offer, and the interface is now making its way to a variety of budget smart TVs as well. As with Android TV and Amazon Fire TV, some of the features you get will vary depending on which device you’re running your Roku experience through. Advertisement Those features make a difference: if you want 4K and HDR, we think the Roku Premiere+ or Roku Ultra are the best set-top boxes you can buy right now, but you don’t get those lovely extras if you’re sticking with a Roku stick. Adjust your expectations accordingly. Roku has always excelled at the number of services it supports, and new ones are still being added. Just about every service out there, except for Apple’s digital stores, have a Roku app to make use of, so whether you’re tuning in with Netflix, Hulu, Plex, Google Play Movies & TV or anything else, it’s a cord-cutters dream. Image: Gizmodo Outside of the entertainment apps, Roku doesn’t quite offer the same breadth of choice as the other platforms we’ve discussed above—the selection of games is pretty meagre, for example—but there are some nice surprises to be found, like the Firefox browser. Advertisement Roku doesn’t have a voice assistant to call its own, but you can search using your voice through the remote or the mobile apps, and we found it to be responsive and smart. Most importantly, it covers all the apps you’ve got installed, and the feed idea, which automatically populates with media you’ve followed or previously shown an interest in, is a masterstroke as well. Considering Roku devices are so capable and so well priced, there’s not much to talk about in terms of negatives, but the dated-looking UI is one of them. It feels staid and sluggish compared with the software Google, Apple, and Amazon are putting out right now, and the apps themselves don’t seem to get much developer love either. Image: Gizmodo A slightly old-fashioned interface isn’t the biggest dealbreaker, but it feels like Roku could use a visual refresh everywhere from its software to its chunky remote. Some extra tricks, like in-app voice control and the ability to quickly refine searches, would be welcome improvements too. Advertisement Advertisement Roku’s independence from Apple, Google, and Amazon remains its main advantage, and if you hop between devices and platforms then it makes sense to have a Roku as your media streaming box of choice (though of course getting anything from iTunes requires an Apple-branded box). On the downside, you don’t get any Airplaying or Chromecasting capabilities, and there’s not the broad developer support you find with tvOS or Android. If Roku wants to remain the go-to streaming device brand it’s become, there’s lots of hard work ahead. Master your streaming box 10 Tricks to Make Yourself a Roku Master Six Secrets to Master Your New Android TV 10 Tricks to Make Yourself an Apple TV Master David Nield david.nield@gizmodo.com @davidnield Contributor You may also like io9 Racist Star Trek Fans Decry Discovery's Diversity, Revealing They Know Nothing About Star Trek 5/24/17 5:15pm Gizmodo Julian Assange Rape Investigation Dropped by Swedish Prosecutors Over Technicality 5/19/17 6:30am Lifehacker What "Classified Information" Means, and What Happens If You Divulge It  5/18/17 4:00pm Recent from David Nield 20 17.7K Field Guide · David Nield Protect Yourself Against Ransomware With a Solid Backup System Thursday 12:45pm 10 35.6K Field Guide · David Nield Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing Tuesday 11:19am 5 54 45.3K Field Guide · David Nield How to Build a Smart Home Where Everything Might Actually Work 5/29/17 10:45am Share Tweet Need Help? Content Guide Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « TSMC Executive Says they're testing 7nm Chips for 12 Top Customers & will Ramp up Production in H2 2018 | Main | The May Cover of the 'The New Yorker' Magazine was designed on an iPad Pro by Artist Jorge Colombo » May 26, 2017 The Full Universal Secure Registry Lawsuit against Apple and Visa over the Apple Pay System is now Revealed   Universal Secure Registry (USR) has filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Apple. The founder, chairman and CEO of USR is recognized expert is the fields of information systems security and identity authentication, especially computer-based multifactor identity authentication. Before starting USR, Dr. Weiss founded and served for many years as the CTO and Chairman of the Board of Security Dynamics Technologies Inc., now RSA Security LLC, a part of Dell Technologies. Dr. Weiss invented the SecurID tokens and their underlying algorithm: technology that became a leading form of personal identity authentication for computer security and electronic commerce. Dr. Weiss' SecurID technology is being used by more than 150 million people, more than 90% of Fortune 500 companies, and corporations, consumers, governments, and banks in more than 30 countries. His technology has been used by all three branches of the United States government, including the Defense Department, the Treasury Department, the Senate, and the White House. The lawsuit claims that USR had meetings with Visa and sent a series of letters to Apple in the hopes of forming a partnership. USR claims that Apple and Visa then formed their own partnership leaving them out even though it was his original patented concept.   A sample image of the USR ID application running on an iPhone is shown below While Patently Apple covered the New York Times original story on this lawsuit last week in a report titled "Apple Sued by Universal Secure Registry for Patent Infringement regarding Apple Pay," the NYTimes report was only a simple general overview.   Now the full lawsuit has been published and available to view. Below is a broader overview of the lawsuit that covers four specific patents that they allege have been infringed upon by Apple and Visa: 8,577,813, 8,856,539, 9,100,826 and 9,530,137.   Acts Giving Rise to this Action   The patent infringement lawsuit filed by Universal Secure Registry LLC contains a segment titled "Acts Giving Rise to this Action" that provides us with an overview of the case against Apple Inc., Visa Inc., and Visa U.S.A. as follows:   "At the iPhone 6 launch event in September of 2014, Apple CEO Tim Cook explained: 'payments is a huge business. Every day between credit and debit we spend $12 billion. That's over $4 trillion a year and that's just in the United States. And this business is comprised of over 200 million transactions a day.' For decades, in a typical transaction, a customer would slide his or her card through a point-of-sale ("POS") device at a merchant checkout location, and the POS device would read information such as card number and expiration date from a magnetic strip on the back of the card. That information would pass through a card network, such as Visa or MasterCard networks, and ultimately to the issuing bank for transaction approval (or disapproval).   The traditional magnetic strip lacks adequate security and is highly susceptible to fraud. In an attempt to reduce fraud, a consortium of payment-card companies introduced the "EMV chip" into payment cards, which made them more difficult to copy. But cards with the EMV chip, too, are insecure. For example, an EMV chip does not prevent a nefarious actor from carrying out unauthorized transactions using a stolen card, or from intercepting and fraudulently using card information that is transmitted during an ordinary transaction.   Thus, the need existed for technology that would allow consumers to make payment-card transactions conveniently and with a high-degree of security. Recognizing very early on—long before Apple, Visa, and others in the payment industry—that mobile phones and other personal electronic devices provided an optimal platform to meet this need, Dr. Weiss developed and patented superior technology using such devices to provide a mobile, efficient, and highly secure system for making payment-card transactions. Dr. Weiss was the first in this space, and the secure payment technology that he developed is the core of Apple Pay.   Recognizing the enormous promise of his technology, Dr. Weiss and USR sought to partner with both and Apple and Visa to develop a commercial implementation. To that end, Dr. Weiss and USR disclosed their patented technology to Apple and Visa a number of years before the development and release of Apple Pay.   In 2010, USR sent Apple a series of letters describing USR's patented technology. On July 14, 2010, USR sent Apple a letter seeking to partner with Apple to jointly develop a payment-card solution that "is integrated with and centers around a software-modified payment phone."   In another letter sent to Apple on September 7, 2010, USR further elaborated that its patented technology, which employed smart mobile devices for secure financial transactions, "eliminates the need for account numbers or any sensitive or private information to be stored in or transmitted from a smart mobile device." That letter also explained that one of USR's allowed patent applications "employ[s] a biometric for identity authentication on a smart phone." On September 21, 2010, USR sent Apple another letter touting the potential benefit of incorporating USR's technology into the iPhone platform, and describing USR's growing patent portfolio.   Around the same time, USR pursued a partnership with Visa Inc. In mid-2010, Dr. Weiss and USR engaged in a series of confidential discussions with senior representatives of Visa, including then-Chairman and CEO, Joseph Saunders, and then-Global Head of Strategy and Corporate Development, Oliver Jenkyn. During these discussions, USR made detailed presentations of USR's patented technology under protection of a Non-Disclosure Agreement.   Neither Apple nor Visa ever partnered with USR. Instead, they partnered with each other and with other payment networks and banks to incorporate USR's patented technology into a service called Apple Pay, which works in conjunction with Apple products, like iPhones, iPads, Apple watches, and various Mac computers. Upon information and belief, Apple and Visa began working together on Apple Pay at least as early as January 2013, and Visa dedicated approximately 1,000 people towards the development project with Apple.   On September 9, 2014, Apple publicly launched Apple Pay in its keynote address introducing the iPhone 6. In this address, Apple touted the same benefits that USR had introduced to Apple and Visa in 2010. For instance, just as USR disclosed to Apple and Visa that its patented technology eliminated the need to store or transmit payment-card account numbers, Apple bragged to its users that with Apple Pay, "the credit card isn't stored on the device." Since then, Apple Pay's growth has been explosive.   Defendant Visa operates the world's largest payment processing network called VisaNet. Upon information and belief, VisaNet is capable of handling more than 24,000 transaction messages per second and processes more than 150 million transactions every day. Upon information and belief, Visa teamed with Apple to develop and incorporate the Apple Pay service into Apple's iOS devices, enabling users to employ their Visa cards as a part of Apple Pay transactions processed using the Visa Token Service, a digital and mobile payment service developed in conjunction with Apple Pay. On information and belief, since Apple Pay launched in 2014, Visa has supported and processed all Apple Pay transactions made with Visa cards.   Many Delaware-based banks issue US-branded payment cards. Upon information and belief, Apple Pay supports these payment cards and most partner-branded Visa payment cards. Not only do these third-party banks issue payment cards that support Apple Pay, they also authorize and facilitate financial transactions made using Apple Pay. Upon information and belief, these same Delaware-based banks have agreements with Defendants regarding the processing and support of financial transactions made through Apple Pay.   Upon information and belief, at least the following Apple devices support Apple Pay and infringe one or more claims of the Asserted Patents literally and/or under the doctrine of equivalents: Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE, iPhone 5, 5s and 5c (paired with Apple Watch), iPad (5th generation), iPad Pro (12.9-inch), iPad pro (9.7-inch), iPad Air 2, iPad mini 4, iPad mini 3, Apple Watch Series 2, Apple Watch Series 1, Apple Watch (1st generation), MacBook Pro with Touch ID, and all Mac models introduced in 2012 or later (with an Apple Pay-enabled iPhone or Apple Watch) (collectively, "Accused Apple Devices"). See "Apple Pay is compatible with these devices," available at https://support.apple.com/en-us/KM207105. Each of the Accused Apple Devices alone, or in combination with one or more other Apple devices, and the Visa payment processing network, the Visa Token Service, and associated Apple and Visa backend servers and systems supporting Apple Pay transactions (collectively, the "Accused Products"), practices USR's patented technology described and claimed in the Asserted Patents.   In short, Defendants have made extensive use of USR's patented technologies, including the technology described and claimed in the Asserted Patents. USR has no choice but to defend its proprietary and patented technology. USR thus requests that this Court award it damages sufficient to compensate for Defendants' infringement of the Asserted Patents, find this case exceptional and award USR its attorneys' fees and costs, and grant an injunction against Defendants to prevent ongoing infringement of the Asserted Patents.   Below Patently Apple provides you with a Scribd document covering the full patent infringement lawsuit filed with the court so that legal professionals and geeks can get sink their teeth into the details of each count in the case.   Patent Infringement Lawsuit - USR v. APPLE and VISA - May 2017 by Jack Purcher on Scribd   The patent infringement case presented in today's report was filed in the Delaware District Court, Wilmington Office. The Referring Judge in this case is noted as being Judge Mary Pat Thynge.   Side Note: One of the main points of this lawsuit was USR having met with Visa executives but only sending Apple a series of letters about their idea. Apple's Legal site makes it clear about idea submissions:   "Apple or any of its employees do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new advertising campaigns, new promotions, new or improved products or technologies, product enhancements, processes, materials, marketing plans or new product names. Please do not submit any unsolicited ideas, original creative artwork, suggestions or other works (“submissions”) in any form to Apple or any of its employees. The sole purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes when Apple’s products or marketing strategies might seem similar to ideas submitted to Apple. If, despite our request that you not send us your ideas, you still submit them, then regardless of what your letter says, the following terms shall apply to your submissions."   Terms of Idea Submissions   Apple's site further notes that "You agree that: (1) your submissions and their contents will automatically become the property of Apple, without any compensation to you; (2) Apple may use or redistribute the submissions and their contents for any purpose and in any way; (3) there is no obligation for Apple to review the submission; and (4) there is no obligation to keep any submissions confidential."   For more on this, see Apple's Legal web page titled "Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy."   Notice: Patently Apple presents only a brief summary of certain legal cases/ lawsuits which are part of the public record for journalistic news purposes. Readers are cautioned that Patently Apple does not offer an opinion on the merit of the case and strictly presents the allegations made in said legal cases / lawsuits. A lawyer should be consulted for any further details or analysis. About Making Comments on this Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 26, 2017 at 09:05 AM in 3. Patently Legal | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
The Car Connection New Cars Used Cars Classifieds Research Videos News Research New Cars By Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Can't Decide? Find By Price, Type, New Cars » Used Cars For Sale Near You Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Coda Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Geo GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai INFINITI Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Shop By Type Convertible Coupe Diesel Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Pickup Truck Sedan Sports Car SUV Vans Wagon Browse Used Cars For Sale » Used Cars for Sale Near You Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boston Charlottesville Chicago Cleveland Colorado Springs Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit El Paso Fort Worth Fresno Houston Indianapolis Jacksonville Kansas City Las Vegas Long Beach Los Angeles Louisville Memphis Mesa Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Nashville New York Oakland Oklahoma City Omaha Philadelphia Phoenix Portland Raleigh Sacramento San Antonio San Diego San Francisco San Jose Seattle Tucson Tulsa Virginia Beach Washington Shop By Type Convertible Coupe Crossover Diesel Hatchback Hybrid Pickup Truck Sedan Sports Car SUV Vans Wagon More Ways to Shop » Advice Buying Guides Maintenance Guides Finance Guides The Basics Best Car to Buy 2017 » Driver's Choice 2017 » More Tips & Advice » Car Reviews » Rankings Convertible Coupe Crossover Electric Cars Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Cars Van/Minivan Pickup Truck SUV Sedan Wagon More Rankings » HomeNewssurveys Study: People don't trust self-driving cars from Uber or Lyft Richard Read Reporter Email This Page Your Name Your Email To (separate emails with commas) Message (optional) Send Your email was sent successfully. Close May 25, 2017 Last September, we reported on a study showing that consumers would be interested in vehicles made by tech firms like Apple and Google. The gist was that decades-old car companies like Ford, General Motors, and Toyota could soon face stiff competition from auto industry newbies. Now, there's another study to discuss, and if its findings are accurate, legacy manufacturers could sleep slightly easier. It shows that, while shoppers may be excited about cars from Google and Apple, they have doubts about self-driving vehicles made by ride-sharing companies like Uber and Lyft. Methods and findings The study in question was the Connected & Autonomous Vehicle Consumer Survey, and it was conducted by INRIX, one of the world's largest transportation research firms. The company polled 5,054 drivers in the U.S., the U.K., Germany, France, and Italy to gauge their feelings about connected and self-driving cars. Here are some of the study's biggest takeaways: Safety When Americans were asked whether autonomous vehicles would be as safe or safer than conventional cars, a whopping 71 percent said yes. The notable exception? Baby Boomers, 73 percent of whom said no, self-driving cars won't be any safer.  In Europe, the responses were similar. In fact, in Italy, some 85 percent of respondents said that autonomous vehicles will be at least as safe as today's cars, if not safer. The U.K. was something of an outlier, with nearly 40 percent of respondents there saying that self-driving cars will be less safe.  Manufacturers When asked which sorts of companies they trust most to build autonomous vehicles, 27 percent of Americans said they preferred tech giants like Apple and Google. Traditional automakers trailed slightly at 23 percent. Just four percent of respondents put their faith in ridesharing firms like Uber. Europeans had a different response: on average, nearly three times as many said they'd trust traditional automakers over tech firms when it came to self-driving cars. The one thing that was consistent, though, was a general lack of trust in ride-sharing companies, which hovered around four percent.  Privacy That same U.S./European split was reflected in respondents feelings about privacy concerns. In the U.S., consumers were 1.4 times more likely to trust tech giants with their data than legacy automakers. Europeans, on the other hand, tended to trust car companies with their data--though it's worth noting that 34 percent said that they didn't trust anyone on that front. More important than nationality, however, was age: younger consumers (i.e. Gen Xers and Millennials) in all countries were more likely to put their faith in tech firms. Those of Boomer age and older preferred to trust car companies. Autonomous features When it came to autonomous features (as opposed to fully autonomous vehicles), respondents were generally more excited. On both sides of the Atlantic, 80 percent or more of those polled were either interested in or already using technology like rear and front collision alerts, blind-spot warnings, automatic braking, blind-spot warnings, and road condition alerts.  More than 70 percent of respondents said that they'd be interested in paying for or having as standard equipment a wide range of features dedicated to safety (e.g. automatic braking), driver assistance (e.g. concierge services), navigation, vehicle management, and driver well-being (e.g drowsiness alerts). Fewer said that they'd be willing to shell out for infotainment services (e.g. Apple CarPlay or Android Auto) Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next > Tags: Autonomous cars Lyft self-driving cars Study surveys Uber Waymo News 2017 The Car Connection See the winners » 2017 The Car Connection See The Winner and Nominees » Recommended Galleries 2017 Mazda CX-5 Grand Touring first drive 2016-2017 Toyota Tacoma recalled for potential stalling: 32,000 U.S. pickups affected 2017 Chrysler Pacifica Limited long-term test: Irish-twin mpg showdown Front-line four: Driving the 2018 Volkswagen Tiguan's next 4-cylinder engine People who read this also read Report: 288,000 U.S. jobs could be affected if EPA... Most capable full-size SUV for towing? The 2018 Ford... 2018 Ford Expedition, 2017 Aston Martin DB11, US sues FCA... 2018 GMC Yukon Denali updated with new look, 10-speed...   Contribute Send us a tip Comment Contact the editor Follow Us   Ratings and Reviews Rate and review your car for The Car Connection Review your car Related Articles Auto industry nightmare: consumers are giving up cars for good Study: Younger drivers don't want electric cars Everyone is awful: new study shows that 88 percent of us use our phones while driving J.D. Power: Consumers wary of self-driving cars but totally okay with semi-autonomous technology The Car Connection Daily Headlines Stay up-to-date with the latest news in the car world delivered daily. Get the Newsletter I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Thank you! Please check your email for confirmation. Get the Web's best daily automotive newsletter! We'll email you the latest automotive news every day. Subscribe Ready to buy? Find new and used cars for sale near you Used New Select Make Acura Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Pontiac Porsche Ram Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Bentley Coda Daewoo Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Genesis Geo Isuzu Lamborghini Lotus Maserati Maybach McLaren Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Rolls-Royce Saab smart Tesla - Select a Model - Enter Your Zip Code Go! Used Sedans Used SUVs Used Pickup Trucks Used Vans Used Crossovers Used Toyota Corolla For Sale Used BMW 3-Series For Sale Used Ford Focus For Sale Used Honda Civic For Sale Used Suzuki Kizashi For Sale Used Mazda MAZDA3 For Sale Used Honda Accord Sedan For Sale Used Dodge Charger For Sale Used Hyundai Elantra For Sale Used Kia Rio For Sale Used Toyota Camry For Sale Used Hyundai Accent For Sale Used Mercedes-Benz C Class For Sale Used Chevrolet Cruze For Sale Used Chrysler 200 For Sale Used Dodge Challenger For Sale Used Toyota RAV4 For Sale Used Honda CR-V For Sale Used Toyota Highlander For Sale Used Subaru Forester For Sale Used Toyota Venza For Sale Used Lexus RX 350 For Sale Used Ford Escape For Sale Used Kia Sportage For Sale Used Toyota Land Cruiser For Sale Used Hyundai Tucson For Sale Used Dodge Journey For Sale Used Hyundai Santa Fe For Sale Used INFINITI QX56 For Sale Used Nissan Rogue For Sale Used Acura RDX For Sale Used Honda Crosstour For Sale Used Ford F-150 For Sale Used GMC Sierra 1500 For Sale Used Chevrolet Avalanche For Sale Used Chevrolet Silverado 1500 For Sale Used Ram 1500 For Sale Used Chevrolet Colorado For Sale Used Lincoln Mark LT For Sale Used Toyota FJ Cruiser For Sale Used Honda Ridgeline For Sale Used Toyota Tacoma For Sale Used Toyota Tundra For Sale Used Nissan Titan For Sale Used Toyota 4Runner For Sale Used GMC Canyon For Sale Used Suzuki Equator For Sale Used Dodge Dakota For Sale Used Toyota RAV4 For Sale Used Subaru Forester For Sale Used Honda CR-V For Sale Used Chevrolet Suburban For Sale Used Toyota Sienna For Sale Used Chrysler Town & Country For Sale Used Honda Odyssey For Sale Used Toyota Land Cruiser For Sale Used Nissan Pathfinder For Sale Used Dodge Grand Caravan For Sale Used Jeep Grand Cherokee For Sale Used Kia Sportage For Sale Used Jeep Wrangler For Sale Used Land Rover Range Rover For Sale Used Kia Sedona For Sale Used Ford Explorer For Sale Used Toyota RAV4 For Sale Used Honda CR-V For Sale Used Toyota Highlander For Sale Used Subaru Forester For Sale Used Lexus RX 350 For Sale Used Ford Escape For Sale Used Kia Sportage For Sale Used Toyota Venza For Sale Used Hyundai Tucson For Sale Used Dodge Journey For Sale Used Hyundai Santa Fe For Sale Used Toyota Yaris For Sale Used Nissan Rogue For Sale Used Acura RDX For Sale Used Mazda CX-5 For Sale Used Honda Pilot For Sale   Follow Us New Cars Compare cars Cars For Sale Trucks For Sale Used Cars Cheap Cars News Advice About Us Blog Videos RSS Feed How We rate cars Buy Auto Leads Contact Us Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer Reprints Latest Reviews 2017 Kia Optima 2017 Ford Escape 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Edge 2017 Chrysler 200 Featured Reviews 2017 BMW 6-Series 2017 BMW M3 2017 BMW M2 2017 BMW X4 2017 BMW i3 2017 BMW M4 2017 BMW i8 2017 BMW X5 © 2017 The Car Connection. All Rights Reserved. The Car Connection is published by Internet Brands Automotive Group. Stock photography by izmostock. Read our Cookie Policy.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close Provided Walter Williams contributed editor's pick urgent WALTER WILLIAMS: Liberty, school choice lead to wins for all Walter Williams May 26, 2017 Updated Jun 2, 2017 Walter Williams Provided Millions of people love Apple computers and wouldn't be caught using a PC. By contrast, there are many millions of PC users who feel the same way about Apple computers. Many men like double-breasted suits, but I wouldn't be caught dead in one. Some people swear by Cadillac cars, but my favorite is Mercedes-Benz. Despite these strongly held preferences, there's no conflict. We never see Apple computer lovers picketing firms that serve PC lovers. Mercedes-Benz lovers don't battle Cadillac lovers. In free markets, people with strong differences in preferences get along and often are good friends. The reason is simple. If you like double-breasted suits, and I like single-breasted suits, we get what we want. Contrast the harmony that emerges when there's market allocation with the discord when there's government allocation. For example, some parents want their children to say a morning prayer in school. Other parents are offended by that idea. Both parents have a right to their tastes, but these parental differences have given rise to conflict. Why is there conflict? The answer is simple. Schools are run by government. Thus, there are going to be either prayers in school or no prayers in school. That means parents who want their children to say prayers in school will have to enter into conflict with parents who do not want prayers in school. The stakes are high. If one parent wins, it comes at the expense of another parent. The losing parents have their preferences ignored. The liberty-oriented solution to the school prayer issue is simple. We should acknowledge the fact that though there is public financing of primary and secondary education, it doesn't follow that there should be public production of education. Just as there is public financing of M1 Abrams main battle tanks and F/A-18 fighter jets, it in no way follows that there should be government production of those weapons. They are produced privately. There's no government tank and fighter jet factory. The same principle should apply to education. If state and local authorities annually spend $15,000 per student, they could simply give each parent a voucher of that amount that could only be used for education. That way, the parent would be free to choose. If you wanted to send your children to a school that does not have morning prayers, you would be free to do so. Free market allocation is conflict-reducing, whereas government allocation enhances the potential for conflict. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. But I'm all too afraid that most Americans want to be able to impose their preferences on others. Their vision doesn't differ from one that says, "I don't want my children to say morning prayers, and I'm going to force you to live by my preferences." Think of the conflict that would arise if government decreed factories will produce either double-breasted, or single-breasted suits or that there will be either Cadillacs or Mercedes-Benzes built, or that there will be either Apple computers or PCs built. Can you imagine how otherwise-peaceable people would be forced into conflict with one another? Government allocation is mostly a zero-sum game, in which one person's win necessarily means another person's loss. The great ignored and overlooked feature of market allocation is that it is what game theorists call a positive-sum game. In positive-sum games, you get what you want, say an Apple computer, and I get what I want — a PC, in this case. My win does not come at your expense. Just as importantly, we can be friends. Walter Williams is a professor of economics at George Mason University. His column is distributed by Creators Syndicate. The opinions are the writer's. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Walter Williams Provided WALTER WILLIAMS: Campus tyrants quell free speech Parents, taxpayers and donors have little idea of the levels of lunacy, evil and lawlessness… WALTER WILLIAMS: Leftists continue celebrating communism May Day celebrations were held all across the fruited plain, with leftist radicals and union… WALTER WILLIAMS: Trade surplus doesn't mean U.S. prosperity When we discuss international trade and balance of payments, there are two types of accounts… WALTER WILLIAMS: Government is biggest risk to prosperity In 1798, Thomas Malthus wrote "An Essay on the Principle of Population." He predicted mankind's birth rate would outstrip our ability to grow … Tags Walter Williams School Choice School Vouchers Liberty Free Market Thank you! You've reported this item as a violation of our terms of use. Error! There was a problem with reporting this article. This content was contributed by a user of the site. If you believe this content may be in violation of the terms of use, you may report it. Report Abuse Log In to report Currents Health and Medicine States ranked by rates of prostate cancer Travel Going solo: 6 places to travel alone 219 The most famous Hollywood couples of all time Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Russia becomes a reliable pipeline for ready-made NHL talent Liam Gallagher wants Oasis reunion Patty Jenkins' heart sank when Gal Gadot was cast in Wonder Woman Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses ECO CHIC BOUTIQUE GALLERIA BLDG 425 US RTE 30 SUITE 211, DYER, IN 46311 Whiting Robertsdale Chamber Of Commerce 1417 119th St, Whiting, IN 46394 Judd & Son Chimney Service, Inc. Serving Schererville and surrounding areas, Schererville, IN 46375 Ads Dr Vipul Patel 17901 Governors Hwy Suite 205, Homewood, IL 60430 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Duneland Painting Company Duneland Painting Uses The Finest Quality Paints! Call today for a free estimate! 219-201-5715 Updated Jun 2, 2017 Lawn Doctor of West Lake County You Can Have the Best Lawn On the Block. Call Lawn Doctor of West Lake County Today for a FREE On Site Evaluation Today 219-440-7098 Updated Jun 2, 2017 Dream Big Gymnastics Why Gymnastics? Visit our Website to Find Out Why. CLICK HERE or Call Dream Big Gymnastics Today! (708) 650-0916 Updated Jun 2, 2017 Good Guys Collision Lifetime warranty on repair offered by Good Guys Collision Center Updated Jun 2, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple WWDC Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple WWDC Battle of the TV Boxes: Android vs Apple vs Amazon vs Roku David Nield | Gawker MediaMay 26, 2017, 08.07 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit rokuImage Credit Continue reading Images: Gizmodo If you're in the market for a dinky little black box to slide under your living room TV set and pipe through some quality content, you're in luck: there's lots of them to pick from. All the major names now have established boxes on the market. While Gizmodo is a big fan of the Roku box and everything it can do, it's not the only media box in town, and it might not even be the perfect box for you. So instead we compared the four major operating systems running in those boxes to help you sort out exactly which platform will best meet your needs. tvOS Image: Gizmodo What works: Classy interface Great integration of apps with first party content What doesn't: Advertisement Too Apple-centric Apps remain hit and miss Whether you're an Apple loyalist or not, you can't deny the company makes some stylish-looking software, and tvOS is no exception. In terms of flow, ease of use, and intuitiveness, this is hands-down the best interface out of the ones we tested, it's also the only choice if you're full invested in the iTunes ecosystem, as media purchased there can't be played on non-Apple devices. Part of tvOS's success as an interface is due to the Touch Remote that comes with any tvOS device. Swiping and tapping and gesturing on it feels just right. The little touches Apple has added-the animations as you move around, the movie-quality screensavers-all help as well. It's the kind of interface you just want to sit and play with. Sponsored It helps that there's stuff to do. While Apple was slow to embrace apps on the set top box, it's taken no time to build a strong bench of apps you're familiar with. Though tvOS is still missing some big names, including Spotify. We should also knock it down for being so Apple-focused-getting content up from a Windows or Android device is possible, but not particularly easy. Image: Screenshot Most of the big video names are present: Netflix, Hulu, YouTube, Vimeo, and HBO Go. Amazon Video is a big miss, but is reportedly on the way later this year. Getting at your Apple movies, TV shows, photos and music is simple too. Advertisement Gaming support is...not great. We're a long way from the stage where cool new iOS games automatically appear on the Apple TV at the same time that the launch for the iPhone or iPad. The critically acclaimed puzzlers Lara Croft Go and Hitman Go are available, for example, but they're the rare top notch titles available. The tvOS also has the rare useful voice assistant-provided you're looking for something to watch in the iTunes Store. While it will only currently search for media in the iTunes store the voice assistant, Siri, also allows you to fast forward through a video, or rewind and switch on the captions if you missed a line of dialog. Image: Gizmodo All the box OSes we're reviewing here, except for the Roku, favor their own video and music platforms over those offered by their rivals, and for many users that makes it obvious which one to buy. If all your music was purchased on the Play Store than think about an Android TV, and if it is all from iTunes than you'll probably prefer an Apple one. Advertisement Advertisement It's one major downside is the lack of 4K, HDR, and UHD support. Most new TVs are 4K and enjoy the higher quality picture HDR and UHD afford, so Apple's inability to give you the best version of Netflix's latest show is a major mark in the negative column. Android TV Image: Gizmodo What works: Smart interface and voice control Seamless Chromecast support What doesn't: Advertisement Voice input is limited Options wildly vary between devices Unlike tvOS, Android TV is found on a variety of television sets (including Sony) and boxes (including the Nvidia Shield). For this article we've been testing out the Nvidia Shield, showing Android TV in its best light, but the Shield has features (like 4K and HDR support) that might not be available in the Android TV device you'll find yourself with. The good news is the Android TV interface has gradually found its way to a usable and even vaguely attractive stage: It scrolls well, it's intelligently laid out, and everything is easy to find. Voice search works well enough, though Android TV pushes you towards Google's store just as the Apple TV does towards iTunes. Advertisement Advertisement All the major video apps are here now, including Amazon Video. Even Spotify has an official app! And there are a number of Android apps that work right out of the box, including web and file browsers. Image: Screenshot If you're on the Nvidia Shield the game selection is nearly as good as a console like the PS4 or Xbox One. Nvidia allows streaming directly from the servers so you don't have to worry about the specs of your local box. But broadly speaking the game options on Android TV seems roughly on par with Apple TV: there are some major names, like Crossy Road, but on the whole developers don't seem to be rushing to make Android TV versions of their Android games (or indeed their Android apps in general). The voice search functionality, or Google Assistant if you've got it, can do basic web queries as well as looking for sci-fi movies or comedy shows, but it's not as useful as Siri for navigating around inside videos or any extra tricks like that recapping dialog one. Image: Screenshot Where a tvOS can act as an AirPlay receiver, Android TV turns your box or television set into a Chromecast, which means all that casting goodness is available without the hassle of an extra dongle and an extra power supply. Chromecasting works as well on Android TV as it does anywhere else, so you can get a ton of content from your phone up to the big screen without needing to necessarily install a TV app. Amazon Fire TV Image: Gizmodo What works: Advertisement Alexa comes built-in Great for Prime members What doesn't: Advertisement Limited apps outside movies/TV No extra casting capabilities Like Android TV, the Amazon Fire TV platform is available on a variety of boxes, sticks and televisions, and which model you pick up is going to determine which features you get, like support for 4K streaming and downloading. The Fire TV has been around for a while now, in one form or another, and while the interface doesn't quite match up to the slickness of tvOS or Android TV in our eyes, it does the job as well as it needs to. A recent revamp means it's much more modern-looking than it used to be. Advertisement Tiles up and down and from left to right with pleasing style, and fades and overlays add to the aesthetic appeal, though as you would expect, Amazon's own apps are put front and center. As we've said before, this is very much a box for Prime members. Image: Amazon Apps-wise, you get Amazon's take on the Google Play App Store, and while Netflix, Amazon Video, Hulu, and some catch-up services are here, you can't get at content from iTunes, Spotify or Google Play. There's no proper YouTube app either, though you can install a wrapper for the TV-optimized version of the YouTube website. While Amazon probably wants you to use its boxes as makeshift gaming devices, a good selection of games isn't on offer. You do get a few titles that are fine for filling a few minutes of spare time, but the big-name titles are few and far between, and here Amazon Fire TV is lagging behind its rivals from Google and Apple. Advertisement Alexa is now on board these devices, which means you get voice search and everything else that Alexa entails: reading out events from your calendar, checking up on the weather (with a rather nice-looking widget), and pulling up information from the web. Image: Amazon You can also use the Alexa voice search through the remote to look for different types of content (with hits from Amazon services shown first), and to control playback while you're watching movies and shows, Siri-style. Again though it's going to be of most use if you already use Alexa elsewhere. Advertisement If you're a Prime subscriber and a heavy user of Amazon's music and video services, then the Fire TV boxes or sticks are a decent (and inexpensive buy). For everyone else, it's difficult to come up with a compelling reason why you would prefer this over something running Apple, Google, or Roku software. It's lack of support for popular apps is a problem. Roku Image: Gizmodo What works: Advertisement The best selection of content Best value range of devices What doesn't: User interface looking dated Slow performance on some devices We've long loved the boxes and sticks that Roku has to offer, and the interface is now making its way to a variety of budget smart TVs as well. As with Android TV and Amazon Fire TV, some of the features you get will vary depending on which device you're running your Roku experience through. Advertisement Those features make a difference: if you want 4K and HDR, we think the Roku Premiere+ or Roku Ultra are the best set-top boxes you can buy right now, but you don't get those lovely extras if you're sticking with a Roku stick. Adjust your expectations accordingly. Roku has always excelled at the number of services it supports, and new ones are still being added. Just about every service out there, except for Apple's digital stores, have a Roku app to make use of, so whether you're tuning in with Netflix, Hulu, Plex, Google Play Movies & TV or anything else, it's a cord-cutters dream. Image: Gizmodo Outside of the entertainment apps, Roku doesn't quite offer the same breadth of choice as the other platforms we've discussed above-the selection of games is pretty meagre, for example-but there are some nice surprises to be found, like the Firefox browser. Advertisement Advertisement Roku doesn't have a voice assistant to call its own, but you can search using your voice through the remote or the mobile apps, and we found it to be responsive and smart. Most importantly, it covers all the apps you've got installed, and the feed idea, which automatically populates with media you've followed or previously shown an interest in, is a masterstroke as well. Considering Roku devices are so capable and so well priced, there's not much to talk about in terms of negatives, but the dated-looking UI is one of them. It feels staid and sluggish compared with the software Google, Apple, and Amazon are putting out right now, and the apps themselves don't seem to get much developer love either. Image: Gizmodo A slightly old-fashioned interface isn't the biggest dealbreaker, but it feels like Roku could use a visual refresh everywhere from its software to its chunky remote. Some extra tricks, like in-app voice control and the ability to quickly refine searches, would be welcome improvements too. Advertisement Roku's independence from Apple, Google, and Amazon remains its main advantage, and if you hop between devices and platforms then it makes sense to have a Roku as your media streaming box of choice (though of course getting anything from iTunes requires an Apple-branded box). On the downside, you don't get any Airplaying or Chromecasting capabilities, and there's not the broad developer support you find with tvOS or Android. If Roku wants to remain the go-to streaming device brand it's become, there's lots of hard work ahead. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: RokuSet top boxesMedia StreamingHow toApple TVAndroid TVamazon fire tv Next StoryKey Crazy: Inside the Wonderful World of Keyboard Fanatics Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us More from this author A Solid Backup System Is the Best Protection Against Ransomware Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing How to Build a Smart Home Where Everything Might Actually Work Related stories Nexus Player Review: Android TV Isn't Ready For Primetime Android TV May Support Live TV Someday Amazon Fire TV Stick Review: A Lot Less Money for a Little Less Speed Six Secrets to Master Your New Android TV Sony to bring Android TVs in early 2015: Rumor Toshiba introduces Android TVs to India starting from Rs 39,000 Apple WWDC Apple’s WWDC 2017 begins on June in San Jose, here’s what we can expect ... Apple Handpicks Its 12 Favorite Apps at WWDC ... iOS 10's Coolest New Features in Gifs ... A Guide to Apple's Radically Reimagined Messages App ... More Editor's Pick Apple has quarter of a trillion dollars in cash. Here are 5 things it can do with that mu ... A Google engineer recreated a DSLR photo using a Nexus 6P with absolute perfection ... Hello, Hello, this is Xiaomi’s best phone for 2017 and it’s a baller ... Hot Right Now North Korea's Latest Tablet Computer Has a Catchy Name: iPad Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Gadgets Now Shop LYF Water 10 4G VoLTE- 16GB (Black) ₹ 6070BUY3GB RAM, 4G VoLTE Apple iPhone 6 - 32GB (Space Grey) ₹ 27500BUYiOS 10, 8MP Cam, 4G Lenovo A7700 - 2GB RAM (Black) ₹ 7778BUY2GB RAM, 8MP+2MP Cam Key Crazy: Inside the Wonderful World of Keyboard Fanatics Surface Laptop First Impressions: Microsoft Is Finally Making the Computer It Should Have Made All Along $100 Million Lawsuit Claims Fyre Festival Owners Knew It Was Doomed All Along Swelling Batteries Prompt Extension On Apple Watch Warranty Coachella Bandit Nabbed by 'Find My Phone' Feature After Allegedly Stealing 100 Smartphones Australia Sues Apple For Bricking iPhones Repaired by Third Parties You Can Get a Red iPhone Now Here's What's Actually Going on Inside Your Nintendo Switch You Can Now Put Windows 98 on Your Wrist, Thank God 1Battle of the TV Boxes: Android vs Apple vs Amazon vs Roku 2Key Crazy: Inside the Wonderful World of Keyboard Fanatics 3Surface Laptop First Impressions: Microsoft Is Finally Making the Computer It Should Have Made All Along 4$100 Million Lawsuit Claims Fyre Festival Owners Knew It Was Doomed All Along 5Swelling Batteries Prompt Extension On Apple Watch Warranty 6Coachella Bandit Nabbed by 'Find My Phone' Feature After Allegedly Stealing 100 Smartphones 7Australia Sues Apple For Bricking iPhones Repaired by Third Parties 8You Can Get a Red iPhone Now 9Here's What's Actually Going on Inside Your Nintendo Switch 10You Can Now Put Windows 98 on Your Wrist, Thank God About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS More from our Partners Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gap Inc (GPS) Upgraded by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. to “Buy” NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Given a $32.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Wal-Mart Stores’ (WMT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.35 Billion Verastem Inc (VSTM) Given a $6.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Canadian National Railway (CNI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.94 Per Share $0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CarMax, Inc (KMX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.52 Billion Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.03 Billion Cerner Co. (CERN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Analysts Expect Cerner Co. (CERN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.30 Billion Brokerages Set Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) PT at $26.89 Euronav NV (EURN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Norbord Inc. (OSB) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Norbord Inc (OSB) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Brokerages Set Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Target Price at $48.50 Cineplex Inc (CGX) Receives C$57.75 Average Price Target from Brokerages Anglo American plc (NGLOY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Viavi Solutions (VIAV) vs. QUALCOMM (QCOM) Financial Review L.B. Foster (FSTR) versus FreightCar America (RAIL) Head to Head Analysis Apple (AAPL) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows May 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) have been trending somewhat positive recently, Alpha One Sentiment Analysis reports. The research firm, a service of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by monitoring more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Apple earned a daily sentiment score of 0.17 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media coverage about the iPhone maker an impact score of 72 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the next few days. Here are some of the news headlines that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s rankings: How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To (fool.com) Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now (fool.com) Ask a Fool: Why Doesn’t Apple Do Something With Its $256.8 Billion in Cash? (fool.com) Short Interest in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Grows By 10.3% (americanbankingnews.com) iPhone 8 Supercycle Will Release Pent-Up Demand: Credit Suisse (AAPL) (investopedia.com) Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 0.0066% during trading on Friday, reaching $153.8801. 4,161,166 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of $802.31 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.0526 and a beta of 1.26. Apple has a 12-month low of $91.50 and a 12-month high of $156.65. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $147.75 and a 200 day moving average price of $130.74. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a net margin of 20.73% and a return on equity of 34.94%. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $52.61 billion. On average, equities analysts predict that Apple will post $8.93 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th were given a $0.63 dividend. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.64%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, May 11th. This is a positive change from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. Apple’s payout ratio is currently 27.31%. AAPL has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Guggenheim lifted their target price on Apple from $150.00 to $180.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $150.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Drexel Hamilton reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $185.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $155.00 target price (up from $135.00) on shares of Apple in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies reissued an “in-line” rating and issued a $155.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-three have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Apple currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $157.06. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Apple (AAPL) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/26/apple-aapl-receiving-somewhat-favorable-news-coverage-report-shows.html. In other Apple news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total transaction of $11,098,500.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 154,116 shares in the company, valued at approximately $22,806,085.68. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Craig Federighi sold 64,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $153.62, for a total value of $9,908,490.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 447,151 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $68,691,336.62. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 420,686 shares of company stock valued at $63,066,393. 0.08% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Ask a Fool: Why Doesn't Apple Do Something With Its $256.8 Billion in Cash? Apple has more than a quarter-trillion dollars in cash, but spending it isn't as easy as you might think. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) May 26, 2017 at 10:39AM I read that Apple has $256.8 billion in cash. Wouldn't it be better to use that money to expand its business or pay shareholders a dividend? Ideally, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) would use its cash hoard to make acquisitions that add value to the company. As my Foolish colleague Adam Levy recently pointed out, Apple could easily buy a major media outlet such as Time Warner or Viacom, a content-distribution platform like Netflix, and a music-streaming company like SiriusXM or Pandora, and still have cash left over to give its shareholders a big one-time dividend payment. I'm not saying that any of these would necessarily be in the best interests of Apple investors, but the point is that the company could do it. The problem is where Apple's cash is. The vast majority of Apple's cash stockpile -- 94% at the end of 2016 -- is held overseas. If it were to bring the cash back to the U.S. to put to work, it would need to pay hefty repatriation taxes on the money. The corporate tax rate is currently 35%, so we're talking about over $80 billion in taxes just to bring the company's money home. President Donald Trump, as well as Republican leaders in Congress, have expressed support for a repatriation tax holiday with a one-time rate of 10%. A similar tax holiday was enacted in 2004, and could potentially save Apple about $60 billion. The bottom line is that if a repatriation holiday takes place, it's a safe bet that Apple won't be sitting on a quarter-trillion-dollar mountain of cash for much longer. Until then, however, Apple feels that repatriation of its foreign profits simply isn't in the company's best interest. Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 5/1/2017. Matthew Frankel owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Netflix, and Pandora Media. The Motley Fool recommends Time Warner. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info May 26, 2017 at 10:39AM Investment Planning Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Read More These 7 Single-Digit P/E Stocks Could Collectively Deliver $600 Billion in Free Cash Flow by 2020 Donald Trump's Corporate Tax Repatriation Plan Would Benefit These 5 Companies the Most 3 Great Dividend Stocks for Retirees 3 Stocks the Market Loves to Hate, but You Should Love The Best- and Worst-Performing Dow Stock Over the Past Year Will Have You Doing a Double-Take Compare Brokers Current Ask a Fool: Why Doesn't Apple Do Something With Its $256.8 Billion in Cash? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now The flagship iPhone price is expected to go up -- a lot. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) May 26, 2017 at 10:20AM And really specifically, I wonder what you believe is the risk that Qualcomm could have a detrimental response such as withholding modem chip sales or potentially even getting an injunction on iPhones in select geographies around the world. And I'd like to understand your perspective on whether either of those are real risks to any degree and why would Apple potentially take on those risks just in advance of what will arguably be your most significant and largest product launch in history. That was the question posed by Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) on the earnings call earlier this month, referring to heightened expectations surrounding the forthcoming 10th-generation iPhone. For the most part, CEO Tim Cook dismissed the risk, believing that the possibility of an injunction was quite low and explaining that the reason Apple is now withholding royalties via its contract manufacturers was because "you can't pay something when there's a dispute about the amount." Why now? Just days after Cook brushed aside the injunction risk, Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) was reportedly seeking exactly that. Just this week, Qualcomm officially requested an injunction as part of its legal complaint against Apple suppliers over breach of contract. Image source: Getty Images. In the motion, Qualcomm argues that Apple is attempting to make the situation "unbearable" for Qualcomm, potentially pressuring it into a "forced settlement" as opposed to protracted litigation, since Apple says it won't pay royalties while the litigation is ongoing. This newfound uncertainty underscores Sacconaghi's question: Why now? About that rumored price increase On one hand, the timing seems related to the expiration of Apple's exclusivity agreement with Qualcomm. But there's another possible reason at play here. One of Apple's principle complaints is that charging a percentage-based royalty is inappropriate, since Qualcomm effectively gets to make more money on features that are entirely unrelated to its cellular technology patents. If Apple -- or any smartphone manufacturer -- charges more for some new feature, like a larger display, more storage, or a better camera, then Qualcomm earns more in royalties despite contributing nothing to those features. Meanwhile, there are now expectations that Apple may price its 2017 flagship as high as $1,000 or more. The most expensive iPhone that Apple currently offers is $969 (iPhone 7 Plus with 256 GB of storage), but if the flagship model starts at $1,000, it could potentially reach even higher when adding options. The most likely contributing factor to a price increase is the expected OLED display. Displays are always the most expensive component, but OLED displays are pricey, and Apple has a margin profile to maintain. Qualcomm contributes precisely nothing to OLED displays (another company supplies most of the intellectual property there), and we could be talking about several hundred dollars more in retail price. A numbers game Qualcomm's specific royalty agreements vary by manufacturer, and the precise percentage it charges each customer is a closely guarded secret (all unit royalty figures are redacted from court filings). But generally, Qualcomm charges around 5% for multimode 3G/4G devices, using a royalty base of 65% of the net selling price; this figure was disclosed when Qualcomm settled its dispute with China's National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC). Qualcomm has since pointed to these agreements with Chinese manufacturers as justification that these royalties are reasonable and reflect market rates, and we know Apple's contract manufacturers don't bother negotiating better terms because Apple foots the bill. That implies a royalty of a little over $20 per unit, and that's before you include the roughly $20 that Qualcomm charges Apple for baseband modems. For example, if the flagship 2017 iPhone comes with a $200 premium due to a redesigned form factor and other new features like an OLED display, Qualcomm would earn an incremental $6.50 in royalties for that unit -- a 30% increase -- for no apparent reason. There should be little doubt that Apple has been working on the 10th-generation iPhone for a year or more, so it must have known that it was facing a major increase in production costs. At the same time, it already felt that its royalty burden was excessive, and would only get more excessive in the face of a price increase under the current percentage-based royalty structure that Qualcomm's entire licensing business is built on. Decoupling royalties from the retail price could save Apple a boatload of cash, the precise amount depending on how pricing plays out this fall. In doing so, Apple did introduce a risk that Qualcomm could block iPhone imports, but for what it's worth, FOSS Patents believes Qualcomm has a hard case to prove, so the risk may be muted. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info May 26, 2017 at 10:20AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $58.58 down $0.04 (-0.07%) Read More How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive This Crazy Apple Inc. WWDC Rumor Seems Totally Bogus Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 Looks Great Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK can we settle this on your visa? — Creator of SecurID sues Apple, Visa over digital payment patents A company that couldn't strike a deal with Visa now seeks patent royalties. Joe Mullin - May 26, 2017 2:25 pm UTC reader comments 38 Share this story The inventor of RSA's famous SecurID dongle has sued (PDF) Apple and Visa, alleging that both Apple Pay and Visa infringe four patents he owns. Kenneth Weiss was the founder and CEO of Security Dynamics, the company that created the SecurID token used around the world to access secure computer networks. That company ultimately acquired RSA Security and took its name, then was bought by EMC. Weiss left the company in 1996. By 2011, he had founded a new company, Universal Secure Registry, where he was working on mobile phone security. Kenneth Weiss WikipediaThe complaint touts the accomplishments of Weiss and SecurID, pointing out that the device is used by more than 150 million people, including "more than 90 percent of Fortune 500 companies, and corporations, consumers, governments, and banks in more than 30 countries." It says Weiss' new company, USR, enables "highly secure" transactions from mobile phones, computers, and other devices. It says the "USR ID" application has been called "the most secure personal proxy in the world." The complaint doesn't stress the point that USR's product is not available. The website for USR says the app is "coming soon." A button to "download client software for your Mac or PC" leads to a non-existent "downloads" webpage. Back in 2011, Weiss told The Boston Globe he would seek to license his patents rather than build a product himself. "He's not planning to start a company to actually build the system, and even the demo he shows on his iPhone is a series of still images, not a functioning prototype," the Globe wrote. Earlier this week, Weiss told the New York Times he's still hoping "to get into a conference room with them [Visa and Apple] and resolve this." He said he had extensive meetings with Visa in 2010 but never struck a deal, and Visa "dropped further communication without receiving a license." The lawsuit claims that Apple and Visa are infringing US Patent Nos. 8,577,813, 8,856,539, entitled "Universal secure registry," as well as 9,100,826, and 9,530,137, "Method and apparatus for secure access payment and identification." Joe Mullin Joe has covered the intersection of law and technology, including the world's biggest copyright and patent battles, since 2007. Email joe.mullin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @joemullin reader comments 38 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Best Buy Memorial Day Sale Savings on Apple Watch, Mac Notebooks, 9.7-Inch iPad Pro, and More Friday May 26, 2017 7:10 AM PDT by Mitchel Broussard Best Buy today launched a four-day-long Memorial Day sale that has markdowns on quite a few Apple products, including Apple Watch, iPhone 7, iPhone SE, iPad, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, and iMac. The four day sale begins today and ends on Memorial Day, this Monday, May 29. Note: MacRumors is an affiliate partner with Best Buy and may earn commissions on purchases made through these links. The first item up for sale is Apple Watch Series 2, which Best Buy has marked down $70 for nearly all models of Apple's wearable device. Each purchase of an Apple Watch during the event will net customers free in-store setup and advice by Geek Squad. Aluminum case models including Nike are priced at $299 for 38mm or $329 for 42mm, while stainless steel models range from $479 to $679 depending on casing color and band combinations. Best Buy's iPhone 7 sale lets customers save up to $300 when they buy and activate an iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus on a monthly installment plan, with carrier plan options varying by store. Similarly, Best Buy is offering up to $200 off the iPhone SE 16GB and 64GB models with the purchase of a monthly installment plan. For Mac notebooks, Best Buy is providing discounts of between $200 and $250 on MacBook Air and MacBook Pro models. The new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar isn't included in the site's Memorial Day sale. Customers who buy one of the MacBooks will also get six months of Trend Micro Internet Security for free, which will cover up to three iOS, Mac, Android, or Windows devices for the time frame. Best Buy has marked down numerous versions of Apple's 9.7-inch iPad Pro, with savings between $100 and $125 off of the devices in Wi-Fi only configurations. Discounts of $100 are also available on iPad mini 4 Wi-Fi models. With the purchase of an iPad customers will receive a free six months of Kaspersky Internet Security that covers a range of three devices across iOS, Mac, Android, and Windows. Best Buy has a few deals on iMacs, Mac minis, and Mac Pros this weekend, with savings going up to $200 on iMac and $100 on Mac mini, with the same free warranty offer as it's offering for customers purchasing a MacBook. Best Buy is also knocking $600 off of the original price of the quad-core Mac Pro that has discontinued been by Apple. Finally, the Memorial Day sale also includes a few smart home items, like connected light bulbs and the Nanoleaf Aurora lighting system. Beats by Dre Powerbeats3 Wireless headphones are on sale for $129.99 ($70 in savings), as well as the DJI Phantom 4 Quadcopter drone at $999.99 ($200 in savings). Customers can choose between free in-store pick up on all items, or get free two-day shipping for any orders over $35. Visit Best Buy's Hot Deals page here to see the full list of products available before the Memorial Day sale ends on Monday. Related Roundup: Apple Deals Tag: Best Buy 27 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Lancetx 1 week ago Anybody wanting an iPad mini 4 before they're possibly discontinued should jump on that sale price of $299.99 for the 128GB model. Rating: 3 Votes ShufromChina 1 week ago I follow BB's sales literally every 5 minutes. This memorial day sale is basically a collective sale of all the everyday sales of Apple items. Nothing out of the ordinary. For example, over the past 2 months, I counted a total of 3 weeks of discounted 13'' MacBook Pro models (latest version) with $200 off, 3 weeks of discounted MacBook Air models with $100-200 off; total of 4-5 one-day sales of newest 12'' MacBook $350 discounts, etc. iPhones, iPads, they discount them all the time on latest models. Plus, new MacBook refresh is around the corner. Wouldn't hurt to hold a while and see what Apple has for WWDC and decide. Those same discounts will reappear any time and repeatedly in the future as long as you keep an eye on the particular item you want. Rating: 2 Votes AxiomaticRubric 1 week ago Wait until Black Friday for the best deals on the newest things? o_O Anybody think it's a bad idea to purchase an iPad Pro now? I finally got to play with the 9.7 with Smart Keyboard the other day, and I fell for it. With WWDC coming up and new iPads being possibly announced, not sure if I should wait or jump on this deal. Rating: 2 Votes GrumpyMom 1 week ago Lol on me. I bought a Nike Space gray watch two days ago at Best Buy. I can't even go and get the price difference credited because I'm across the country now. I knew when I bought it that this might happen because of Memorial Day sales being right around the corner. But I didn't have much choice because I was heading out the very next day for a hiking trip. I bought the watch as sort of an emergency purchase after finding out just as I was packing up my stuff that my gold sport watch bricked itself. I hadn't worn my Stainless or the gold for months--I have been wearing my Gear S2 watch. But I am on a hiking trip and I really wanted to track my progress as well as keep up with texts from my fellow hikers and the coordinators--who are all on iMessage. Also, the band on my Gear S2 Sport is really not good in the heat and it's hard to find good alternatives on eBay that won't break my skin out in a rash. My Gear S2 Classic is a dress watch and too heavy for what I needed. So I ran out and got the Nike watch at full price the evening before heading out of town. My stainless Apple Series 1 watch is on extended loan to my daughter who is also on the hike. She was going to use the gold sport to track her progress until we discovered it was as dead as a canned tuna. I will sort that out when I get back home. p.s. I'm loving the Nike Swiss cheese band! Rating: 2 Votes pdaholic 1 week ago Anybody think it's a bad idea to purchase an iPad Pro now? I finally got to play with the 9.7 with Smart Keyboard the other day, and I fell for it. With WWDC coming up and new iPads being possibly announced, not sure if I should wait or jump on this deal. Rating: 1 Votes sracer 1 week ago Anybody think it's a bad idea to purchase an iPad Pro now? I finally got to play with the 9.7 with Smart Keyboard the other day, and I fell for it. With WWDC coming up and new iPads being possibly announced, not sure if I should wait or jump on this deal. The discounts seem to vary. On the Best Buy site I'm seeing $100-$125 off. $100 off is "ok". Best Buy runs deals like this on a regular basis so if you pass up on this there'll be another in a few weeks to months. This rumor was a great way to sell old inventory! Some people need additional incentives beyond a good price. :) Rating: 1 Votes sracer 1 week ago Anybody wanting an iPad mini 4 before they're possibly discontinued should jump on that sale price of $299.99 for the 128GB model. That's a terrific price! Rating: 1 Votes Relentless Power 1 week ago Anybody think it's a bad idea to purchase an iPad Pro now? I finally got to play with the 9.7 with Smart Keyboard the other day, and I fell for it. With WWDC coming up and new iPads being possibly announced, not sure if I should wait or jump on this deal. I doubt (Aside from the rumors) we will an iPad refresh during WWDC. However, if you wanted to play it safe, You could wait one week to see for sure what happens. Otherwise, I wouldn't hesitate for the Pro/Keyboard. Rating: 1 Votes edgonzalez32 1 week ago Might jump on the Apple Watch. But really want to wait for series 3 to come out so that series 2 will be even more discounted. Rating: 1 Votes goodcow 1 week ago Anybody wanting an iPad mini 4 before they're possibly discontinued should jump on that sale price of $299.99 for the 128GB model. Why are the cellular models never on sale? I want an iPad Mini 4, but I need the cellular model. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? WWDC 2017 June 5–9 iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories What to Expect at WWDC 2017: Software Updates, Mac Notebook Refresh, New iPad Pro, Siri Speaker Possible 2 days ago on Front Page Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference kicks off on Monday morning, with a keynote event that starts at 10:00 a.m. This year's event promises to be exciting, because alongside new... 331 comments Apple to Expand Siri to Work With More Types of Third-Party Apps 2 days ago on Front Page At its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, Apple is expected to expand Siri's functionality, allowing the voice assistant built into the iPhone and iPad to work with a wider variety of... 59 comments Apple Paying Freelancers to Improve the Accuracy of Apple Maps 2 days ago on Front Page In an effort to improve Apple Maps, which many iPhone users still consider to be inferior to Google Maps, Apple has enlisted the help of contracted freelancers to validate the accuracy of points of... 130 comments Apple CEO Tim Cook: Trump's Decision to Withdraw From Paris Accord 'Was Wrong for Our Planet' 3 days ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook this afternoon sent an email to Apple employees expressing his disappointment with U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate deal. In the... 863 comments First WWDC 2017 Decorations Start Going Up at McEnery Convention Center 3 days ago on Front Page With just four days to go until the 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple has started decorating the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, where the event will be held. Based on images... 143 comments New Nike Apple Watch Bands Now Available for Purchase [Updated] 3 days ago on Front Page Last week, Nike announced plans to release four new Nike+ Apple Watch bands in colors that match its line of Nike Air VaporMax Flyknit "Day to Night" shoes, and those watch bands are... 99 comments Swift Playgrounds Will Soon Be Able to Program and Control Robots, Drones, and Toys 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its iPad app aimed at making learning how to code interactive and fun, will be able to program and control robots, drones, musical instruments, and other... 76 comments Apple Says Developers Have Earned Over $70 Billion From App Store Since It Launched 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today announced that its global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008."People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them... 111 comments • Rumored Siri Speaker in Production Ahead of Possible WWDC Debut (301) • Apple CEO Tim Cook Urges U.S. President to Stay in Paris Climate Pact (460) • 'iPhone 8' Renders Offer Direct Size Comparisons With iPhone 7 and Galaxy S8 (192) • Apple Registers New Macs and iPads in Eurasia Ahead of WWDC on June 5 (302) • Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 (125) • Apple Updates Official WWDC App Ahead of 2017 Event (53) • Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] (54)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 32-bit Apps No Longer Appear in App Store Search Results: The 32-bit App-pocalypse Begins [Update: Maybe Not?] WWDC Preparations - The TouchArcade Show #209 TouchArcade Needs Your Help to Survive: Here's All the Ways You Can Support Us (Some for Free!) TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Yankai's Peak' 'Beholder' Review - Oppressing People and Taking Names Was Never This Fun New 'Thor's Hammer' Expansion Arrives for 'The Quest HD' YouTube What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts iPhone 8 to switch from 16:9 to 18:9 display—here’s what this means for you Christian Zibreg on May 26, 2017 39 Apple is expected to change iPhone’s screen aspect ratio from 16:9 on iPhone 7 to 18:9 on iPhone 8, according to multiple reports. Economic Daily News said today that the device’s screen ratio will change to 18.5:9 instead of the previous 16:9. 18.5:9 accounts for the rumored curvature of iPhone 8’s OLED display: the phone’s active display area is understood to be 5.1 or 5.2 inches in the precise 18:9 aspect ratio. Yesterday, DigiTimes said that Apple is expected to unveil a new iPhone in the second half of 2017, equipped with a 5.8-inch AMOLED panel in the—you guessed right—18:9 aspect ratio. Aspect ratio is the relationship between the height and width of a display. In simpler terms, a 16:9 screen has 16 pixels in one direction for every 9 pixels in the other. The most common aspect ratios are 4:3, popularized by older TVs, and 16:9 found on widescreen ones. 18:9 has been popularized by the latest phones from Samsung and LG, which have screens that are taller than the 16:9 ratio used by the majority of smartphones. Already, these new phones have prompted panel vendors to expand capacity to meet fast-growing demand for 18:9 smartphone displays. It looks like the 18:9 screen aspect ratio is here to stay, but what’s so special about it? Mockup of iPhone 8 with Full Vision Display, via iFanr. For starters, the 18:9 screen aspect ratio (you could just call it a 2:1 display) results in a display that’s a little bit taller than a typical 16:9 screen. As a result, an 18:9 phone may provide a better grip than its 16:9 counterpart. As a bonus, 18:9 is perfectly suited for Split View multitasking that Apple is expected to bring to iPhone with iOS 11. More importantly, on an 18:9 screen you can have one app on top of another in portrait mode. In the Camera app, as an example, you might be able to take a square photo on half of the screen and review it on the other half. 18:9 screens also show more content vertically so users see more of a webpage in Safari, additional images in their Instagram feed, more tweets and so forth, without scrolling. On the downside, a majority of HD videos today are encoded in the 16:9 format and many games and apps are optimized for 16:9 on a landscape mode. If iPhone 8 will really come outfitted with an 18:9 display, all 16:9 videos will show blank space on the sides of the phone. As Ron Amadeo of Ars Technica noted in his review of Galaxy S8, the device’s unusual aspect ratio results in pillarboxing when watching 16:9 video without zooming or stretching it. What’s the point of having thin bezels on a phone if your 16:9 movie-watching experience suffers from blank space on the sides, you might be asking. While this is no doubt concerning, you can always double-tap to prompt iOS’s media player to zoom in the video so that it fills the entire screen, in which case parts of the video would get cropped out. Still, 18:9 could gain momentum if filmmakers adopt it. iPhone 8 concept courtesy of designer Gábor Balogh. For what it’s worth, select new shows on Amazon Video and Netflix are shot in 18:9. Plus, Italian cinematographer Vittorio Storaro is pushing the new Univisum 2:1 format (or 18:9) versus the typically wider 2.20:1 aspect ratio commonly used in movie theaters nowadays. It’s unclear, and this is important, if iPhone 8’s upgraded camera will feature a new aspect ratio that’s closer to 18:9. Take Galaxy S8’s 12-megapixel camera which shoots in 4:3 by default. But start shooting in the 18.5:9 mode and you only get 7.9-megapixel of its capabilities. In the same vein, LG G6’s thirteen-megapixel camera offers a maximum of 8.7-megapixel capability in 18.5:9 mode, or 9.7 megapixels for 16:9 images. Only 4:3 images can be shot in the full 13-megapixel resolution. On the other hand, as iPhone 8 is said to include an active screen area at the display’s bottom potentially designed for showing persistent on-screen controls, like Android, it’s entirely conceivably that the actual content area could be in the 16:9 aspect ratio. Apps are likely going to need to be updated to take the full advantage of the 18:9 canvas, but having been there before we expect a relatively painless transition. Be that as it may, Apple certainly is no stranger to making an iPhone’s screen taller. Claimed iPhone 8 case (middle) next to iPhone 7 (left) and iPhone 7 Plus case (right). With 2012’s iPhone 5, Apple made the display a tad taller without making it wider so that users could still reach corners at the top in one-handed mode. It took developers several months to update their apps to take full advantage of the new screen format. It follows that existing apps on an 18:9 iPhone would show black bars on the top and bottom of the screen. At any rate, Google has urged developers to work with newer 18:9 aspect ratios for their apps and Apple is expected to do the same if iPhone 8 adopts the new screen format. In other words, expect 18:9 to quickly become the new norm for smartphones. As we reported before, iPhone 8 should manage to squeeze a 5.8-inch AMOLED panel (with an active display area measuring 5.1 inches) inside a chassis that would be just a little bit wider and a tad taller than the existing 4.7-inch iPhones. Hopefully, Apple will achieve this by drastically reducing or eliminating the bezels and integrating the Home button, Touch ID, the camera and sensors into the display assembly. Fun fact: the original iPhone had a screen aspect ratio of 3:2. iPhone 8 mockup top of post via Benjamin Geskin. Tagged: Apple DigiTimes Display News Rumors Screen MORE FROM iDB iPhone 8’s Touch ID said to use on-screen optical fingerprint scanning Foxconn and Sharp buying a stake in micro-LED startup eLux Apple could start building micro-LED screens by end of 2017 TwoSim One day this will come true https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/dda4aa1db542e2639edc46f8084b27392a8729d6c91bb26c6981d8dacb679f59.png Christian Zibreg Haha, awesome M_Hawke burge 18:9 is spot on for a mobile phone. Blip dude From the sound of it so far I have to agree. Obviously I haven’t used a device with an 18:9 ratio screen but I’ll welcome anything at this point except the Touch ID in the back. burge Believe it’s Perfect. If apple do do multi app use on the screen it’s great for photos as it point shoot and see the photo with out coming out of the camera app. I doubt the home button will be on the back judging by a article on here during the week. Siri Tim Cook Holness Touch ID Will NOT be on back Siri Tim Cook Holness It won’t be a mobile phone any more phones r dying every 2017 flagship is too big to be a phone and is instead a phablet Aviorrok 16:9 is better than 18:9 for smartphone burge Have you used a device with 18:9 aspect ratio ? Aviorrok Yeah and is too much longer and hard to use with one hand burge Hate to say this but Apple agrees with you that’s why that put Reachability on the iPhone 6 6+ 6s 6s+ 7 7s+ Daniel Maia So… 2:1 Norbi Whitney I took a while to get to it, but it’s mentioned after the first set of iPhoneX renders. :D 18:9 makes it easier to compare Jean Michel Yes, the “I don’t need maths in real life” mantra is still strong worldwide :))) So Young I use my iPhone a lot for watching videos (youtube, TV shows, web videos etc) so if its true then I’ll be mad and its a good reason to just stay with my 6s plus. I dont want to have black bars all over again and I’m not a big twitter/social networks fan so I dont care if I see more stuff in screen… I barely use split view on iPad either. I dont think tablet and phones are good for this kind of stuff, so, no, 18:9 aspect ratio is not a thing I want. burge Apple will require developers to make their apps compatible with the 18:9 aspect ratio. :D +burge But videos would still have the black bars burge Like it does now on some, and your issue is. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cab5dcd45a8fb945bc2cef350debcc88fe9beed4bdd0e9dc4b65f6c9df9b3804.jpg :D Black bars above and below aren’t the same as black bars left and right. Have you ever tried to watch an old square video on a 16:9 display? It looks gross. Same as apps that haven’t been updated – try using an old iPhone 4 app on an iPhone 5; just doesn’t look good. burge And when Apple tells developers they have to support the new aspect ratio, What it does is fill the sides and so fills the top and bottom and so no black bars on top or bottom. What your watching is a program that not in the format of 16:9. so has issues with that format. And Apple told app developers that any updates to apps have to support new aspect ratios so obviously the app your using hasn’t been update. But the most important bit is you don’t have to purchase it if you don’t want it. techfreak23 FAKE NEWS. YOU HAVE NO UNDERSTANDING OF DEALING WITH SCREEN SIZES AND ASPECT RATIOS IN APP DEVELOPMENT SO STOP ACTING LIKE YOU DO. YOU CAN’T RESIZE A DAMN VIDEO TO FIT AN ASPECT RATIO WITHOUT ZOOMING IN AND CUTTING OFF PART OF THE VIDEO OR DISTORTING THE VIDEO. YOU LITERALLY NEED TO CONVERT THE VIDEO FILE ITSELF TO FIT A NEW ASPECT RATIO WHICH ESSENTIALLY MESSES UP THE WHOLE LOOK OF THE VIDEO. APPLE HAS TOLD NO APP DEVELOPERS TO ACCOMMODATE THIS RUMORED ASPECT RATIO BECAUSE IT’S JUST A RUMOR! WHAT APPLE HAS TOLD DEVELOPERS IS TO MAKE THEIR APPS ABLE TO ACCOMMODATE DIFFERENT SCREEN SIZES DYNAMICALLY USING THE TOOLS THEY INTRODUCED A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO. THIS MOSTLY IS REFERRING TO APPS THAT HADN’T BEEN UPDATED SINCE BEFORE THE IPHONE 5 CAME OUT. burge Wow your really pissed aren’t you. That didn’t take much you really have issues don’t you. And at no point have I said Apple have told anyone do to anything. techfreak23 I’m more irritated than pissed. I’m trying to prevent you from spreading around false information because you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about. These are literally your words from a previous comment: “And Apple told app developers that any updates to apps have to support new aspect ratios so obviously the app your using hasn’t been update.” https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ed769274aa6b8286ba898d22876946d3bd372f917e5a709dd77da245ac8ee197.png Apple started telling developers to adopt the new layout methods after the 5 came out and began pushing them more after the 6 launched because they improved the tools. burge burge And it’s just this that has got you on this one man mission of being a techfreak23 You clearly don’t know anything about some of the changes in iOS app development ever since the 6 came out… smdh. Developers aren’t supposed to hard code object sizes or view sizes anymore because of how many different sizes of screens there are now. You really think Apple wouldn’t have given developers the tools to easily address that issue? If the developer knows what they’re doing, adding another screen size or aspect ratio won’t really affect the app. burge burge if an app is not made for a 18:9 ratio and you use it on a device that can support it and you use that app in the format of 18:9 ratio then the app will become distorted or might crop the sides off as it stretches to fit the screen. I’ve used a device with a 18:9 ratio and apps that are not correctly made for it are slightly stretch to fit the top and bottom. But on the device I used you have the option to use 18:9 and 16:9. All apps will need to be updated to fully utilise the aspect ratio 18:9. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d0cd683c74354fc667d888b2a11aff7d7dc50761d6866ca785db996fc365bdc3.jpg techfreak23 You’re talking about other devices on different platforms with different developer tools. Android developers used to struggle with adapting to different screen sizes and aspect ratios until recently when Google started to address that more. Apple has never had a 18:9 aspect ratio, but updated the developer tools when the iPhone 6 came out to make it easier to accommodate different screen sizes and aspect ratios. Unless you’ve developed a full iOS app yourself, you still don’t know what you are talking about… Up Stream I hate it when screens get longer but not wider, the iPhone 5 was the same. Sohail Wahab I hope all iPhone models come with black front so I could buy silver phone with all black front. Siri Tim Cook Holness Smartphones r dying like every 2017 flagship is too big to be a smartphone and consifered a phablet burge This device ( iPhone 8 ) will be smaller than the plus model iPhones in total size. Siri Tim Cook Holness Yes but it’s display size that counts the iPhone 8 will be 5.8 inch physical display size so not a phone Siri Tim Cook Holness And imo it’s a very stupid idea to make a physically smaller device and no larger option SpideyRules I really sincerely hope filmmakers don’t catch on to 18:9. All (most) of our televisions are all 16:9, and I don’t want to have to update them just so I don’t have larger bars on the top and bottom… CG “It took developers several months to update their apps to take full advantage of the new screen format. It follows that existing apps on an 18:9 iPhone would show black bars on the top and bottom of the screen.” Might not be the case this year, at least as much. A lot of developers use auto layout for their apps (which was actually released at WWDC 2012 in preparation for iPhone 5). So hopefully there won’t be many cropped apps. Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Search Search Facebook Twitter Newsletter Linkedin Sections Secondary menu Trending Apple Watch Kodi Oculus Rift Samsung Galaxy S7 Sky Q iPad Pro iPhone 7 You have until Wednesday to apply for Apple’s Developer Academy Apple Apple’s first European Academy will be providing training on iOS development to those from a wealth of backgrounds Wilfred Collins 26 May 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email Applications for Apple’s Developer Academy are set to close next week, so if you’ve ever wanted to learn how to build an iOS app directly from the company that brought us the iPhone, now is your chance. The course will take place at the University of Federico II in Naples, Italy, officially starting in October 2017. Applicants can be of any nationality, with last year’s programme including students from Mexico, Turkey and Latvia. It is the first time Apple has brought this programme to Europe, with the tech giant wanting 1,000 students to attend their courses over the next three years. Apple is already doubling its intake from 2016 – it’s up from 200 to 400. Though, to provide some perspective, there were about 4,000 applications last year. See related  Is Apple building an iCar? Apple is patenting ad-targeting tech that checks your bank balance How secure is Apple Pay? The programme is designed for budding entrepreneurs and those looking to become software developers, although the course will converge with other fields. You don’t need a background in coding, a general interest in business will suffice. Those with design skills are also welcome, with the course touching on marketing elements as well. Apple aims to make the programme as inclusive as possible and, as such, they’ll supply an iPhone and Mac to every student who attends the academy. It might sound like Apple just wants to be seen doing their bit for youth development, but they’re putting in several million euros to keep this free for all students. The curriculum has been designed by Apple’s technical experts and engineers, so you’ll be learning how to build iOS apps right from those who built the system. If building software in Italy sounds good to you, the application form can be found here. Read more about: Business Startups You are here: Home Apple You have until Wednesday to apply for Apple’s Developer Academy Most Popular Draw the cats of your nightmares using machine learning 24 Feb 2017 Art Future supreme court justice stumped by Reddit meme 22 Mar 2017 Politics i.Con wants to be the Fitbit for your penis 3 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Netflix’s interactive experiment is (a) Good (b) Bad 9 Mar 2017 Netflix This e-paper wall calendar prototype is simple but brilliant 23 Mar 2017 Life & Culture 63 Android apps you need: Supercharge your phone 2 Jun 2017 Google 20 of the best Raspberry Pi 3 projects 8 May 2017 Raspberry Pi The 14 essential PS4 games to own in 2017 30 May 2017 Sony Tesla Model 3: All you need to know 23 May 2017 Cars How to download and install the Wookie build on Kodi 24 May 2017 Software Technology Devices, software, wearables and more Snapchat brings its camera Spectacles to the UK Snap’s sunglasses come with an embedded video camera, and can record footage at the touch of a button 2 Jun 2017 Cameras DJI Spark review: Hands-on with the ultimate selfie drone DJI’s compact, follow-me drone is packed with tech – and it’s also great fun to fly 2 Jun 2017 Technology Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 can now run full-fat Windows 10 Qualcomm sticks it to Intel as Microsoft partners up to revolutionise the ultraportables market 2 Jun 2017 Technology Nvidia’s Max-Q brings GTX 1080 graphics to ultrabooks Say goodbye to hulking gaming laptops, Nvidia’s Max-Q has just revolutionised the gaming laptop 2 Jun 2017 Laptops Business How technology is changing your work 7 observations from the IoT World Forum 2017 Cisco’s Internet of Things World Forum was a timely reminder of just how big IoT is… and how much bigger it can get 26 May 2017 Business Just a few days left to apply for Apple's Developer Academy Apple’s first European Academy will be providing training on iOS development to those from a wealth of backgrounds 26 May 2017 Apple Raspberry Pi just extended its reach for young coders Raspberry Pi’s new merger gives it the scope to reach 185,000 children across the globe 26 May 2017 Raspberry Pi Minibrew raises $2.8 million to put a keg in your kitchen Minibrew is a tech-heavy answer to making homemade craft beer 24 May 2017 Startups Science Developments from the frontiers of science Trump pulls out of the Paris climate agreement: The fallout Making friends and influencing people 2 Jun 2017 Environment Elon Musk is about to dump Trump over climate change If the president pulls the US out of the Paris climate agreement, then Musk will cut his ties to the administration 1 Jun 2017 Environment Trump to pull the USA out of the Paris climate change deal 1.5 million Green party voters probably regret their choice right now 31 May 2017 Environment Shape-shifting pasta unpacks itself on your plate Self-folding food could change the way we store and ship the things we eat 31 May 2017 Bioscience Cars The cutting edge of automotive technology Lexus LC500h review: We drive the best Lexus hybrid yet Lexus has finally made an exciting hybrid car 1 Jun 2017 Cars BMW CarData: Using your data for good BMW wants to put you in control of your car's data 31 May 2017 Cars Mercedes-AMG Project One hypercar: Everything we know Imagine an F1 car for the road with 1000hp. That's the Project One 31 May 2017 Cars Rolls-Royce Sweptail: A £10 million one-off The Sweptail is like a compilation of the nicest Rolls-Royces 30 May 2017 Cars Life & Culture How technology is changing our everyday lives Tekken 7 review: Faster, Stronger, Sillier 4 Tekken is back with a platter of combos, counters and ludicrous theatrics in Tekken 7 2 Jun 2017 Games Covfefe and the minefield of internet pronunciation How do we decide the best way to say words coined online? 1 Jun 2017 Life & Culture Google wants to help you become an expert in fine art Deeper information on art searches, and a virtual tour of museums 1 Jun 2017 Art Square Enix is reinventing the MMO once again Change is at the heart of Final Fantasy XIV: Stormblood, and it shows the MMO has plenty of life left in it yet 31 May 2017 Games The Future The world of 20 years from now Microsoft has built a holographic display for your glasses Move over HoloLens – this is the future of augmented-reality glasses 22 May 2017 Microsoft Microsoft CEO: It’s a developer's duty to prevent dystopia Microsoft’s CEO highlights Nineteen Eighty-Four and A Brave New World as examples of futures best avoided 11 May 2017 The Future Skyscraper competition gives a glimpse of the future Winners of international competition show utopian visions for futuristic cities 28 Apr 2017 The Future Neuralink: Musk's new plan to turn us into computers Neuralink might be the most sci-fi project yet from Elon Musk 28 Mar 2017 The Future Latest Reviews Tekken 7 review: Faster, Stronger, Sillier 2 Jun 2017 Games DJI Spark review: Hands-on with the ultimate selfie drone 2 Jun 2017 Technology Lexus LC500h review: We drive the best Lexus hybrid yet 1 Jun 2017 Cars Nokia 3310 review: A millennium throwback best left there 1 Jun 2017 Nokia BMW i8 review: Hybrid power redefines the supercar 25 May 2017 Cars New Nissan Micra review: Tech trickle down is happening 24 May 2017 Cars Lightning McQueen is Sphero's best robot yet 24 May 2017 Technology Ford Kuga review (2017): Solid tech in an affordable package 23 May 2017 Cars Huawei MateBook E: A genuine Surface Pro 4 challenger 23 May 2017 Huawei MateBook X: Huawei's new laptop is a MacBook rival 23 May 2017 Laptops Digital breathalysers: Are they worth the money? 18 May 2017 Technology Kobo Aura H20 2017 review – Kindle's waterproof rival 18 May 2017 Tablets Back to top Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Newsletter About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Report – The iPhone 8 will feature Touch ID in the front glass Report – The iPhone 8 will feature Touch ID in the front glass by Joseph Carey 26 May 2017 0 shares Read Comments Apple will use optical fingerprint technology in the next iPhone that will allow Touch ID to be integrated into the glass on the front of the smartphone, according to a new report. The report, published by the Economic Daily News (via Digitimes), claims Apple will not put the fingerprint sensor on the back of the device, as many had speculated it might. Instead, the company is said to have chosen the more elegant solution of allowing the user to place their fingerprint on the glass front to unlock their phone. Related: iPhone 8 Many analysts have predicted the Touch ID sensor on the iPhone 8 would be integrated into the display, though some have claimed Apple is facing difficulties developing the necessary technology. The company has previously touted the functionality of its Taptic Engine in replicating the feel of a user pressing a button without a physical click required. But developing a working, in-display fingerprint sensor is a much more difficult technology to develop, which is the likely reason Samsung opted to place the sensor on the rear of its recent Galaxy S8. The new report also claims Apple will be ditching the standard 16:9 aspect ratio in favour of a Samsung S8 chocolate bar-esque 18.5:9 ratio. This report coincides with previous rumours that the next iPhone will have an incredibly high screen-to-body ratio that leaves next to no bezels visible on front of the device. But perhaps the most interesting aspect of this report is the claim that the information has come from TSMC, the company that's allegedly manufacturing Apple’s A11 chip, which is said to power the next iPhone. The fate of the home button has been debated somewhat in the 2017 iPhone with earlier rumours suggesting it had moved to the back of the device to a position similar to the Google Pixel. For now, it remains unclear what the plan is in that respect, as there's no way to verify the latest report so approach all the claims with due caution for now. The iPhone 8 is expected to be debuted around September, so expect the cavalcade of leaks and rumours to continue in the coming months. Where do you want to see the home button placed in the next iPhone? Let us know in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To Making the case for investing in Apple. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) May 26, 2017 at 9:17AM You don't become the largest publicly traded company in history without beating the market averages for years, if not decades. Just look at how tech giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has outperformed the major U.S. benchmarks over the past decade: AAPL data by YCharts Of course, this kind of backward-looking evidence tells us little about the case for investing in Apple, so here's a snapshot of some of the company's current fundamental metrics: Price Per Share Market Capitalization P/E $156.73 $813 billion 18.7   Data source: Yahoo! Finance.  Assuming you're interested, how do you invest in Apple stock? First, you'll need to know how to open a brokerage account as well as how to buy a stock; our guides on both topics are required reading for all investing newbies before proceeding further. Once you've mastered the basics of personal finance and investing and you're ready to add Apple shares to your portfolio, you still need to understand why you might want to own Apple. Let's take a look. Inside Apple's iEmpire Founded by two legendary Steves -- Jobs and Wozniak -- Apple played a leading role in spurring consumer-tech revolutions in personal computing, digital music, MP3 players, smartphones, tablets, and smartwatches. Ushering in just one of those revolutions would be enough to mint a lasting legacy for a tech company, which makes it astounding to realize that Apple's entry into each of those areas -- all of which existed before Apple's entrance -- was the catalyst that elevated their products into the mass market. Since its launch, the iPhone has become the primary engine powering Apple's financial performance. Here's a snapshot of iPhone sales in the context to the Mac maker's revenue base: Metric 2016 2015 2014 iPhone revenue   $136.7 billion  $155.0 billion  $101.9 billion  Apple total revenue   $215.6 billion  $233.7 billion  $182.8 billion  iPhone as a % of total revenue   63% 66% 56% Data source: Apple investor relations.  Because of its cushy margin structure, the iPhone also contributes the bulk of Apple's profit, though the company opts not to break out its profits by segment. In fact, the iPhone so dominates the global smartphone market that, along with rival Samsung, it's estimated to collect more than 90% of worldwide smartphone operating profits.  As for the rest of Apple's product mix, the electronics giant splits its sales among the iPad, Mac, services, and "other products." For 2016, Mac, iPad, and services sales each totaled between $20 billion and $25 billion, and other products provided $11 billion in revenue.  Now that Apple has grown so large, it might be easy to conclude that its size would be an anchor on continued growth. That's true to a degree. After all, at 41 years old, it is a mature company. But Apple shares still offer an attractive opportunity for prospective investors today, for both long-term and short-term reasons. Image source: Apple The future is still bright for Apple Later this year, Apple will launch a redesigned iPhone to celebrate the device's 10th anniversary. As with most major iPhone releases, rumors are already swirling regarding the new design and features Apple will include. As is also typical, multiple media reports have coalesced around several features that seem more likely than not to appear. Among others, these include an all-glass body with an edge-to-edge display, an integration of the home button into the glass panel, wireless charging, and more. There are also rumors that Apple might plan to launch three new iPhones, one featuring the radical redesign at a higher price point and two more standard models that resemble improved versions of current iPhones. In any event, research suggests that Apple's iPhone installed base will be primed to upgrade en masse. Analysts at BMO estimate that 31% of the nearly 800 million iPhones in use will be two years old or more by the time of the new iPhone's expected launch this fall, priming the company for another record-setting fiscal year so long as Apple can deliver an enticing enough iPhone. Looking further out, Apple also has at least two compelling projects in development that should allow the company to continue to grow, even as its revenue base continues to swell. The first is Apple's "secret" automotive project, dubbed Titan. With much of the tech industry focused on the continued integration of the tech and auto industries, this project makes sense, particularly given Apple's peerless ability to produce end-to-end consumer experiences that rely on software and hardware expertise. So long as it can figure out the appropriate business model -- and outsource the low-margin assembly, as it does with the iPhone -- even capturing a small share of the global auto market could move the needle for Apple's massive revenue base in the coming years. The next opportunity, augmented reality (AR), is far less clearly defined. Analysts have recognized that many large players are shifting their focus toward AR; Snapchat and Facebook are two such examples. As software embraces AR, a new opportunity will arise for Apple and other tech companies to introduce new devices. It isn't yet clear what hardware Apple could create, but it seems clear that it would be interested and well positioned to succeed in these emerging hardware markets.  Apple is one of the strongest tech companies on Earth, and management's long-term vision and ample financial resources should be enough to keep the company at the forefront of the technology industry, even as it changes dramatically in the years to come. Andrew Tonner owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Facebook. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info May 26, 2017 at 9:17AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $2,000.00 no change (0.00%) Bank of Montreal NYSE:BMO $67.67 up $0.03 (0.04%) Read More 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now This Crazy Apple Inc. WWDC Rumor Seems Totally Bogus Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 Looks Great Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $SSNLF, $BMO
