Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Caesars Entertainment Corp (CZR) CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp Buys Shares of 18,800 Apple Inc. (AAPL) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Position Held by Amarillo National Bank Bank of Montreal Can Has $138,000 Position in Bassett Furniture Industries Inc. (BSET) Alpha Windward LLC Sells 101 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Sapiens International Co. (SPNS) Stake Maintained by Bank of Montreal Can Houlihan Lokey Inc (HLI) Stake Boosted by Teachers Advisors LLC Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Federal Signal Co. (FSS) Issued By KeyCorp Trust Co Increases Position in Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Genesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can Atria Investments LLC Boosts Stake in AT&T Inc. (T) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Position Lowered by Wealthcare Capital Management LLC American National Bank Has $5.37 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Bank of Montreal Can Sells 1,411 Shares of Fang Holdings Ltd (SFUN) Bank of Montreal Can Invests $138,000 in First Foundation Inc (FFWM) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Lazard Ltd (LAZ) to Buy Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HC Wainwright Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) PT Lowered to $100.00 ICICI Bank Ltd (IBN) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) PT Set at $28.00 by Stephens Alpha Windward LLC Sells 101 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) June 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Alpha Windward LLC reduced its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 2.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 4,636 shares of the company’s stock after selling 101 shares during the period. Alpha Windward LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $417,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in PG. Peninsula Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 11.2% in the third quarter. Peninsula Asset Management Inc. now owns 6,949 shares of the company’s stock worth $624,000 after buying an additional 700 shares during the last quarter. Green Square Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 10.7% in the third quarter. Green Square Capital LLC now owns 55,700 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,999,000 after buying an additional 5,370 shares during the last quarter. Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 8.2% in the third quarter. Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. now owns 6,080 shares of the company’s stock worth $546,000 after buying an additional 460 shares during the last quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 1.2% in the third quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 262,253 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,537,000 after buying an additional 3,231 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 39.7% in the third quarter. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC now owns 10,909 shares of the company’s stock worth $979,000 after buying an additional 3,100 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) opened at 87.85 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $224.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.15 and a beta of 0.64. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $87.43 and its 200 day moving average price is $87.42. Procter & Gamble Co has a one year low of $80.95 and a one year high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.70 billion. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. Procter & Gamble Co’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.86 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 21st were given a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This is a boost from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.14%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 19th. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is currently 48.73%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/09/alpha-windward-llc-sells-101-shares-of-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. A number of equities research analysts have commented on PG shares. B. Riley lowered Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price objective for the stock from $106.00 to $91.00 in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on Procter & Gamble Co from $99.00 to $101.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Stifel Nicolaus decreased their price objective on Procter & Gamble Co from $88.00 to $87.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Vetr upgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.80 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $92.90. In related news, insider Steven D. Bishop sold 2,668 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.34, for a total transaction of $233,023.12. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 43,608 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,808,722.72. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Patrice Louvet sold 3,837 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $333,819.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 46,913 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,081,431. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 199,891 shares of company stock valued at $17,276,637 over the last ninety days. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Caesars Entertainment Corp (CZR) CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp Buys Shares of 18,800 Apple Inc. (AAPL) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Position Held by Amarillo National Bank Bank of Montreal Can Has $138,000 Position in Bassett Furniture Industries Inc. (BSET) Alpha Windward LLC Sells 101 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Sapiens International Co. (SPNS) Stake Maintained by Bank of Montreal Can Houlihan Lokey Inc (HLI) Stake Boosted by Teachers Advisors LLC Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Federal Signal Co. (FSS) Issued By KeyCorp Trust Co Increases Position in Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Genesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can Atria Investments LLC Boosts Stake in AT&T Inc. (T) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Position Lowered by Wealthcare Capital Management LLC American National Bank Has $5.37 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Bank of Montreal Can Sells 1,411 Shares of Fang Holdings Ltd (SFUN) Bank of Montreal Can Invests $138,000 in First Foundation Inc (FFWM) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Lazard Ltd (LAZ) to Buy Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HC Wainwright Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) PT Lowered to $100.00 ICICI Bank Ltd (IBN) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) PT Set at $28.00 by Stephens Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Position Held by Amarillo National Bank June 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Amarillo National Bank continued to hold its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 6,903 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Amarillo National Bank’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $620,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in PG. Gierl Augustine Investment Management Inc boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 5.4% in the first quarter. Gierl Augustine Investment Management Inc now owns 37,301 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,351,000 after buying an additional 1,911 shares during the last quarter. Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 9.3% in the first quarter. Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. now owns 39,033 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,507,000 after buying an additional 3,336 shares during the last quarter. Edge Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 17.1% in the first quarter. Edge Wealth Management LLC now owns 1,640 shares of the company’s stock worth $148,000 after buying an additional 240 shares during the last quarter. TNB Financial acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the first quarter worth about $11,302,000. Finally, Grassi Investment Management boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.5% in the first quarter. Grassi Investment Management now owns 183,062 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,448,000 after buying an additional 991 shares during the last quarter. 68.33% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE PG) opened at 87.85 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $224.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.15 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a 1-year low of $80.95 and a 1-year high of $92.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $87.43 and its 200-day moving average price is $87.42. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.94 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business had revenue of $15.61 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.70 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.86 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 21st were issued a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This is a boost from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.14%. Procter & Gamble Co’s payout ratio is presently 48.73%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/09/procter-gamble-co-pg-position-held-by-amarillo-national-bank.html. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Vetr raised Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $96.50 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, May 18th. Stifel Nicolaus cut their price objective on Procter & Gamble Co from $88.00 to $87.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $103.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $80.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Procter & Gamble Co has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $92.90. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, insider Steven D. Bishop sold 2,668 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.34, for a total transaction of $233,023.12. Following the sale, the insider now owns 43,608 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,808,722.72. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Patrice Louvet sold 48,310 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.79, for a total transaction of $4,192,824.90. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 95,340 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,274,558.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 199,891 shares of company stock worth $17,276,637 in the last three months. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT View From the Buyside Coty, a World Leader in Beauty, Has 123% Upside The company has a strong market position as a result of its aggressive acquisition strategy. By Elevation Capital Management Limited, New Zealand Biography June 8, 2017 8:41 a.m. ET This article first appeared on SumZero, the world’s largest research community of buyside investment professionals. In some cases Barron’s edits the research for brevity; professional investors can access the full version of this thesis and tens of thousands of others at SumZero.com. Growth Through M&A Coty’s strong... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. You Never See It Coming: Nasdsaq Drops 1.8% as Dow Hits New Highs Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Holy Cow! Have FANGs Lost Their Bite? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Nvidia: Stock Has Become ‘A Casino,’ Says Citron, As Targets Soar Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. AT&T’s Improving Dividends Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Biggest Loser: Nvidia Tumbles 6.5% Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Mid-Year Roundtable 2 How Asia Tech Titans Are Gaining Ground on U.S. Rivals 3 Who Wins as Solar Prices Plunge Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Traders Purchase Large Volume of STMicroelectronics NV Call Options (STM) Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Hits New 12-Month High Following Analyst Upgrade Under Armour Sees Unusually High Options Volume (UAA) Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Trading 7.6% Higher on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Traders Buy High Volume of Put Options on Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Traders Buy Large Volume of Put Options on Ralph Lauren Corp (RL) Traders Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on Market Vectors Semiconductor ETF (SMH) Comtech Telecomm. Corp. (CMTL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Sidoti Initiates Coverage on Calgon Carbon Co. (CCC) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CenterState Banks Inc (CSFL) to Hold CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research CU Bancorp (CUNB) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Descartes Systems Group Inc (DSGX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Enterprise Financial Services Corp (EFSC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research HCI Group Inc (HCI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (MHLD) Earns “Buy” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) to Buy Healthcare Trust Of America Inc (HTA) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Traders Buy High Volume of Put Options on Procter & Gamble Co (PG) June 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) saw unusually large options trading activity on Friday. Traders purchased 3,732 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 292% compared to the average volume of 953 put options. In other news, insider Patrice Louvet sold 3,837 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $333,819.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 46,913 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,081,431. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Ioannis Skoufalos sold 3,879 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.17, for a total transaction of $334,253.43. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 199,891 shares of company stock worth $17,276,637. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Rikoon Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the third quarter valued at about $2,342,000. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 17.2% in the third quarter. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. now owns 468,656 shares of the company’s stock valued at $42,062,000 after buying an additional 68,727 shares during the period. Progressive Investment Management Corp raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 2.0% in the third quarter. Progressive Investment Management Corp now owns 26,920 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,416,000 after buying an additional 537 shares during the period. First Midwest Bank Trust Division raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.3% in the third quarter. First Midwest Bank Trust Division now owns 70,345 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,314,000 after buying an additional 239 shares during the period. Finally, Pictet North America Advisors SA raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 2.0% in the third quarter. Pictet North America Advisors SA now owns 11,515 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,033,000 after buying an additional 230 shares during the period. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 87.85 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $87.43 and its 200-day moving average is $87.42. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12 month low of $80.95 and a 12 month high of $92.00. The firm has a market capitalization of $224.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.15 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $15.61 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.70 billion. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The firm’s revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.86 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Friday, April 21st were issued a dividend of $0.6896 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 19th. This is a positive change from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.14%. Procter & Gamble Co’s payout ratio is 48.73%. A number of research firms recently weighed in on PG. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $101.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $98.00 target price on the stock. Vetr raised shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.80 target price on the stock in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a $93.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $92.90. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/08/traders-buy-high-volume-of-put-options-on-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us Search for: Saturday 10 June Saturday 10 June Follow @vanguardngrnews Vanguard News A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc Search for: Home News Headlines Sports Politics Business Finance Tech Motoring Entertainment Allure Videos Editorial Viewpoint Forum Jobs Columns Sports Bassey People & Politics Rational Perspectives Broken Links Article of Faith Tuesday Platform Pini Jason Talking Point Hakeem Baba-Ahmad For Crying Out Loud People & Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Sweet and Sour My Layman’s View Onochie Anibeze Tonye Princewill Crisp Shots The Passing Scene Soul Kate Stomach Democracy Sunday Perspectives My World Frankly Speaking The Orbit The Spectrum Nigeria Today Vista Woman Voice of Reason Moment to Moment Article of Faith Relationships More Breaking News Translate Home » Business » Osinbajo advocates private sector collaboration, backward integration for economic growth Osinbajo advocates private sector collaboration, backward integration for economic growth On June 10, 20172:17 amIn Business by Nwafor PolycarpComments By Moses Nosike The acting President, Yemi Osinbajo while commissioning Procter & Gamble (P&G) plant in Ogun State recently said private sector collaboration, backward integration is the way forward for Nigerian economy, even as government strives to provide conducive environment for business operation in the country. He commended the effort of the company that despite the trying times in the country continues to invest in Nigeria, saying, this has shown P&G’s commitment to grow the economy of Nigeria. “This facility will continue to go a long way supporting economic and social development in the country and investment drive of our administration. I understand P&G’s investments create 5000 direct jobs and indirect jobs and several other SMEs across our country and also help boost Ogun State revenue thereby impacting positively on the overall community and its environs”. Osinbajo said that this investment feat is in line with our policy of backward integration which is exemplified in the recently released ERGP which sets out an ambitious roadmap to return the economy to growth and to achieve a seven per cent growth rate by 2020. In addition, Ogun State Governor, Senator Ibikunle Amosun, congratulates P&G for  commissioning of femcare, (Always Ultra brand) manufacturing line with a value of US$23 million and have kept their promise made 3 years to remain in the country despite harsh economic realities. Amosun specially appreciated P&G for its cooperation with the security agencies, particularly in the provision of infrastructure. It is noteworthy to mention that P&G has been a model investor in the state since they commissioned their factory in 2014. We have seen them make social and economic contributions to the state through the completion of a 3-room office block, and the donation of security vehicle to the police and the donation of 200KVA Sound Proof Power Generator Set, to the Ministry of Health, Abeokuta H/Q in Ogun State for use as power back-up unit for Ijaiye General Hospital. In the same vein, Managing Director, P&G, George Nassar, reiterated the company’s commitment to investing in Nigeria and support this administration’s vision to grow manufacturing and diversify the Nigerian economy. Nassar said that Nigeria remains a focus area for P&G and our various activities continue contributing to economic growth. “P&G employs about 5000 people directly and indirectly with Nigerians making up over 95% of our managers locally and some on international assignments. Our social investments touch over 3 million Nigerians annually in health and education programs. Our recent partnership with UNESCO is educating 110,000 girls in the North Eastern part of the country with basic literacy and vocational training. P&G’s work in Nigeria is enabled by partnerships with government and regulatory agencies and we would like to applaud the various organizations and individuals who have worked with us in making this possible, particularly the regulatory bodies”. International Communications Representative, P&G, Tope Oluyemi said that this investment is an assurance of P&G’s commitment to continually contribute to Nigeria’s economic and social development through localisation of its products. This will in turn make Nigeria a key export hub for Africa and will further lead to creation of jobs, SME’s and development of human capital in the country. Nwafor Polycarp View all posts by Nwafor Polycarp → Previous Post Igbo quit notice: South was developed with resources from the North – NEF Next Post FNSB lauds Ambode’s support for the blind Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. Latest News 5:56 amProhibition of Open Grazing Law: PDP drums support for Benue State Govt 4:17 amIgbo quit notice: South was developed with resources from the North – NEF 4:01 amBaxter: We need a new mentality against Eagles 4:01 amSenate’s hard road to travel 3:55 amCity big boy, Donatus Okonkwo hosts MayWeather Tuesday 3:55 amEagles not unbeatable – Manyama 3:50 amNLC to International community: Conditions of Nigerian workers getting out of hand 3:48 am2018 World Cup:  England battle Scotland  on StarTimes 3:40 amSenat vows to stand against moves to divide Nigeria 3:40 amHow bomb explosion killed two kids in Adamawa 3:40 amAlleged N400m fraud: S-Court declines to stop Metuh’s trial 3:36 amNigeria lacks technology to develop agric, healthcare, security— Mmobuosi 3:35 amFame brings me negative attention from guys – Uche Ogbodo 3:32 amEastern Region in One Nigeria 3:32 amThe path of an arrow 3:31 amPrincess Kelechi Oghene launches foundation 3:26 amI had no airs as the governor’s daughter View All Sponsored men only: forget viagra,this herbal solution cure weak erection and help last 30minutes on bed And if you are still stuck in Viagra which is the trade name for Sildenafil Citrate as a solution for weak erection and... Mandela Washington Fellows in Nigeria Rolls out Competition for Students: Beyond School Community Challenge! Shocking!How Small Manhood Made Banker Lose His Wife & His Life to An Agbero! Pepsi Brought The UEFA Champions League Final To Life In Nigeria Editorial Go out, register to vote THE Continuous Voter Registration, CVR, exercise being conducted by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC,... Stop this nonsense, now! Protect schools in riverine areas Why defend a pseudo-democracy? Most Commented Igbo quit notice: I've been in Bosso for 45yrs, where do I go? - Yoruba community leader170 Igbo quit notice: You are on your own, NEF tells Ango Abdullahi217 Video: 'The north is fed up of being in the same country with these acrimonious igbo partners'33 Northern elders back Igbo quit notice27 Those that gave igbo quit notice in the north are playing with fire - FFK410 Reno's response to Ango Abdullahi's support for quit order on South-easterners20 Igbo Quit Notice: Northern Elders Forum backs Arewa youth group426 Videos Video: Igbo quit notice by Coalition of Northern Youth Groups Video: Immovable vehicle has killed over 575 people in US Video: Why asking Nigerians to leave? Video: Italians allegedly ask Nigerian footballers to pack their luggage, leave Trending Igbo Quit Notice: Northern Elders Forum backs Arewa youth group The Northern Elders’ Forum (NEF), on Friday expressed support to the call by the Coalition of Northern Youth Groups for... Quit notice to Igbo: Ijaws youths laud Middle Belt support for self determination Igbo quit notice: Police begin manhunt for signatories E-editions #Vanguardtraffic Wife sleeps with husband’s typist A 65-year-old man on Friday told an Ibadan Customary Court, sitting in Agodi, how his wife of 38 years committed adulter... Converstion with Azu Judges’ recall and Malami’s crocodile tears What is left to complete the government’s humiliation is a ceremony for the government to convey its profound apologies... Read More Oil & Gas Summiteer Senate’s hard road to travel The Chaplain of the United States Senate, Dr. Barry C. Black, is a retired Real Admiral and former United States Chief o... Read More The Hub Republics within a Republic Everything we are doing is in total contravention of the letter and spirit of ourlaws and the Constitution Read More Sweet and Sour Re: Who will protect Nigeria’s Northern Christians? The international community pretends that this situation is a tit-for-tat problem, rather than a one-sided slaughter. Me... Read More Talking Point IPOB/MASSOB: Beyond the symbolism of a struggle Were Igbo intellectuals and people of acumen not part of the Obasanjo administration? What did this do for the Igbo as a... Read More Afe for Vanguard Lowering of standards for admission into varsities: The role of JAMB, NUC and the Senate (2) LAST week I began an examination of the reasons for the drop in the standard for admission into Nigerian Universities wi... Sweet Crude Education Environment Motoring Metro Interview Labour Law & Human Rights Bus Stop Parliament Crime Guard Crime Alert Homes & Property Investors Forum Insurance and You Features Worship Conference Hall Life Style Health Travel & Tourism Human Angle Is It Beyond Pardon? The Arts Tummy Talk Woman Columns Monday Sport Bassey People And Politics Rational Perspectives Sobowale on Business Broken Links Owei Lakemfa Tuesday Femi Aribisala Dispatches from America Wednesday Talking Point For Crying Out Loud Tip of a New Dawn Thursday People Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Friday Sweet Sour Lipstick Owei Lakemfa Saturday The Passing Scene My World Frank & Fair Marriage & Family Oil & Gas Summiteer Bits & Pieces Sunday Frankly Speaking Sunday Perspectives Nigeria Today The Orbit Outside Looking In Joyful Homes Article of Faith © 2017 Vanguard Media Limited, Nigeria Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home TV News CBS, Cable Networks Start to Sell Advertising in TV’s Upfront Market (EXCLUSIVE) Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy of CBS June 9, 2017 | 01:04PM PT TV’s upfront advertising sales market is starting to move. CBS, Turner, Viacom and Discovery have begun to sell advance advertising commitments for their programming schedules, according to media buying executives and other people familiar with the tone and pace of negotiations. These people suggest CBS has been seeking mid-to-high single-digit percentage increases in the cost of reaching 1,000 viewers – a measure also known as a CPM that is central to these annual talks between TV networks and Madison Avenue. Cable networks, meanwhile, have been trying to press for CPM hikes that tuck under what they perceive broadcasters may be getting, these people said. The early-stage haggle – people caution the market has yet to get into full gear – suggests advertisers may have more leverage this year than in 2016, when big consumer-products companies like Procter & Gamble moved ad dollars that had previously been earmarked for digital media back into TV. In 2016, the broadcast networks pressed for CPM increases that ranged in the high-single digit to low double-digit percentages. In 2017, however, buyers have indicated new wariness over the migration of viewers from TV to streaming video and mobile devices. While the networks are pressing for CPM hikes of 8% to 9%, buyers say they are holding firm against the request. The nation’s five big English-language broadcast networks last year secured between $8.41 billion and $9.25 billion in advance ad commitments for primetime as part of the annual “upfront” market, according to Variety estimates –  the first time in three years they’ve managed to break the $9 billion mark. The figures, of course, represent indications of spend, not cold, hard cash. Those numbers typically show up in some form in year-end earnings reports. Related How TV Tuned in More Upfront Ad Dollars: Soap, Toothpaste and Pushy Tactics To be sure, many advertisers and networks remain in heated conversations. Walt Disney’s ABC is said to be engaged with buyers, while Fox Networks Group is leaning hard on sports programming, working to renew multi-year pacts with major sponsors of its National Football League and Major League Baseball broadcasts. Omnicom Group’s OMD and Publicis Groupe’s Publicis Media are said to be holding active discussions with various networks, while WPP’s GroupM is believed to be taking a methodical approach to the talks, holding firm against CPM hikes above a certain level. CBS, Viacom, Discovery and Turner declined to make executives available for comment. ABC and Fox did not respond to queries seeking comment. One buying executive suggested the market is not likely to move more significantly until NBCUniversal’s position is known more fully. The Comcast-owned company is selling three major sporting events – the 2018 Super Bowl, the Winter Olympics and the World Cup – and has a broad portfolio of inventory to manage. NBCUniversal is said to be seeking CPM increases in the high-single-digit percentage range. The networks face some headwinds. One executive familiar with the proceedings suggested spending by automotive manufacturers and movie studios – two categories that are significant sponsors of TV programs – is down, while ad spending from retailers is seen as “a mixed bag.” This executive said consumer-product manufacturers and alcohol marketers appeared to be spending more money in the 2017 negotiations.     Filed Under: CBS Super Bowl Commercials Tv Advertising Upfront 2017 Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Music Album Review: Katy Perry’s ‘Witness’ Film ‘Black Panther’ Reigns in New Poster Biz Jerry Seinfeld Explains Why He Didn’t Hug Kesha TV ’24: Legacy,’ ‘Sense8’ and More Canceled TV Shows (Gallery) Ian McShane Thought He Had Seen It All, Then Along Came ‘American Gods’ Playback: Sam Elliott on ‘The Hero’ and Living His Childhood Dream How Will Emmy Voters React to Bill Maher’s Racial Slur Gaffe? Whoopi Goldberg, Morgan Spurlock, Jason Blum Among Academy Candidates for Board of Governors Election Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More TV News from Variety The Power of Content The Ultimate Father's Day Gift Guide 2017 Review: A Trump-Like Julius Caesar Falls To Assassins In Central… LeBron James Had a Record-Setting Game 4 of the NBA Finals in… Nathan Fillion, Tony Hale, Others Join A Series of Unfortunate… 'Fargo' Creator Noah Hawley On Whether There Will Be a Season 4 Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo AdTech Shopper Marketing Forum Awards CASSIES Shopper Innovation Awards AToMiC Awards Marketing Awards PROMO! Awards Strategy Awards Agency of The Year Media Innovation Awards Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Tech C-Suite    ARCHIVE Home » Campaign » Time for cake (and mass advertising) Canada 150 encourages brands to dig into the archives, soak up a long-term view and find something unique to share. By Mary Maddever 16 hours ago This letter from our publisher appears in the June 2017 issue of strategy. Canada 150 came in the nick of time . . . for brand building. Our 150th triggered a marketing bash the likes of which we typically only see during home turf Olympics, where marketers step up to the plate for some old-fashioned, broad-strokes brand building. Unlike the Olympics, there’s no sponsorship barrier to join this party. And it’s a good thing. There’s been growing debate that the pendulum has swung too far in the direction of niche efforts and away from mass marketing. When Marc Pritchard said P&G had targeted too narrowly, and needed broader reach last year, it opened the floodgates in an “emperor’s new clothes” vein. Add the controversy over digital metrics reporting (and dubious content adjacency), and it’s now OK to talk about what’s been worrying many CMOs: that cutting back on mass advertising – including the uncool commercial – has impacted long-term growth for brands. At the CMDC conference this spring, marketing consultant/author Peter Field tackled the overreliance on short-term programs and reporting. Citing IPA case analysis, he argued that the industry has moved past the ideal balance of mass market, long-term strategic brand-building versus tightly targeted, sales-driven efforts. Activations work like a charm in the short term, but once the marketing mix goes from 60 (brand-building) / 40 (activation) to 50/50, long-term effectiveness falls off a cliff. In fact, the analysis showed that share of voice had actually doubled in importance in the last decade. Until recently, this has been hard to address without sounding like a dinosaur, defending “old” media. Strategy did a “What Happened to Advertising?” roundtable back in 2012. The premise: are brands missing an opportunity to reach the widest audience possible because they’re too focused on micro ones? Everyone stuck to the script about conversations and engagement versus interruption, until the youngest person in the room (who was marketing cellphones), said they needed to establish themselves as a big brand by advertising on TV or they were missing the target. Then the conversation got real, addressing how even achieving viral status doesn’t always ladder up to awareness that builds equity. We’ve seen niche programs become incredibly inventive and impactful in recent years, and play a crucial role in sales. But for many brands, the mix could use tweaking. And for brands where the balance (and budget) has permanently tipped away from mass advertising, there needs to be a continuity strategy. I’ve seen some pretty complex programs that don’t have Year Two plans, and/or marketers who are hard-pressed to explain how it fits with the brand’s USP. But there’s a lot more work in Canada that’s mastered the balance, like the AToMiC winners. And that’s why Canada150 comes at a good time. It encourages brands to dig into the archives and to soak up a really long-term view. With so many brands jumping on the 150 party bus, it also challenges marketers to find something unique to share that will genuinely matter to Canadians. And it’s a great way to flex brands’ ability to target the broadest possible audience. That may be the hardest challenge of all, considering how diverse we’ve become. Tags: AToMiC Awards 2017, Canada 150 Related Articles Naked mole rats help fight ‘sextortion’ Interac taps the power of Flash How Kruger is evolving its multicultural strategy Sobeys highlights its ties to the community To 150 years of diversity Popular Recent Featured TD gets ‘ready’ for change Inside Vice’s plans for Virtue in Canada Sport Chek puts a new face on its ads Farm Boy ‘bullish’ with expansion plans What makes a brand valuable? Careers » Screening Room » Bell’s big news campaign Ebay adds a little colour A new PSA in the war on dementia Check it out: Penningtons’ powerful song Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook ﻿ About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2017 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot June 10, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Mobile  >   How to reduce the impact of images on your mobile site speed How to reduce the impact of images on your mobile site speed Mobile 09 Jun 17 | Andy Favell Facebook0 Linkedin15 Google+9 Twitter 24 Images are the main culprit for causing oversized web pages (average size 2.2MB) that can perform slowly on mobile devices. Last week, we looked at how to optimize your mobile site speed and test for issues that might be slowing your site down. With Google placing more and more emphasis on mobile site speed and user experience in order to achieve a good ranking, discovering issues with your mobile site speed is critical. But how can you fix those issues once you’re there? This column, the second of three, will discuss the different ways to reduce the impact of images on the performance of your mobile site.   You need to fix your mobile image problem. You are not alone. As detailed in my previous column, the average mobile webpage is now a ludicrous 2.2MB and this can severely impede how quickly the page loads on a mobile device. At 68% of total page weight, images are the main culprit. This column will look at the different ways to reduce the impact of image on the performance of your website. For those you like a step-by-step approach, here are ten steps to speedy mobile web pages. Speed test: how fast site loads on mobile device; causes of delay. Test image impact: do images improve or kill user experience. Image policy: review company policy on images; educate everyone. Image audit: evaluate number, format, size, situation, impact. Cut the fat: remove images that do not add value. Image impact: make images work harder. Balancing images with accessibility. Optimize images: right format, right size. Alternative techniques: for icons and buttons. Even more speed: web design techniques. Steps 1-4 were mostly covered in Part 1. This column will concentrate on steps 5-7. Part 3 will concentrate on steps 8-10. Cut the fat The first and easiest step to improving page speed is to remove unnecessary images. If images do not add value and are taking up valuable real estate get rid of them. Crappy stock image just there to fill space? Be gone. When you are auditing your existing pages or creating a new one, ask: does this image justify: The space it takes up on the mobile screen? Adding 30KB, 50KB, 100KB etc. to the page size? Robert Gaines, a Kansas, US-based, web and app developer, advises: “Before you add an image to a webpage, decide if you really need it; if it really adds value. Every image that you add slows the webpage down, impacting both user experience and search rankings. If you don’t need an image, cut the fat! Slider images are a great example of images that can be cut from a webpage. Studies have shown that sliders do not have a significantly positive impact on either conversions or user experience – they are unnecessary bloat.” Use heatmaps, user testing and A/B testing (covered in Part 1 of this series) to assess the impact your images are having on the users. Is it positive, negligible or negative? Images that count Once you have illuminated the images that don’t add value, concentrate on making the remaining images work harder for their pixels/KBs. Raluca Budiu, Director of Research at Nielsen Norman Group, says: “As web images can take longer to load on mobile devices, it is usually a good idea if they contain information, and are not purely decorative. Users rarely appreciate a pretty picture that is unrelated to an article. Ecommerce sites, in particular need good images — people can rarely make a buying decision if they cannot see the product well.” Case study: Unilever mobile-ready hero images One company that has really flung its weight behind making images more useful is Unilever. Working with Cambridge University Inclusive Design team, the company has redesigned all product shots for all its brands to make them easier for web customers to instantly recognize and pick the right product, just using visual recognition, as they speed through any retailer’s catalogue of products “Vegas style” (i.e. spinning through results like the reels on a slot machine). The idea is that by highlighting the essential details – brand, product type, size and quantity – on the image, shoppers don’t have to read the copy for every product. In case you were wondering, a hero image is the term given to the fat clickable/tappable banner image, often on a carousel, at the top of homepages (particularly), featuring a new product, promotion etc. and a call to action. Mobile-Ready Hero Images are the smaller thumbnail images found on a page of product listings either in a category or following a search for e.g. men’s deodorant. Oliver Bradley, Global eCommerce Experience Design Director at Unilever, explains: “Mobile-Ready Hero Images were created specifically for online retail to act as the primary image in search / favorites thumbnail results. They are designed to work well on all screen sizes that are typical for online retail (16mm on mobile, 23mm on tablet and 48mm on laptop / desktop). They allow the online shopper to better recognize brand, format, variant and size as they are perform that fast vertical scroll which is typical behavior when scanning through long lists of products on a mobile or tablet. The images can be zoomed and/or cropped to deliver better legibility & recognition of brand and variant esp. on portrait packs. If required brands can add the size of the product or number of contents in the bottom right-hand corner. If necessary, the type of product may be added as a stripe on the right-hand side (portrait packs), or as a stripe along the bottom (landscape packs). Makes better use of space than with a conventional packet shot.” First introduced in 2014, Unilever has moved rapidly to convince retailers in 20 countries – including many of the retail giants e.g. Walmart, CVS, Walgreens, Tesco and Carrefour – to introduce the enhanced imagery to their e/m-commerce sites. With some retailers, such as Asda.com (Walmart’s UK subsidiary), every Unilever product is now marketed with a Mobile-Ready Hero Image. What’s more, Unilever, with the Cambridge team, have turned Mobile-Ready Hero Images into a standard: available open source and free for any competitor to pick up. And many of Unilever’s biggest competitors have done just that, says Bradley: “We realized that we needed to create a versatile category solution with the same visual architecture and consistency across the board. Since doing this we’ve been pleased to see L’Oréal, GSK, P&G, Kellogg’s, Kimberly Clark and J&J follow our approach.” The image below displays two screenshots. The first captures a deodorant search from Walmart.com, showing two Unilever brands with hero images with the product type and size alongside the product shot. With the two rival products, it is more difficult to establish the type of product or the size, without zooming in on the product. As Walmart does not include these details in the blurb, this makes the hero images doubly useful. The second image captures a shampoo search from Asda.com, showing a Unilever product (TreSemme), a P&G product (Herbal Essences), both using the hero image. The third product, also a P&G brand (Pantene) does not use a hero image. While the hero images are considerably more high-impact, Asda does include the product type and size in the blurb… assuming that the consumer reads it. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin15 Google+9 Twitter 24 Related articles Accelerated Mobile Pages vs Facebook Instant Articles: Is Google winning the mobile war? How to optimize your mobile site speed: Testing for issues Voice search: A digital space race Optimizing for voice assistants: Why actions speak louder than words So what’s the impact on UX? At the start of the project, Unilever and the Cambridge team conducted quantitative research (i.e. interviews and surveys) with 3000 shoppers in and then verified their findings/work by conducted eye tracking tests with more than 100 shoppers, to watch how they interacted with the site and images using mobile devices on mobile to verify. This user testing put Unilever in a good position to rebut any doubters from the retail business. “Some retailers argue pack shots are necessary for e-commerce, because the text description next to the pack shot provides all the information that cannot be obtained from the photograph. But we know from eye tracking that 90% of the e-commerce page is ignored. We know that the majority of shoppers don’t bother to check the product name, size or format on retailers’ websites or apps. That’s why nearly every shopper we interviewed had a story of accidentally buying a product online that turned out to be not as expected (especially on size). If a pack looks similar to the one their used to, they don’t bother to check the text to verify. The point of online grocery is convenience and saving time. It’s about selecting a large number of products as quickly as they can. Because you don’t have to check the text with hero images, it makes shopping even faster. We know this is true from the conversions the hero image have delivered. The A/B test results have been amazing: a 24% lift on Magnum, a 19% lift on Simple, and a 4% lift on Ben & Jerry’s.” Accessibility The biggest issue for any sort of image, but particularly an image that contains important textual data, is that that they are invisible to people with visual impairments. People who don’t see well or at all, use screen-readers to read the text on the site aloud. There’s nothing wrong with using images, or hero images for that point, but it is essential that the content in the image should be either written in the web copy and/or in alt tags (these tags describe the image to a screen reader, but are invisible to the able-bodied reader). Generally, accessibility experts frown on the use of text being placed within an images, because screen readers are blind to the data it contains. This is why, for example, it is preferable from an accessibility point of view to prepare tables of data as an html table, rather than simply uploading an image of the table – but this will always take additional time and usually won’t look as good. Marco Zehe is an accessibility evangelist and QA engineer at Mozilla: “Mobile images need alt text, just like for the desktop, of course. But it helps if the images are responsive, because people with low vision or elderly people will benefit from them zooming better. “However screen readers do not do image recognition on the web, yet, so if there is text on the image, this is will be inaccessible. In principle, text on images should be avoided. But if the text helps clarify a photo, especially for people with low vision, and as long as it is only duplicating what is said in the copy and in the alt text, this is acceptable.” So, if text genuinely adds value to an image, as is the case with Mobile-Ready Hero Images, then it is safe to assume this is acceptable, as long as it is duplicated in the copy and the alt tag. So looking back to our Walmart and Asda examples pictured above: The source code for the Dove deodorant on Walmart contains the alt text: “Dove Men+Care Extra Fresh Deodorant, 3 oz, Twin Pack”, which describes the product, size and quantity. The page copy describes the product, but does not include size or quantity. The source code for the TRESemme Shampoo on Asda contains alt text: “TRESemme Moisture Rich Shampoo Rollback”, which describes the product, and offer, but not the size. The shopper needs to click through to discover this information.   This article is Part 2 of a three-part series on how to optimize your mobile site speed. Check back next week for Part 3, which looks at how to refine and reformat your mobile site images. Or read the previous instalment: How to optimize your mobile site speed: Testing for issues. This column was originally published on our sister site, ClickZ, and has been reproduced here for the enjoyment of our audience on SEW.   Andy Favell is Search Engine Watch’s columnist on mobile. He is a London-based freelance mobile/digital consultant, journalist and web editor. Contact him via LinkedIn or Twitter at Andy_Favell.   Andy Favell is a writer for Search Engine Watch, web editor and mobile/digital consultant. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading How video impacts mobile web performance and UX, part 3: detecting and remedying issues This column will explore how to detect, avoid and remedy issues with mobile video, to give your viewers the best possible experience with your video content and keep them engaged and watching your videos. Mobile Video 26 May 17 | Andy Favell Google I/O: What’s going on with Progressive Web Apps? At Google's developer jamboree, Google I/O, last week the search giant paraded a host of big name case studies and compelling stats to herald its success with two initiatives to make the mobile web better and faster: Progressive Web Apps (PWA) and Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP). Events Mobile 23 May 17 | Andy Favell How video impacts mobile web performance and UX, part 2: autoplay and audio Mobile video is a major up-and-coming trend in content, with brands everywhere converging on the new and lucrative mobile video market. In Part 2 of our three-part series, we'll look at the contentious subject of autoplaying videos and their impact on mobile webpage performance, as well as how audio can delay page speed. Mobile Video 19 May 17 | Andy Favell How marketers can position their company to grow with Generation Z Compared to millennials, who were mobile pioneers, Gen Z teens - current 13-17 year olds - are mobile natives. A report by Think With Google has shed some light onto their habits, preferences, and what type of marketing they respond to best. Industry Mobile 15 May 17 | Amanda DiSilvestro Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/06/09/how-to-reduce-the-impact-of-images-on-your-mobile-site-speed/ Send × Want to stay on top of mobile marketing trends? Get top insights and news from our mobile marketing experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 James Comey Cow Slaughter Exam results 2017 News Technology News CoursePlay collaborates with iSpring to offer e-learning tools Shares0 Fri, 9 Jun 2017-06:23pm , ANI Cloud-based software CoursePlay on Friday announced its strategic alliance with iSpring Solutions, a US-based technology leader in the e-learning industry. iSpring, which offers end-to-end e-learning authoring tools, is a full-featured Learning Management System and PPT conversion technology for organizations. As part of this collaboration, users of CoursePlay will be entitled to access the professionally advanced and interactive e-learning content of iSpring Solutions at discounted prices. Headquartered in Alexandria, VA, iSpring Solutions provides high-quality software products to more than 40,000 people across 13,000+ companies from across the world for organizing e-learning, and for the creation of training courses, presentations, and tests. DELL, Bosch, SAP, Harvard University, Yale, BASF, GE, P&G, Adidas, Rolls Royce, Novartis are few of the top global businesses using the software products of iSpring. By joining hands with such a global leader in technology-enabled learning solutions, CoursePlay aims to open up new possibilities for digital content development to meet the needs of the domestic customers. ?Digitization, AI, and globalization are disrupting the existing state of affairs in every industry at an exceptional pace, which makes the future uncertain yet bountiful in terms of opportunities for those who are ready to adapt. While large economies like the US are already ahead in such disruptive cycles in business and technology by making strategic investments in cloud-based authoring tools and e-learning platforms, India has a long way to go,? said CEO CoursePlay, Arjun Gupta. Adding to this he said that the motive is to support the country to rise to the same level as the developed nations and help businesses improve their competitiveness. By partnering with iSpring we will be giving our clients access to high-quality e-learning tools and will also assist them in making purchases, delivery, training, and support of iSpring products. ?Rapid global technological development and the ever-rising competition is increasingly driving the need to use efficient tools as well as ready-to-use solutions. By establishing this association with CoursePlay, we are excited to expand our business in the Indian market to better meet the requirements and needs of organizations and empower the learning professionals to stay competitive and ahead of the curve,? added iSpring Solutions spokesperson. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Galti se Mistake from Jagga Jasoos: Did you spot this director making a cameo in Ranbir Kapoor's song?   Comments   Also Read Technology Chinese Apple staff suspected of selling private data Technology Are you ready for robot doctors? Mobile Motorola Moto Z2 Play launched in India: Price, Specifications and more Mobile Apple iPhone 6 is cheaper than ever on Flipkart! Mobile Moto Z2 Play to launch in India today at 12PM: Watch the live stream here Technology Facebook launches disaster maps to help aid workers save lives < Previous ArticleNext Article > Galti se Mistake from Jagga Jasoos: Did you spot this director making a cameo in Ranbir Kapoor's song? Live Cricket Score England vs Australia Sat, 10 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Related Facebook launches features to connect US users to elected officials China making 'preliminary' preparations to send man to the moon Siri and WeChat may put you at voice hacking risk, explains new study Video WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation View all Tags United States Adidas Alexandria BASF Dell Harvard University Novartis SAP GE Arjun Gupta Bosch Learning Management System P&G Rolls Royce Yale SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Militant killed as Army foils infiltration bid in J-K's Gurez Chouhan sits on fast in Bhopal 'for restoration of peace' Tantric arrested for 14-year-old Kannauj girl's rape, murder Iran says arrests seven suspects linked to Tehran attacks Militant killed as Army foils infiltration bid in Gurez sector of Kashmir Sports 7th Senior National Hockey C'ship-PSPB thrash Hockey Rajasthan 11-0 We desperately want to win against Kyrgyz Republic, says Sunil Chhetri Rashid's magic help Afghanistan rout Windies in St. Lucia Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, June 10 NBA-Warriors confident in ability to bounce back from Game 4 loss Entertainment 'Game of Thrones' Season 7 episodes run-time revealed Lionel Richie 'feared' knee injury would end his career Amanda Bynes explains her 'I want Drake to Murder my Vina' tweet Tom Hardy devastated by his dog's demise: 'He was only six' Aamir Khan's love for me is very deep Ranbir Kapoor Business China condemns EU for new steel anti-dumping duties Norway oil workers agree wage deal, ending threat of strike Norway negotiators work overtime to avert oil strike Demonetisation led to 'great movement' towards digitisation: SBI’s share sale draws bids of Rs 27,000 cr from institutions Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by DecisionDatabases Electric Toothbrush Market Report 2017 explores Philips Sonicare, Oral-B (P & G), Panasonic, Colgate, Wellness Oral Care, Interplak Electric Toothbrush Market Report offered by DecisionDatabases.com gives a market overview of the Electric Toothbrush industry which covers product scope, market revenue, opportunities, growth rate, sales volumes and figures. The report also explores the worldwide players of the market and is segmented by region, type and application with forecast to 2022. An electric toothbrush is a toothbrush that makes rapid, automatic bristle motions, either back-and-forth oscillation or rotation-oscillation (where the brush head alternates clockwise and counterclockwise rotation), in order to clean teeth. Motions at sonic speeds or below are made by a motor. In the case of ultrasonic toothbrushes, ultrasonic motions are produced by a piezoelectric crystal. A modern electric toothbrush is usually powered by a rechargeable battery charged through inductive charging when the brush sits in the charging base between uses. This report focuses on the Electric Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Browse the complete report and table of contents @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/17694-electric-toothbrush-market-analysis-report Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Philips Sonicare, Oral-B (P & G), Panasonic, Colgate, Wellness Oral Care, Interplak(Conair), Church & Dwight(Arm & Hammer), Lion, Waterpik, Lebond, Ningbo Seago Electric, Risun Technology, SEASTAR Corporation, Minimum, Dretec, JSB Healthcare, Brush Buddies, AEG, Sonic Chic, Brio Product Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.), Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers Rechargeable, Battery Download Free Sample Report of Global Electric Toothbrush Market @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-17694 There are 15 Chapters to deeply display the global Electric Toothbrush market. Chapter 1, to describe Electric Toothbrush Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Electric Toothbrush, with sales, revenue, and price of Electric Toothbrush, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Electric Toothbrush, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Electric Toothbrush market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Electric Toothbrush sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source. Purchase the complete Global Electric Toothbrush Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-17694 Other Reports by DecisionDatabases.com: Global Synthetic Resin Teeth Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/14646-synthetic-resin-teeth-market-analysis-report About-Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Inferior Vena Cava (IVC) Filter Market 2017 Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Historic Growth, Trends, Strategies and Key Competitor Shares to 2021 Next PostNext Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Management Devices Market 2017: Top Company, Industry Trends by Key Players, Manufacturing Process, Raw Materials, Cost and Revenue 2021 Posted on 9 June 2017 by DecisionDatabases Electric Toothbrush Market Report 2017 explores Philips Sonicare, Oral-B (P & G), Panasonic, Colgate, Wellness Oral Care, Interplak Electric Toothbrush Market Report offered by DecisionDatabases.com gives a market overview of the Electric Toothbrush industry which covers product scope, market revenue, opportunities, growth rate, sales volumes and figures. The report also explores the worldwide players of the market and is segmented by region, type and application with forecast to 2022. An electric toothbrush is a toothbrush that makes rapid, automatic bristle motions, either back-and-forth oscillation or rotation-oscillation (where the brush head alternates clockwise and counterclockwise rotation), in order to clean teeth. Motions at sonic speeds or below are made by a motor. In the case of ultrasonic toothbrushes, ultrasonic motions are produced by a piezoelectric crystal. A modern electric toothbrush is usually powered by a rechargeable battery charged through inductive charging when the brush sits in the charging base between uses. This report focuses on the Electric Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Browse the complete report and table of contents @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/17694-electric-toothbrush-market-analysis-report Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Philips Sonicare, Oral-B (P & G), Panasonic, Colgate, Wellness Oral Care, Interplak(Conair), Church & Dwight(Arm & Hammer), Lion, Waterpik, Lebond, Ningbo Seago Electric, Risun Technology, SEASTAR Corporation, Minimum, Dretec, JSB Healthcare, Brush Buddies, AEG, Sonic Chic, Brio Product Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.), Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers Rechargeable, Battery Download Free Sample Report of Global Electric Toothbrush Market @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-17694 There are 15 Chapters to deeply display the global Electric Toothbrush market. Chapter 1, to describe Electric Toothbrush Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Electric Toothbrush, with sales, revenue, and price of Electric Toothbrush, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Electric Toothbrush, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Electric Toothbrush market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Electric Toothbrush sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source. Purchase the complete Global Electric Toothbrush Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-17694 Other Reports by DecisionDatabases.com: Global Synthetic Resin Teeth Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/14646-synthetic-resin-teeth-market-analysis-report About-Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Inferior Vena Cava (IVC) Filter Market 2017 Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Historic Growth, Trends, Strategies and Key Competitor Shares to 2021 Next PostNext Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Management Devices Market 2017: Top Company, Industry Trends by Key Players, Manufacturing Process, Raw Materials, Cost and Revenue 2021 Posted on 9 June 2017 by DecisionDatabases Electric Toothbrush Market Report 2017 explores Philips Sonicare, Oral-B (P & G), Panasonic, Colgate, Wellness Oral Care, Interplak Electric Toothbrush Market Report offered by DecisionDatabases.com gives a market overview of the Electric Toothbrush industry which covers product scope, market revenue, opportunities, growth rate, sales volumes and figures. The report also explores the worldwide players of the market and is segmented by region, type and application with forecast to 2022. An electric toothbrush is a toothbrush that makes rapid, automatic bristle motions, either back-and-forth oscillation or rotation-oscillation (where the brush head alternates clockwise and counterclockwise rotation), in order to clean teeth. Motions at sonic speeds or below are made by a motor. In the case of ultrasonic toothbrushes, ultrasonic motions are produced by a piezoelectric crystal. A modern electric toothbrush is usually powered by a rechargeable battery charged through inductive charging when the brush sits in the charging base between uses. This report focuses on the Electric Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Browse the complete report and table of contents @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/17694-electric-toothbrush-market-analysis-report Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Philips Sonicare, Oral-B (P & G), Panasonic, Colgate, Wellness Oral Care, Interplak(Conair), Church & Dwight(Arm & Hammer), Lion, Waterpik, Lebond, Ningbo Seago Electric, Risun Technology, SEASTAR Corporation, Minimum, Dretec, JSB Healthcare, Brush Buddies, AEG, Sonic Chic, Brio Product Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.), Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers Rechargeable, Battery Download Free Sample Report of Global Electric Toothbrush Market @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-17694 There are 15 Chapters to deeply display the global Electric Toothbrush market. Chapter 1, to describe Electric Toothbrush Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Electric Toothbrush, with sales, revenue, and price of Electric Toothbrush, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Electric Toothbrush, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Electric Toothbrush market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Electric Toothbrush sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source. Purchase the complete Global Electric Toothbrush Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-17694 Other Reports by DecisionDatabases.com: Global Synthetic Resin Teeth Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/14646-synthetic-resin-teeth-market-analysis-report About-Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Inferior Vena Cava (IVC) Filter Market 2017 Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Historic Growth, Trends, Strategies and Key Competitor Shares to 2021 Next PostNext Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Management Devices Market 2017: Top Company, Industry Trends by Key Players, Manufacturing Process, Raw Materials, Cost and Revenue 2021 Posted on 9 June 2017 by DecisionDatabases Electric Toothbrush Market Report 2017 explores Philips Sonicare, Oral-B (P & G), Panasonic, Colgate, Wellness Oral Care, Interplak Electric Toothbrush Market Report offered by DecisionDatabases.com gives a market overview of the Electric Toothbrush industry which covers product scope, market revenue, opportunities, growth rate, sales volumes and figures. The report also explores the worldwide players of the market and is segmented by region, type and application with forecast to 2022. An electric toothbrush is a toothbrush that makes rapid, automatic bristle motions, either back-and-forth oscillation or rotation-oscillation (where the brush head alternates clockwise and counterclockwise rotation), in order to clean teeth. Motions at sonic speeds or below are made by a motor. In the case of ultrasonic toothbrushes, ultrasonic motions are produced by a piezoelectric crystal. A modern electric toothbrush is usually powered by a rechargeable battery charged through inductive charging when the brush sits in the charging base between uses. This report focuses on the Electric Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Browse the complete report and table of contents @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/17694-electric-toothbrush-market-analysis-report Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Philips Sonicare, Oral-B (P & G), Panasonic, Colgate, Wellness Oral Care, Interplak(Conair), Church & Dwight(Arm & Hammer), Lion, Waterpik, Lebond, Ningbo Seago Electric, Risun Technology, SEASTAR Corporation, Minimum, Dretec, JSB Healthcare, Brush Buddies, AEG, Sonic Chic, Brio Product Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.), Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers Rechargeable, Battery Download Free Sample Report of Global Electric Toothbrush Market @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-17694 There are 15 Chapters to deeply display the global Electric Toothbrush market. Chapter 1, to describe Electric Toothbrush Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Electric Toothbrush, with sales, revenue, and price of Electric Toothbrush, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Electric Toothbrush, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Electric Toothbrush market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Electric Toothbrush sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source. Purchase the complete Global Electric Toothbrush Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-17694 Other Reports by DecisionDatabases.com: Global Synthetic Resin Teeth Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/14646-synthetic-resin-teeth-market-analysis-report About-Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Inferior Vena Cava (IVC) Filter Market 2017 Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Historic Growth, Trends, Strategies and Key Competitor Shares to 2021 Next PostNext Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Management Devices Market 2017: Top Company, Industry Trends by Key Players, Manufacturing Process, Raw Materials, Cost and Revenue 2021 Posted on 9 June 2017 by DecisionDatabases Electric Toothbrush Market Report 2017 explores Philips Sonicare, Oral-B (P & G), Panasonic, Colgate, Wellness Oral Care, Interplak Electric Toothbrush Market Report offered by DecisionDatabases.com gives a market overview of the Electric Toothbrush industry which covers product scope, market revenue, opportunities, growth rate, sales volumes and figures. The report also explores the worldwide players of the market and is segmented by region, type and application with forecast to 2022. An electric toothbrush is a toothbrush that makes rapid, automatic bristle motions, either back-and-forth oscillation or rotation-oscillation (where the brush head alternates clockwise and counterclockwise rotation), in order to clean teeth. Motions at sonic speeds or below are made by a motor. In the case of ultrasonic toothbrushes, ultrasonic motions are produced by a piezoelectric crystal. A modern electric toothbrush is usually powered by a rechargeable battery charged through inductive charging when the brush sits in the charging base between uses. This report focuses on the Electric Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Browse the complete report and table of contents @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/17694-electric-toothbrush-market-analysis-report Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Philips Sonicare, Oral-B (P & G), Panasonic, Colgate, Wellness Oral Care, Interplak(Conair), Church & Dwight(Arm & Hammer), Lion, Waterpik, Lebond, Ningbo Seago Electric, Risun Technology, SEASTAR Corporation, Minimum, Dretec, JSB Healthcare, Brush Buddies, AEG, Sonic Chic, Brio Product Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.), Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers Rechargeable, Battery Download Free Sample Report of Global Electric Toothbrush Market @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-17694 There are 15 Chapters to deeply display the global Electric Toothbrush market. Chapter 1, to describe Electric Toothbrush Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Electric Toothbrush, with sales, revenue, and price of Electric Toothbrush, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Electric Toothbrush, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Electric Toothbrush market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Electric Toothbrush sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source. Purchase the complete Global Electric Toothbrush Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-17694 Other Reports by DecisionDatabases.com: Global Synthetic Resin Teeth Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/14646-synthetic-resin-teeth-market-analysis-report About-Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Inferior Vena Cava (IVC) Filter Market 2017 Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Historic Growth, Trends, Strategies and Key Competitor Shares to 2021 Next PostNext Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Management Devices Market 2017: Top Company, Industry Trends by Key Players, Manufacturing Process, Raw Materials, Cost and Revenue 2021 Search Recent Posts Global SaaS Based HRM Market Trends, Challenges and Growth Drivers Analysis 2022 Universal Grease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Alginic Acid (CAS 9005-38-3) Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Learn details of the Global PSD2 and Open Banking Market: growth with CAGR in forecast-2022 Global Metal Deactivator Market – Analysis and Trends RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign in PUBLICATION Combined FCBJ WCBJ WAG Magazine Industries Economic Development Arts & Leisure Banking & Finance Construction Courts Economic Development Economy Education Energy Food & Beverage Government Health Care Hospitality & Tourism Manufacturing Mergers & Acquisitions Nonprofits Real Estate Retail Small Business Technology Transportation Features Contributors Hers In the Valley Making it Young Meet A Master Good Things Happening In the Family In America Off Hours Tracking VIDEOS News Videos LISTS/BIZ DIR. Weekly Lists Books of Lists Biz Directory Sales Leads Plaques & Awards MEMBERS Westchester & Fairfield Business Journal Digital Paper Archives Records Section Book of Lists Weekly Lists Sales Leads New SUBSCRIBE Become a Member Digital Free Trial Print Free Trial EVENTS Upcoming Events Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Saturday, June 10, 2017 Sign in / Join Advertise Contact 0 items$0.00 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Westfair Communications PUBLICATION Combined FCBJ WCBJ WAG Magazine Industries Economic Development Arts & Leisure Banking & Finance Construction Courts Economic Development Economy Education Energy Food & Beverage Government Health Care Hospitality & Tourism Manufacturing Mergers & Acquisitions Nonprofits Real Estate Retail Small Business Technology Transportation Features Contributors Hers In the Valley Making it Young Meet A Master Good Things Happening In the Family In America Off Hours Tracking VIDEOS News Videos LISTS/BIZ DIR. Weekly Lists Books of Lists Biz Directory Sales Leads Plaques & Awards MEMBERS Westchester & Fairfield Business Journal Digital Paper Archives Records Section Book of Lists Weekly Lists Sales Leads New SUBSCRIBE Become a Member Digital Free Trial Print Free Trial EVENTS Upcoming Events Home Education Church Hill Classics builds momentum one frame at a time Education Fairfield Hers Fairfield Latest News Manufacturing Small Business Church Hill Classics builds momentum one frame at a time By Kevin Zimmerman - June 9, 2017 SHARE Facebook Twitter Lucie Voves of Church Hill Classics. Photo by Kevin Zimmerman With graduation season in full swing, Lucie Voves has her hands full. “It’s definitely a busy time for us,” she said with a laugh. “From the middle of March to mid-June, we’re working at full capacity. It’s like a giant mountain peak that we have to be prepared for.” Voves is the founder, president and CEO of Church Hill Classics, a manufacturer of custom diploma frames, certificate frames, varsity letter frames, photo frames and desk accessories at 594 Pepper St. in Monroe. Since the company was formed in 1991, it has manufactured over 1 million frames for its customers and expects to hit the 2 million mark by 2020. It manufactures about 120,000 frames a year, Voves said. Christmastime is actually the company’s highest peak time in terms of orders, she said, “but that’s a much shorter time than graduation season.” The somewhat quizzical company name was derived from her starting the business in Newtown, where Church Hill Road is one of the main thoroughfares. A graduate of Dartmouth College, Voves was working as a brand manager at Procter & Gamble when the idea came to her that college diplomas – “which represent something that people are deservedly proud of” – were often simply lacquered to a plaque. “I thought a custom-made frame that could employ school seals, colors, athletic logos and the like would add value to such an important achievement,” she said. Initially operating out of her basement in Newtown, Voves was soon “peddling frames at Dartmouth graduations” and found that many customers appreciated the craftsmanship involved. Partnering with Dartmouth’s college bookstore, Church Hill Classics soon began making similar deals with other colleges and universities. Quickly outgrowing her “bootstrap operation” in Newtown, the company moved first to Danbury in 1998 and in 2007 to its current home in Monroe, a 47,000-square-foot facility that employs 95 people, roughly 80 percent of whom are women. Today the company has agreements with about 1,500 colleges and universities and is a licensed vendor for the various branches of the military. Voves said the company adds 50 to 100 institutions every year, with roughly half of its orders coming from college bookstores and the other 50 percent from its website, DiplomaFrame.com. “Church Hill Classics was a totally made-up name,” she said. “By the time the Internet boom arrived we’d already established our brand identity … but we needed a name that was immediately recognizable for our website.” The company has been steadily growing, with revenues of $11.7 million last year. Voves said Church Hill is on pace to hit about $12.5 million this year. Voves added that the differentiator between Church Hill and such industry Goliaths as Jostens – which are sometimes displayed next to her company’s wares in college bookstores – is that “we’ve established ourselves as a category leader through our craftsmanship, the fact that we custom-make every frame, and our turnaround time.” That time is five days, she said, even during peak periods. As a member of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s WasteWise Program, most of Church Hill Classics’ frames are produced with renewable woods, and the manufacturer offers a selection of frames that are made with 100 percent recycled American wood. “We want to be responsible corporate citizens,” Voves said. “Being in a college industry, there are high standards we want to maintain in order to produce something that graduates and the colleges themselves can take pride in.” The company also emphasizes its products are American made. “‘Made in the U.S.A.’ is an important part of what we do,” Voves said. She said that she encourages employees to explore additional skills, rather than be confined to one job. “A lot of our production employees have moved into IT and website management, purchasing and other functions,” Voves said. “We try to understand each person’s strengths and interests. I don’t know if that kind of thing happens at other companies.” TAGS Church Hill Classics Danbury DiplomaFrame.com Lucie Voves Monroe Newtown Previous articleDevelopers pitch plans (and hopes for tax breaks) in Mount Vernon Next articleCBIA chief: Lack of state budget dilutes confidence in Connecticut Kevin Zimmerman RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Fairfield Connecticut approves three more conditions for medical marijuana treatment Fairfield Tesla shareholders reject CT’s attempt to tell it how to elect its board Economic Development CBIA chief: Lack of state budget dilutes confidence in Connecticut LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Please enter your comment! Please enter your name here You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here LATEST NEWS Connecticut approves three more conditions for medical marijuana treatment June 9, 2017 Tesla shareholders reject CT’s attempt to tell it how to elect... June 9, 2017 CBIA chief: Lack of state budget dilutes confidence in Connecticut June 9, 2017 Church Hill Classics builds momentum one frame at a time June 9, 2017 New Rochelle contractor charged in home repair scheme June 9, 2017 Facebook Twitter Youtube ABOUT MEMBERS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE CONTACT © Copyright Westfair Business Publications
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Beauty and Personal Care in US Market by Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Orbis Research released a new research report on title “Beauty and Personal Care in the US” Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The overall US Beauty and Personal Care Market saw a moderate performance in 2016, with value sales up by 3% in constant terms. The US economy as a whole remained stable but lacklustre in 2016, limiting consumer spending on beauty and personal care products. Nevertheless, the state of the US economy during the year represented an improvement on the recent years of economic recession, resulting in a stronger performance than the review period’s 2% constant value CAGR. Nevertheless, consumers are… Download PDF Sample of Beauty and Personal Care in US Market@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/318017 Beauty and Personal Care in USA report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data 2012-2016, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. Forecasts to 2021 illustrate how the market is set to change. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/beauty-and-personal-care-in-the-us Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Data coverage: market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data.   Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.   Place Purchase Order for this Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/318017   LIST OF CONTENTS AND TABLES Executive Summary US Beauty and Personal Care Market Grows in 2016 Despite Economic Slowdown Purchasing Power of Millennials Increases, Driving Trends in the Industry Major Players Undertake Divestments and Acquisitions To Remain Competitive New Launches Heavily Feature Botanical Ingredients Beauty and Personal Care Expected To Experience Moderate Continued Growth Key Trends and Developments New Technologies Engage Consumers With Product Recommendations and Education Focus on Botanical Ingredients Drives Growth of Multifunctional Products Transformation of the Retail Landscape Offers Opportunities for Rapid Growth   Market Data Table 1 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 2 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 3 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 4 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 5 GBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 6 NBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 7 LBN Brand Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 8 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 9 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 10 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 11 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 12 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 13 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 14 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 15 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021   Sources Summary 1 Research Sources Estée Lauder Cos Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 2 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Key Facts Summary 3 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 4 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Competitive Position 2016 L’Oréal USA Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 5 L’Oréal USA Inc: Key Facts Summary 6 L’Oréal USA Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 7 L’Oréal USA Inc: Competitive Position 2016 Procter & Gamble Co, the in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 8 The Procter and Gamble Co: Key Facts Summary 9 The Procter and Gamble Co: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 10 The Procter & Gamble Co.: Competitive Position 2016 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 11 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Key Facts Summary 12 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Operational Indicators Company Background Chart 1 ULTA, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc: ULTA Beauty in Chicago, Illinois Internet Strategy Private Label Summary 13 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Private Label Portfolio Competitive Positioning Summary 14 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Competitive Position 2016 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 16 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 17 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 18 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 19 NBO Company Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2012-2016 Table 20 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 21 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Skin Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 22 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Sun Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 23 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 24 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 25 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 26 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 27 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 28 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 29 Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 30 NBO Company Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2012-2016 Table 31 LBN Brand Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 32 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 33 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 34 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 35 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021   About Us: Orbis Research is a single point aid for all your Market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required Market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Apparel and Footwear 2017 Market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Next PostNext Micro Guide Catheter Sales Market Size 2017, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Beauty and Personal Care in US Market by Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Orbis Research released a new research report on title “Beauty and Personal Care in the US” Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The overall US Beauty and Personal Care Market saw a moderate performance in 2016, with value sales up by 3% in constant terms. The US economy as a whole remained stable but lacklustre in 2016, limiting consumer spending on beauty and personal care products. Nevertheless, the state of the US economy during the year represented an improvement on the recent years of economic recession, resulting in a stronger performance than the review period’s 2% constant value CAGR. Nevertheless, consumers are… Download PDF Sample of Beauty and Personal Care in US Market@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/318017 Beauty and Personal Care in USA report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data 2012-2016, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. Forecasts to 2021 illustrate how the market is set to change. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/beauty-and-personal-care-in-the-us Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Data coverage: market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data.   Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.   Place Purchase Order for this Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/318017   LIST OF CONTENTS AND TABLES Executive Summary US Beauty and Personal Care Market Grows in 2016 Despite Economic Slowdown Purchasing Power of Millennials Increases, Driving Trends in the Industry Major Players Undertake Divestments and Acquisitions To Remain Competitive New Launches Heavily Feature Botanical Ingredients Beauty and Personal Care Expected To Experience Moderate Continued Growth Key Trends and Developments New Technologies Engage Consumers With Product Recommendations and Education Focus on Botanical Ingredients Drives Growth of Multifunctional Products Transformation of the Retail Landscape Offers Opportunities for Rapid Growth   Market Data Table 1 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 2 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 3 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 4 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 5 GBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 6 NBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 7 LBN Brand Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 8 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 9 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 10 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 11 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 12 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 13 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 14 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 15 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021   Sources Summary 1 Research Sources Estée Lauder Cos Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 2 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Key Facts Summary 3 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 4 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Competitive Position 2016 L’Oréal USA Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 5 L’Oréal USA Inc: Key Facts Summary 6 L’Oréal USA Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 7 L’Oréal USA Inc: Competitive Position 2016 Procter & Gamble Co, the in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 8 The Procter and Gamble Co: Key Facts Summary 9 The Procter and Gamble Co: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 10 The Procter & Gamble Co.: Competitive Position 2016 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 11 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Key Facts Summary 12 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Operational Indicators Company Background Chart 1 ULTA, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc: ULTA Beauty in Chicago, Illinois Internet Strategy Private Label Summary 13 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Private Label Portfolio Competitive Positioning Summary 14 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Competitive Position 2016 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 16 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 17 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 18 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 19 NBO Company Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2012-2016 Table 20 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 21 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Skin Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 22 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Sun Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 23 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 24 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 25 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 26 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 27 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 28 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 29 Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 30 NBO Company Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2012-2016 Table 31 LBN Brand Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 32 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 33 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 34 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 35 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021   About Us: Orbis Research is a single point aid for all your Market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required Market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Apparel and Footwear 2017 Market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Next PostNext Micro Guide Catheter Sales Market Size 2017, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Beauty and Personal Care in US Market by Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Orbis Research released a new research report on title “Beauty and Personal Care in the US” Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The overall US Beauty and Personal Care Market saw a moderate performance in 2016, with value sales up by 3% in constant terms. The US economy as a whole remained stable but lacklustre in 2016, limiting consumer spending on beauty and personal care products. Nevertheless, the state of the US economy during the year represented an improvement on the recent years of economic recession, resulting in a stronger performance than the review period’s 2% constant value CAGR. Nevertheless, consumers are… Download PDF Sample of Beauty and Personal Care in US Market@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/318017 Beauty and Personal Care in USA report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data 2012-2016, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. Forecasts to 2021 illustrate how the market is set to change. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/beauty-and-personal-care-in-the-us Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Data coverage: market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data.   Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.   Place Purchase Order for this Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/318017   LIST OF CONTENTS AND TABLES Executive Summary US Beauty and Personal Care Market Grows in 2016 Despite Economic Slowdown Purchasing Power of Millennials Increases, Driving Trends in the Industry Major Players Undertake Divestments and Acquisitions To Remain Competitive New Launches Heavily Feature Botanical Ingredients Beauty and Personal Care Expected To Experience Moderate Continued Growth Key Trends and Developments New Technologies Engage Consumers With Product Recommendations and Education Focus on Botanical Ingredients Drives Growth of Multifunctional Products Transformation of the Retail Landscape Offers Opportunities for Rapid Growth   Market Data Table 1 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 2 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 3 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 4 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 5 GBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 6 NBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 7 LBN Brand Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 8 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 9 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 10 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 11 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 12 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 13 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 14 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 15 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021   Sources Summary 1 Research Sources Estée Lauder Cos Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 2 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Key Facts Summary 3 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 4 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Competitive Position 2016 L’Oréal USA Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 5 L’Oréal USA Inc: Key Facts Summary 6 L’Oréal USA Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 7 L’Oréal USA Inc: Competitive Position 2016 Procter & Gamble Co, the in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 8 The Procter and Gamble Co: Key Facts Summary 9 The Procter and Gamble Co: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 10 The Procter & Gamble Co.: Competitive Position 2016 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 11 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Key Facts Summary 12 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Operational Indicators Company Background Chart 1 ULTA, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc: ULTA Beauty in Chicago, Illinois Internet Strategy Private Label Summary 13 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Private Label Portfolio Competitive Positioning Summary 14 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Competitive Position 2016 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 16 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 17 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 18 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 19 NBO Company Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2012-2016 Table 20 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 21 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Skin Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 22 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Sun Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 23 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 24 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 25 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 26 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 27 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 28 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 29 Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 30 NBO Company Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2012-2016 Table 31 LBN Brand Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 32 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 33 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 34 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 35 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021   About Us: Orbis Research is a single point aid for all your Market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required Market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Apparel and Footwear 2017 Market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Next PostNext Micro Guide Catheter Sales Market Size 2017, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Beauty and Personal Care in US Market by Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Orbis Research released a new research report on title “Beauty and Personal Care in the US” Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The overall US Beauty and Personal Care Market saw a moderate performance in 2016, with value sales up by 3% in constant terms. The US economy as a whole remained stable but lacklustre in 2016, limiting consumer spending on beauty and personal care products. Nevertheless, the state of the US economy during the year represented an improvement on the recent years of economic recession, resulting in a stronger performance than the review period’s 2% constant value CAGR. Nevertheless, consumers are… Download PDF Sample of Beauty and Personal Care in US Market@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/318017 Beauty and Personal Care in USA report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data 2012-2016, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. Forecasts to 2021 illustrate how the market is set to change. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/beauty-and-personal-care-in-the-us Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Data coverage: market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data.   Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.   Place Purchase Order for this Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/318017   LIST OF CONTENTS AND TABLES Executive Summary US Beauty and Personal Care Market Grows in 2016 Despite Economic Slowdown Purchasing Power of Millennials Increases, Driving Trends in the Industry Major Players Undertake Divestments and Acquisitions To Remain Competitive New Launches Heavily Feature Botanical Ingredients Beauty and Personal Care Expected To Experience Moderate Continued Growth Key Trends and Developments New Technologies Engage Consumers With Product Recommendations and Education Focus on Botanical Ingredients Drives Growth of Multifunctional Products Transformation of the Retail Landscape Offers Opportunities for Rapid Growth   Market Data Table 1 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 2 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 3 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 4 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 5 GBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 6 NBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 7 LBN Brand Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 8 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 9 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 10 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 11 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 12 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 13 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 14 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 15 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021   Sources Summary 1 Research Sources Estée Lauder Cos Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 2 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Key Facts Summary 3 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 4 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Competitive Position 2016 L’Oréal USA Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 5 L’Oréal USA Inc: Key Facts Summary 6 L’Oréal USA Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 7 L’Oréal USA Inc: Competitive Position 2016 Procter & Gamble Co, the in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 8 The Procter and Gamble Co: Key Facts Summary 9 The Procter and Gamble Co: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 10 The Procter & Gamble Co.: Competitive Position 2016 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 11 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Key Facts Summary 12 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Operational Indicators Company Background Chart 1 ULTA, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc: ULTA Beauty in Chicago, Illinois Internet Strategy Private Label Summary 13 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Private Label Portfolio Competitive Positioning Summary 14 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Competitive Position 2016 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 16 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 17 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 18 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 19 NBO Company Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2012-2016 Table 20 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 21 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Skin Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 22 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Sun Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 23 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 24 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 25 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 26 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 27 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 28 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 29 Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 30 NBO Company Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2012-2016 Table 31 LBN Brand Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 32 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 33 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 34 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 35 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021   About Us: Orbis Research is a single point aid for all your Market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required Market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Apparel and Footwear 2017 Market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Next PostNext Micro Guide Catheter Sales Market Size 2017, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Beauty and Personal Care in US Market by Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Orbis Research released a new research report on title “Beauty and Personal Care in the US” Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The overall US Beauty and Personal Care Market saw a moderate performance in 2016, with value sales up by 3% in constant terms. The US economy as a whole remained stable but lacklustre in 2016, limiting consumer spending on beauty and personal care products. Nevertheless, the state of the US economy during the year represented an improvement on the recent years of economic recession, resulting in a stronger performance than the review period’s 2% constant value CAGR. Nevertheless, consumers are… Download PDF Sample of Beauty and Personal Care in US Market@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/318017 Beauty and Personal Care in USA report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data 2012-2016, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. Forecasts to 2021 illustrate how the market is set to change. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/beauty-and-personal-care-in-the-us Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Data coverage: market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data.   Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.   Place Purchase Order for this Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/318017   LIST OF CONTENTS AND TABLES Executive Summary US Beauty and Personal Care Market Grows in 2016 Despite Economic Slowdown Purchasing Power of Millennials Increases, Driving Trends in the Industry Major Players Undertake Divestments and Acquisitions To Remain Competitive New Launches Heavily Feature Botanical Ingredients Beauty and Personal Care Expected To Experience Moderate Continued Growth Key Trends and Developments New Technologies Engage Consumers With Product Recommendations and Education Focus on Botanical Ingredients Drives Growth of Multifunctional Products Transformation of the Retail Landscape Offers Opportunities for Rapid Growth   Market Data Table 1 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 2 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 3 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 4 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 5 GBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 6 NBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 7 LBN Brand Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 8 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 9 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 10 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 11 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 12 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 13 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 14 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 15 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021   Sources Summary 1 Research Sources Estée Lauder Cos Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 2 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Key Facts Summary 3 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 4 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Competitive Position 2016 L’Oréal USA Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 5 L’Oréal USA Inc: Key Facts Summary 6 L’Oréal USA Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 7 L’Oréal USA Inc: Competitive Position 2016 Procter & Gamble Co, the in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 8 The Procter and Gamble Co: Key Facts Summary 9 The Procter and Gamble Co: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 10 The Procter & Gamble Co.: Competitive Position 2016 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 11 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Key Facts Summary 12 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Operational Indicators Company Background Chart 1 ULTA, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc: ULTA Beauty in Chicago, Illinois Internet Strategy Private Label Summary 13 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Private Label Portfolio Competitive Positioning Summary 14 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Competitive Position 2016 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 16 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 17 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 18 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 19 NBO Company Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2012-2016 Table 20 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 21 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Skin Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 22 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Sun Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 23 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 24 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 25 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 26 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 27 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 28 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 29 Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 30 NBO Company Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2012-2016 Table 31 LBN Brand Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 32 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 33 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 34 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 35 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021   About Us: Orbis Research is a single point aid for all your Market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required Market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Apparel and Footwear 2017 Market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Next PostNext Micro Guide Catheter Sales Market Size 2017, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Beauty and Personal Care in US Market by Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Orbis Research released a new research report on title “Beauty and Personal Care in the US” Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The overall US Beauty and Personal Care Market saw a moderate performance in 2016, with value sales up by 3% in constant terms. The US economy as a whole remained stable but lacklustre in 2016, limiting consumer spending on beauty and personal care products. Nevertheless, the state of the US economy during the year represented an improvement on the recent years of economic recession, resulting in a stronger performance than the review period’s 2% constant value CAGR. Nevertheless, consumers are… Download PDF Sample of Beauty and Personal Care in US Market@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/318017 Beauty and Personal Care in USA report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data 2012-2016, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. Forecasts to 2021 illustrate how the market is set to change. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/beauty-and-personal-care-in-the-us Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Data coverage: market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data.   Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.   Place Purchase Order for this Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/318017   LIST OF CONTENTS AND TABLES Executive Summary US Beauty and Personal Care Market Grows in 2016 Despite Economic Slowdown Purchasing Power of Millennials Increases, Driving Trends in the Industry Major Players Undertake Divestments and Acquisitions To Remain Competitive New Launches Heavily Feature Botanical Ingredients Beauty and Personal Care Expected To Experience Moderate Continued Growth Key Trends and Developments New Technologies Engage Consumers With Product Recommendations and Education Focus on Botanical Ingredients Drives Growth of Multifunctional Products Transformation of the Retail Landscape Offers Opportunities for Rapid Growth   Market Data Table 1 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 2 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 3 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 4 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 5 GBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 6 NBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 7 LBN Brand Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 8 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 9 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 10 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 11 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 12 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 13 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 14 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 15 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021   Sources Summary 1 Research Sources Estée Lauder Cos Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 2 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Key Facts Summary 3 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 4 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Competitive Position 2016 L’Oréal USA Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 5 L’Oréal USA Inc: Key Facts Summary 6 L’Oréal USA Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 7 L’Oréal USA Inc: Competitive Position 2016 Procter & Gamble Co, the in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 8 The Procter and Gamble Co: Key Facts Summary 9 The Procter and Gamble Co: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 10 The Procter & Gamble Co.: Competitive Position 2016 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 11 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Key Facts Summary 12 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Operational Indicators Company Background Chart 1 ULTA, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc: ULTA Beauty in Chicago, Illinois Internet Strategy Private Label Summary 13 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Private Label Portfolio Competitive Positioning Summary 14 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Competitive Position 2016 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 16 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 17 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 18 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 19 NBO Company Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2012-2016 Table 20 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 21 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Skin Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 22 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Sun Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 23 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 24 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 25 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 26 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 27 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 28 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 29 Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 30 NBO Company Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2012-2016 Table 31 LBN Brand Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 32 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 33 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 34 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 35 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021   About Us: Orbis Research is a single point aid for all your Market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required Market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Apparel and Footwear 2017 Market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Next PostNext Micro Guide Catheter Sales Market Size 2017, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Beauty and Personal Care in US Market by Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Orbis Research released a new research report on title “Beauty and Personal Care in the US” Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The overall US Beauty and Personal Care Market saw a moderate performance in 2016, with value sales up by 3% in constant terms. The US economy as a whole remained stable but lacklustre in 2016, limiting consumer spending on beauty and personal care products. Nevertheless, the state of the US economy during the year represented an improvement on the recent years of economic recession, resulting in a stronger performance than the review period’s 2% constant value CAGR. Nevertheless, consumers are… Download PDF Sample of Beauty and Personal Care in US Market@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/318017 Beauty and Personal Care in USA report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data 2012-2016, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. Forecasts to 2021 illustrate how the market is set to change. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/beauty-and-personal-care-in-the-us Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Data coverage: market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data.   Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.   Place Purchase Order for this Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/318017   LIST OF CONTENTS AND TABLES Executive Summary US Beauty and Personal Care Market Grows in 2016 Despite Economic Slowdown Purchasing Power of Millennials Increases, Driving Trends in the Industry Major Players Undertake Divestments and Acquisitions To Remain Competitive New Launches Heavily Feature Botanical Ingredients Beauty and Personal Care Expected To Experience Moderate Continued Growth Key Trends and Developments New Technologies Engage Consumers With Product Recommendations and Education Focus on Botanical Ingredients Drives Growth of Multifunctional Products Transformation of the Retail Landscape Offers Opportunities for Rapid Growth   Market Data Table 1 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 2 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 3 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 4 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 5 GBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 6 NBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 7 LBN Brand Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 8 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 9 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 10 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 11 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 12 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 13 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 14 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 15 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021   Sources Summary 1 Research Sources Estée Lauder Cos Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 2 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Key Facts Summary 3 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 4 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Competitive Position 2016 L’Oréal USA Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 5 L’Oréal USA Inc: Key Facts Summary 6 L’Oréal USA Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 7 L’Oréal USA Inc: Competitive Position 2016 Procter & Gamble Co, the in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 8 The Procter and Gamble Co: Key Facts Summary 9 The Procter and Gamble Co: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 10 The Procter & Gamble Co.: Competitive Position 2016 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 11 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Key Facts Summary 12 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Operational Indicators Company Background Chart 1 ULTA, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc: ULTA Beauty in Chicago, Illinois Internet Strategy Private Label Summary 13 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Private Label Portfolio Competitive Positioning Summary 14 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Competitive Position 2016 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 16 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 17 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 18 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 19 NBO Company Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2012-2016 Table 20 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 21 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Skin Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 22 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Sun Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 23 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 24 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 25 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 26 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 27 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 28 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 29 Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 30 NBO Company Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2012-2016 Table 31 LBN Brand Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 32 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 33 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 34 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 35 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021   About Us: Orbis Research is a single point aid for all your Market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required Market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Apparel and Footwear 2017 Market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Next PostNext Micro Guide Catheter Sales Market Size 2017, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Beauty and Personal Care in US Market by Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Orbis Research released a new research report on title “Beauty and Personal Care in the US” Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The overall US Beauty and Personal Care Market saw a moderate performance in 2016, with value sales up by 3% in constant terms. The US economy as a whole remained stable but lacklustre in 2016, limiting consumer spending on beauty and personal care products. Nevertheless, the state of the US economy during the year represented an improvement on the recent years of economic recession, resulting in a stronger performance than the review period’s 2% constant value CAGR. Nevertheless, consumers are… Download PDF Sample of Beauty and Personal Care in US Market@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/318017 Beauty and Personal Care in USA report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data 2012-2016, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. Forecasts to 2021 illustrate how the market is set to change. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/beauty-and-personal-care-in-the-us Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Data coverage: market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data.   Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.   Place Purchase Order for this Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/318017   LIST OF CONTENTS AND TABLES Executive Summary US Beauty and Personal Care Market Grows in 2016 Despite Economic Slowdown Purchasing Power of Millennials Increases, Driving Trends in the Industry Major Players Undertake Divestments and Acquisitions To Remain Competitive New Launches Heavily Feature Botanical Ingredients Beauty and Personal Care Expected To Experience Moderate Continued Growth Key Trends and Developments New Technologies Engage Consumers With Product Recommendations and Education Focus on Botanical Ingredients Drives Growth of Multifunctional Products Transformation of the Retail Landscape Offers Opportunities for Rapid Growth   Market Data Table 1 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 2 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 3 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 4 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 5 GBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 6 NBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 7 LBN Brand Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 8 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 9 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 10 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 11 Penetration of Private Label in Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value 2011-2016 Table 12 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 13 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 14 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 15 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021   Sources Summary 1 Research Sources Estée Lauder Cos Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 2 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Key Facts Summary 3 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 4 The Estée Lauder Companies Inc: Competitive Position 2016 L’Oréal USA Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 5 L’Oréal USA Inc: Key Facts Summary 6 L’Oréal USA Inc: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 7 L’Oréal USA Inc: Competitive Position 2016 Procter & Gamble Co, the in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 8 The Procter and Gamble Co: Key Facts Summary 9 The Procter and Gamble Co: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 10 The Procter & Gamble Co.: Competitive Position 2016 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc in Beauty and Personal Care (usa) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 11 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Key Facts Summary 12 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Operational Indicators Company Background Chart 1 ULTA, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc: ULTA Beauty in Chicago, Illinois Internet Strategy Private Label Summary 13 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Private Label Portfolio Competitive Positioning Summary 14 Ulta, Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance Ltd: Competitive Position 2016 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 16 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 17 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 18 Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 19 NBO Company Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2012-2016 Table 20 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 21 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Skin Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 22 LBN Brand Shares of Baby and Child-specific Sun Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 23 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Baby and Child-specific Products: % Value 2013-2016 Table 24 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 25 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 26 Forecast Sales of Baby and Child-specific Products by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021 Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 27 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 28 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 29 Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 30 NBO Company Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2012-2016 Table 31 LBN Brand Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 32 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 33 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 34 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 35 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021   About Us: Orbis Research is a single point aid for all your Market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required Market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Apparel and Footwear 2017 Market Sizes (historic and forecasts), Company Shares, Brand Shares and Distribution Data Next PostNext Micro Guide Catheter Sales Market Size 2017, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Search Recent Posts Global SaaS Based HRM Market Trends, Challenges and Growth Drivers Analysis 2022 Universal Grease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Alginic Acid (CAS 9005-38-3) Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Learn details of the Global PSD2 and Open Banking Market: growth with CAGR in forecast-2022 Global Metal Deactivator Market – Analysis and Trends RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report MMTC reverses upmove on profit booking Business Standard Lackluster trade continues Capital Market  June 9, 2017 Last Updated at 14:27 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWSanl ALSO READ Sensex, Nifty show divergent trend Sensex, Nifty hit record high Sensex, Nifty provisionally close with small losses Sensex, Nifty rise for 3rd straight session Sensex, Nifty provisionally settle with small gains Key benchmark indices traded almost unchanged in mid-afternoon trade in what was a lackluster trade witnessed so far during the session. At 14:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 12.36 points or 0.04% at 31,202.62. The Nifty 50 index declined 0.60 points or 0.01% at 9,646.65. After opening slightly lower, key indices hovered in the negative terrain with small losses so far during the session. The S&P BSE Mid-Cap index rose 0.06%. The S&P BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.49%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On the BSE, 1,278 shares rose and 1,280 shares fell. A total of 158 shares were unchanged. FMCG stocks were mixed. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.39%), Marico (down 1.03%), Hindustan Unilever (HUL) (down 0.09%), Dabur India (down 0.73%), Colgate Palmolive India (down 0.03%), Nestle India (down 0.67%), and Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.58%) declined. Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.42%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.63%), Britannia Industries (up 1.66%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 1.63%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.67%) gained. Pharma stocks also traded mixed. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (down 0.73%), Cipla (down 0.12%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (down 0.79%), Strides Shasun (down 0.16%), Lupin (down 1%), and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (down 0.63%) declined. Aurobindo Pharma (up 0.24%), Wockhardt (up 1%) and Cadila Healthcare (up 023%) gained. State Bank of India (SBI) declined 0.27%. The bank said that it has successfully concluded India's largest ever qualified institutional placement (QIP) of Rs 15000 crore which was launched on 5 June 2017. The QIP book was oversubscribed and demand exceeded Rs 27000 crore. Exceptionally strong demand came from long only foreign institutional investors (FIIs) of over Rs 8000 crore. Overall FII demand was in excess of Rs 11000 crore. The issue also saw very strong demand from DIIs, amounting to Rs 8500 crore, excluding one large DII. Given the overwhelming response, the issue was priced at the top end at Rs 287.25 per share. The QIP will result in the issue of approximately 52.21 crore new shares at Rs 287.25 per share, which will lead to a dilution of 6.05%. Post the issue GoI shareholding in the merged entity will be at 57.07%. The announcement was made during market hours today, 9 June 2017. Overseas, European stocks edged higher after the general election left UK facing a hung parliament, where no single party has a majority. British Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative party has fallen short of an outright majority in the UK's general election. May had unexpectedly called the snap election seven weeks ago, confident of sharply increasing the slim majority she had inherited from predecessor David Cameron before launching into the Brexit talks. The lack of a clear majority government raises uncertainty regarding the future of the country, mainly as it was on track to start Brexit negotiations in a few days' time. Among other events, the European Central Bank (ECB) yesterday, 8 June 2017, as expected, left interest rates unchanged but said it continued to expect interest rates to remain at present levels for an extended period of time, and well past the horizon of its asset-buying program, which is set to run at least through December. In previous statements, the ECB had said it expected rates to remain at present or lower levels for an extended period of time. Asian stocks were mixed after British Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative party has fallen short of an outright majority in the UK's general election. US stocks notched meager gains yesterday, 8 June 2017 but the Nasdaq Composite index closed at a record after former Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey's appearance in front of the US Senate Intelligence Committee concluded without any significant revelations. Comey accused President Donald Trump of firing him to try to undermine the agency's investigation of possible collusion by Trump's campaign with Russia's alleged efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election. During more than two hours of testimony, Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee he believed Trump had directed him in February to drop an FBI probe into the Republican president's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, as part of the broader Russia investigation. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Bse | Nifty | Sensex | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Lackluster trade continues Key benchmark indices traded almost unchanged in mid-afternoon trade in what was a lackluster trade witnessed so far during the session. At 14:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 12.36 points or 0.04% at 31,202.62. The Nifty 50 index declined 0.60 points or 0.01% at 9,646.65. Key benchmark indices traded almost unchanged in mid-afternoon trade in what was a lackluster trade witnessed so far during the session. At 14:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 12.36 points or 0.04% at 31,202.62. The Nifty 50 index declined 0.60 points or 0.01% at 9,646.65. After opening slightly lower, key indices hovered in the negative terrain with small losses so far during the session. The S&P BSE Mid-Cap index rose 0.06%. The S&P BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.49%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On the BSE, 1,278 shares rose and 1,280 shares fell. A total of 158 shares were unchanged. FMCG stocks were mixed. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.39%), Marico (down 1.03%), Hindustan Unilever (HUL) (down 0.09%), Dabur India (down 0.73%), Colgate Palmolive India (down 0.03%), Nestle India (down 0.67%), and Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.58%) declined. Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.42%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.63%), Britannia Industries (up 1.66%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 1.63%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.67%) gained. Pharma stocks also traded mixed. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (down 0.73%), Cipla (down 0.12%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (down 0.79%), Strides Shasun (down 0.16%), Lupin (down 1%), and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (down 0.63%) declined. Aurobindo Pharma (up 0.24%), Wockhardt (up 1%) and Cadila Healthcare (up 023%) gained. State Bank of India (SBI) declined 0.27%. The bank said that it has successfully concluded India's largest ever qualified institutional placement (QIP) of Rs 15000 crore which was launched on 5 June 2017. The QIP book was oversubscribed and demand exceeded Rs 27000 crore. Exceptionally strong demand came from long only foreign institutional investors (FIIs) of over Rs 8000 crore. Overall FII demand was in excess of Rs 11000 crore. The issue also saw very strong demand from DIIs, amounting to Rs 8500 crore, excluding one large DII. Given the overwhelming response, the issue was priced at the top end at Rs 287.25 per share. The QIP will result in the issue of approximately 52.21 crore new shares at Rs 287.25 per share, which will lead to a dilution of 6.05%. Post the issue GoI shareholding in the merged entity will be at 57.07%. The announcement was made during market hours today, 9 June 2017. Overseas, European stocks edged higher after the general election left UK facing a hung parliament, where no single party has a majority. British Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative party has fallen short of an outright majority in the UK's general election. May had unexpectedly called the snap election seven weeks ago, confident of sharply increasing the slim majority she had inherited from predecessor David Cameron before launching into the Brexit talks. The lack of a clear majority government raises uncertainty regarding the future of the country, mainly as it was on track to start Brexit negotiations in a few days' time. Among other events, the European Central Bank (ECB) yesterday, 8 June 2017, as expected, left interest rates unchanged but said it continued to expect interest rates to remain at present levels for an extended period of time, and well past the horizon of its asset-buying program, which is set to run at least through December. In previous statements, the ECB had said it expected rates to remain at present or lower levels for an extended period of time. Asian stocks were mixed after British Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative party has fallen short of an outright majority in the UK's general election. US stocks notched meager gains yesterday, 8 June 2017 but the Nasdaq Composite index closed at a record after former Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey's appearance in front of the US Senate Intelligence Committee concluded without any significant revelations. Comey accused President Donald Trump of firing him to try to undermine the agency's investigation of possible collusion by Trump's campaign with Russia's alleged efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election. During more than two hours of testimony, Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee he believed Trump had directed him in February to drop an FBI probe into the Republican president's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, as part of the broader Russia investigation. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Lackluster trade continues Key benchmark indices traded almost unchanged in mid-afternoon trade in what was a lackluster trade witnessed so far during the session. At 14:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 12.36 points or 0.04% at 31,202.62. The Nifty 50 index declined 0.60 points or 0.01% at 9,646.65. After opening slightly lower, key indices hovered in the negative terrain with small losses so far during the session. The S&P BSE Mid-Cap index rose 0.06%. The S&P BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.49%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On the BSE, 1,278 shares rose and 1,280 shares fell. A total of 158 shares were unchanged. FMCG stocks were mixed. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.39%), Marico (down 1.03%), Hindustan Unilever (HUL) (down 0.09%), Dabur India (down 0.73%), Colgate Palmolive India (down 0.03%), Nestle India (down 0.67%), and Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.58%) declined. Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.42%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.63%), Britannia Industries (up 1.66%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 1.63%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.67%) gained. Pharma stocks also traded mixed. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (down 0.73%), Cipla (down 0.12%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (down 0.79%), Strides Shasun (down 0.16%), Lupin (down 1%), and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (down 0.63%) declined. Aurobindo Pharma (up 0.24%), Wockhardt (up 1%) and Cadila Healthcare (up 023%) gained. State Bank of India (SBI) declined 0.27%. The bank said that it has successfully concluded India's largest ever qualified institutional placement (QIP) of Rs 15000 crore which was launched on 5 June 2017. The QIP book was oversubscribed and demand exceeded Rs 27000 crore. Exceptionally strong demand came from long only foreign institutional investors (FIIs) of over Rs 8000 crore. Overall FII demand was in excess of Rs 11000 crore. The issue also saw very strong demand from DIIs, amounting to Rs 8500 crore, excluding one large DII. Given the overwhelming response, the issue was priced at the top end at Rs 287.25 per share. The QIP will result in the issue of approximately 52.21 crore new shares at Rs 287.25 per share, which will lead to a dilution of 6.05%. Post the issue GoI shareholding in the merged entity will be at 57.07%. The announcement was made during market hours today, 9 June 2017. Overseas, European stocks edged higher after the general election left UK facing a hung parliament, where no single party has a majority. British Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative party has fallen short of an outright majority in the UK's general election. May had unexpectedly called the snap election seven weeks ago, confident of sharply increasing the slim majority she had inherited from predecessor David Cameron before launching into the Brexit talks. The lack of a clear majority government raises uncertainty regarding the future of the country, mainly as it was on track to start Brexit negotiations in a few days' time. Among other events, the European Central Bank (ECB) yesterday, 8 June 2017, as expected, left interest rates unchanged but said it continued to expect interest rates to remain at present levels for an extended period of time, and well past the horizon of its asset-buying program, which is set to run at least through December. In previous statements, the ECB had said it expected rates to remain at present or lower levels for an extended period of time. Asian stocks were mixed after British Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative party has fallen short of an outright majority in the UK's general election. US stocks notched meager gains yesterday, 8 June 2017 but the Nasdaq Composite index closed at a record after former Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey's appearance in front of the US Senate Intelligence Committee concluded without any significant revelations. Comey accused President Donald Trump of firing him to try to undermine the agency's investigation of possible collusion by Trump's campaign with Russia's alleged efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election. During more than two hours of testimony, Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee he believed Trump had directed him in February to drop an FBI probe into the Republican president's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, as part of the broader Russia investigation. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Diaper (Adult and Baby Diaper) Market: Size, Trends and Forecasts (2017-2021) The study of the ” Diaper (Adult and Baby Diaper) Market” provides the market size information and market trends along with the factors and parameters impacting it in both short and long term. The study ensures a 360° view, bringing out the complete key insights of the industry. Scope of the Report The report entitled “Global Diaper (Adult and Baby Diaper) Market: Size, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021)”, provides analysis of the global diaper market, with detailed analysis of market size and growth, and segmentation of the industry. The analysis includes the market by value, by segments, per capita consumption and by region. The report also provides the analysis of the global baby diaper market of APAC, Europe, MEA, North America and Latin America regions. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/317420 . Moreover, the report also assesses the key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the industry. Growth of the overall global diaper market has also been forecasted for the years 2017-2021, taking into consideration the previous growth patterns, the growth drivers and the current and future trends. Procter & Gamble (P&G), Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget (SCA), Unicharm Corporation and Kimberly-Clark Corporation are some of the key players operating in the global diaper market, whose company profiling has been done in the report. In this segment of the report, business overview, financial overview and business strategies of the companies are provided. Country Coverage APAC Europe MEA North America Latin America Company Coverage Procter & Gamble (P&G) Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget (SCA) Unicharm Corporation Kimberly-Clark Corporation Purchase a copy of Global Diaper (Adult and Baby Diaper) Market visit @  http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/317420 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com   . Executive Summary Diaper is defined as a soft absorbent fabric or clothing worn by users that are not toilet trained yet and person suffering from incontinence problems. Diaper is the clothing that enable the user to urinate or secrete without the utilization of toilets. The diaper comes under the physical hygiene products. The diapers come in two categories depending on the wearing pattern of diaper as: Open diapers and Diaper Pants. Further, diapers can broadly classified into two section as: Baby Diapers and Adult Diapers. The baby diapers are worn by infants aged between 0-3 years that are not toilet trained. The baby diaper can be segmented on the basis of the utilization of diapers such as: Cloth Diapers (Flat Cloth Diapers, Fitted Cloth Diapers, Pre-Fold Cloth Diapers, All in one Cloth Diapers and All in Two Cloth Diaper), Disposable Diapers (Ultra Absorbent Disposable Diapers, Regular Disposable Diapers, Super Absorbent Disposable Diapers), Biodegradable Diapers, Swim Pants and Training Pants/Pull-Up Pants. An adult diaper is a diaper specially designed to worn by a person suffering from problems like incontinence, mobility impairment or severe diarrhea. Different types of adult diapers available in the market are: all in one cloth adult diaper, contour cloth adult diaper, prefold cloth adult diaper, waterproof pants, disposable adult diapers and adult swim diapers. The global diaper market is expected to increase at high growth rates during the forecasted period (2017-2021). The global diaper market is supported by various growth drivers, such as aging population, increasing disposable income, increase in urban population, delayed toilet training of children in developed countries, increasing literate female population, etc. Browse Complete Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-diaper-adult-and-baby-diaper-market-size-trends-and-forecasts-2017-2021 . Some points from TOC: Executive Summary Introduction 2.1 Diapers: An Overview 2.2 Baby Diapers: An Overview 2.2.1 Cloth Diapers 2.2.2 Disposable Diapers 2.2.3 Training Pants/Pull-Up Pants 2.2.4 Swim Pants 2.2.5 Biodegradable Diapers 2.3 Adult Diapers: An Overview 2.3.1 All-in-One Cloth Diaper 2.3.2 Contour Cloth Adult Diaper 2.3.3 Prefold Cloth Diaper 2.3.4 Waterproof Pants 2.3.5 Disposable Adult Diaper 2.3.6 Contour Cloth Adult Diaper 2.4 Advantages & Disadvantages of Diapers For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Follow Us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/orbis-research Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/orbisresearch Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OrbisResearch   CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Attitude and Heading Reference Systems (AHRS) Sales Market: Detailed Qualitative Analysis Of Product Types, Application, And End-Users . 2017-2022 Next PostNext Commercial Aircraft Landing Gear Market Outlook Supply, Growth Rate By Application (2017-2022) And Manufacturers Profiles Search Recent Posts Global SaaS Based HRM Market Trends, Challenges and Growth Drivers Analysis 2022 Universal Grease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Alginic Acid (CAS 9005-38-3) Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Learn details of the Global PSD2 and Open Banking Market: growth with CAGR in forecast-2022 Global Metal Deactivator Market – Analysis and Trends RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Global Body Mist Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Body Mist Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 09, 2017 ) Body Mist or Body spray is a perfume product, similar to aerosol deodorant, which is intended to be used elsewhere on the body besides the armpits. Body sprays are lighter in strength than cologne, generally less expensive, and double as deodorant. Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Body Mist in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Complete report is available at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-body-mist-market-forecast-to-2022 Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Este Lauder L Brands LOral LVMH Shiseido Amway Avon Products Burberry Chatters Canada Coty Edgewell Personal Care Henkel Johnson & Johnson Kao Marchesa Mary Kay O Boticrio Procter & Gamble Revlon Unilever Parfums de Coeur Calvin Klein Jovan Dolce & Gabana Curve Drakkar Nike Adidas Axe Impulse Get a SAMPLE Request at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001800452/sample Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers Moisturizing Mist Kill Odor Mist Others Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into For Men For Women Table of Content Chapter 1, to describe Body Mist Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Body Mist, with sales, revenue, and price of Body Mist, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Body Mist, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Get Discount at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001800452/discount Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Body Mist market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Body Mist sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source Purchase this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001800452/buy/3480 Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Eco Business Logo Log in / Sign up Subscribe to our email newsletters Follow us News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand All regions Menu Close Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Publications Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports A-Z Tags About About Us Our Team Contributors Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Contact Us Supporting Organisations Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand Show all regions Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Home Opinion Carbon & Climate Previous Next 4 big ideas in sustainable business New business models, science-based targets, collaboration, and better marketing: here are the four trends in sustainable business that business leaders are talking about. A mindset of collaboration could define what business leadership means in the 21st century. Image: Alex Prolmos, CC BY-NC 2.0 By Lindsey Longendyke Friday 9 June 2017 Share this story Green initiatives have taken root in the corporate world. Rising numbers of companies have promised to cut emissions, protect forests and watersheds, reduce food waste and take other steps to ensure a sustainable future for all. While President Trump recently decided to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement, over 900 American companies announced that they are still in. Behind this momentum are passionate CEOs, conscientious consumers and an increasingly purpose-driven workforce. It’s an exciting time—but there’s still much to do before business, people and the planet reach equilibrium. In mid-May, we brought together our corporate partners for MindShare, two days of open discussion on the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. As the communications lead, I was listening for trends, shared attitudes and big ideas. Here are four themes that emerged.  WRI’s corporate partners gather for MindShare 2017 to discuss sustainability trends.   1. Follow the science Science-based targets are quickly becoming expected practice among leading American and European companies. When the Science Based Targets initiative launched in 2015, only 40 companies had promised to shrink their carbon footprints to sizes that are compatible with the global goal of limiting temperature rise to less than 2 degrees C (3.6 degrees F). Today—only two years later—more than 266 companies have made this commitment, with new companies joining at an average rate of two per week. Nearly 50 companies, including household brands such as Walmart, PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble, have taken the commitment to the next stage by adopting specific, ambitious targets that have been approved by climate experts.  Corporate sustainability professionals should look into science-based water targets. Flickr/Mitch   The next step is to apply this concept to water. Unlike targets for emissions, which are global in nature, water use targets must be tailored to local conditions. It’s a tricky task. Companies must ask, what are the limits of our watersheds? Who else relies on them? How do we sustainably operate within those limits? For companies with massive water-use needs, such as fabric mills which typically use 200 tons of water per 1 ton of fabric produced, addressing these questions can mitigate serious operational risks and protect local communities. It’s clear that corporate leaders want reassurance that they are doing enough to protect the resources that keep their companies running and that other companies are doing their fair share, too. Arbitrary goals may placate stakeholders, but they won’t stabilise the climate or ensure a long-lasting water supply—only science-based goals can do that. 2. We need new business models for tomorrow’s markets. Between 2009 and 2030, the global middle class is projected to grow by 3 billion people—that’s 10 times the US population. This represents a victory for human development and an exploding market for consumer goods—but also a looming ecological crisis. The elephant in the board room is that companies can’t meet this demand with today’s resource-hungry business models. Some believe that we can thread this needle with efficiency improvements, but our recent research says otherwise. We are on track to triple our use of natural resources by 2050. It is unlikely that businesses can make their products efficiently enough to keep total global resource use constant with today’s levels. The solution: embrace new business models, such as those that allow customers to share and repair physical goods. For example, we need more high-quality, affordable clothing rental services and less cheap fast fashion piling up in landfills. 3. Get savvy with marketing Sustainability professionals often bemoan the fact that consumers are unlikely to purchase products for their environmental benefits alone—but this does not mean that customers can’t be champions of environmentally-friendly products. The Better Buying Lab studies how the same marketing techniques that make potato chips fly off the shelves can drive sales of sustainable food options. Shopping is rarely a careful, rational process—it is what most people do on autopilot on their way home from work at the end of a long day. Thus, people tend to buy: What they’ve bought before What they remember What is socially normal What they notice What meets their needs Sustainability leaders should ask, “How do we work with shoppers’ known behaviours to drive sustainable consumption? 4. We’re in this together You can’t compete for customers if you don’t have resources to make your products. That’s why some competing companies are banding together to tackle environmental risks. For example, in 2010 the Consumer Goods Forum, which represents more than 400 retail and consumer goods companies, approved a resolution to achieve zero net deforestation by 2020 (the group has made some progress, but many companies are still trying to turn this resolution into internal policy). “ How else can we collaborate? What else could we solve if we worked together? This mindset may characterise 21st-century business leadership. Most MBA students have played some version of the Prisoner’s Dilemma, a game where players are tempted to undercut each other but are best served by a collaborative strategy. The same is true with businesses facing resource issues. No single company can solve climate change or save the forests, but together entire industries can make progress against social and environmental challenges while creating more favourable conditions for themselves. At MindShare, we heard attendees asking: How else can we collaborate? What else could we solve if we worked together? This mindset may characterise 21st-century business leadership. Lindsey Longendyke is Communications Officer, Business Center at World Resources Institute. This post is republished from the WRI blog. Share this story Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Water Regions Tags climate science consumer products COP 21 deforestation economy emissions financing forests natural resources pollution science water security water treatment Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Most popular Carbon & Climate The 5 funniest reactions to Trump's Paris pull-out The 5 funniest reactions to Trump's Paris pull-out Carbon & Climate The US$5 trillion opportunity Asian businesses cannot afford to ignore The US$5 trillion opportunity Asian businesses cannot afford to ignore Policy & Finance Ladies, here's the world's first responsible investment platform just for you Ladies, here's the world's first responsible investment platform just for you View all news Industry Spotlight Energy How to make renewable energy work for the economy and environment How to make renewable energy work for the economy and environment Cities Sustainability and technology: An 'extraordinary economic opportunity' for cities Sustainability and technology: An 'extraordinary economic opportunity' for cities Energy Keeping it cool: Malaysia looks to district energy systems Keeping it cool: Malaysia looks to district energy systems View all Feature Series Ecosperity 2017: Tomorrow Starts Today How to build a business around the SDGs, and do more with less How to build a business around the SDGs, and do more with less Educating Tomorrow's Leaders The path to a rewarding sustainability career The path to a rewarding sustainability career Palm Oil Conversations What is sustainable palm oil? What is sustainable palm oil? View all Featured Events jun 12 Sweden EUBCE 2017 – 25th European Biomass Conference and Exhibition jun 14 Australia 2017 Renewable Cities Forum jun 14 Australia 2017 Australian Energy Storage Conference & Exhibition jun 14 Kazakhstan Blockchain Conference Astana jul 11 United States of America Intersolar North America 2017 jul 19 Malaysia ARCHIDEX '17 Add an Event View all The SDG Co Asia Pacifics Hub For Collaboration On Sustainable Development An Eco-Business initiative The SDG Co Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletters The best Eco-Business stories, jobs and events delivered to your inbox – daily or weekly. Subscribe Get our weekly newsletter Follow us on facebook Read our stories and particpate in the Eco-Business facebook group. Follow Follow us on facebook Advertisement Supporting Organisations Eco Business Logo Back to top Asia Pacific’s sustainable business community Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Publications Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports A-Z Tags Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS About About Us Our Team Contributors Contact Us Supporting Organisations Policy Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Privacy Policy © Eco-Business 2009—2017
Your browser is blocking javascript. This might limit your experience on this website SUBSCRIBE FREE NEWSLETTER Breaking News on Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North AmericaEU editionAPAC edition Headlines Brand Innovation Formulation & Science Packaging & Design Business & Financial Market Trends Regulation & Safety Videos Audios Galleries Internet Live Events Promotional Features Site Archive June 2017 May 2017 Previous months Hot topics Anti-Aging Naturals & Organics Nanotechnology Sustainable Packaging Digital PRODUCT LIBRARY Skin Care Hair Care Color Cosmetics Fragrance Nutricosmetics Packaging Resources All Products Supplier Webinars Videos & Audio Technical Papers Product Brochures Suppliers Events All events Our events Shows & Conferences Other industry events CD Buzz News & Analysis Events Executive interviews Related sites CosmeticsDesign-Europe.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe CosmeticsDesign-Asia.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific Headlines > Business & Financial Read more breaking news     Text size Print Forward Subscribe to our FREE newsletter SUBSCRIBE Sheri McCoy is the only woman leading a beauty company on the Fortune 500 By Deanna UtroskeDeanna Utroske 08-Jun-20172017-06-08T00:00:00Z Last updated on 08-Jun-2017 at 20:10 GMT2017-06-08T20:10:22Z Related tags: Fortune 500, Sheri McCoy, Avon Products, Leadership, CEO, Equality The business magazine has just put out the 2017 edition of its annual list of the most profitable corporations in the US. Among the several personal care and cosmetics companies on the list, only one is lead by a CEO who is a woman. A fact that could be a indication of inequality throughout the industry. Fortune and other news outlets have been highlighting this year’s uptick in the number on women CEOs on the full list of this country’s top companies. “As of 2017, there are 32 female CEOs on the list, meaning that 6.4% of the U.S.'s biggest companies (by revenue) are run by women,” Fortune editors noted yesterday in an item listing only the women. “This is the highest proportion of female CEOs in the 63-year history of the Fortune 500.” Sheri McCoy, CEO of Avon Products is number 27 on that list of 32 leaders. Currently on the Fortune 500, Avon Products ranks number 444. (New Avon, the US business, is now separate and distinct from Avon Products. New Avon has been a privately held company since March of last year, as Cosmetics Design reported .) Other industry corporations that made the 500 this year include Johnson & Johnson (at number 35), Procter & Gamble (36), Colgate-Palmolive (182), Estée Lauder (253), and Clorox (453). Of course, several retailers, as well as specialty chemical suppliers and distributors figure on the list too. Imbalance of power Every beauty company has ready stats on the percentage of women working in their ranks and the number of women in leadership or executive roles. It’s even fashionable to feature women-facing charities as part of a company’s CSR initiatives and to glorify a piece of the supply chain that’s made possible by women farmers or processors. Nonetheless, Sheri McCoy is the only woman leading a beauty company on the Fortune 500. And, “women still constitute only 6 percent of the CEOs on the list and there [are] no black female CEOs [leading Fortune 500 companies]” points out Emily Peck, in her HuffingtonPost article about the 2017 list.  And while in the beauty industry several leading company’s boards of directors are approaching gender balance, it was only a couple of months ago now that Cosmetics Design reported on Sabine Chalmers becoming the first woman to join Coty’s board .  Workplace equality  Despite the efforts of well-meaning HR teams, industry organizations, resolute individuals, and governmental encouragement, workplace equality doesn’t exist on any large scale.  There were signs of progress in beauty late last year. By the end of 2016, six personal care and cosmetics companies had signed on to the Equal Pay Pledge. The pledge is just that, a promise made by the signing companies to make an effort towards compensating women and men equally for equally valuable work contributions. L’Oréal USA and Johnson & Johnson were the first two industry players to sign the pledge when President Barak Obama introduced it during The State of Women Summit in June of last year. 2016 data on employee perception of equal treatment at work, compiled by the site fairygodboss, reflect positively on the beauty industry too. When asked, yes or no, “Do you think men and women are treated fairly and equally at your employer?” 71% of women working in the cosmetics industry said, “yes,” as Cosmetics Design reported . And an anecdote shared with fairygodboss by a project manager at Estée Lauder adds a bit of context: “The leadership is predominantly women; they understand very well women's needs and [are] also less likely to hold stereotypes against women.” This content is copyright protected However, if you would like to share the information in this article, you may use the headline, summary and link below: Sheri McCoy is the only woman leading a beauty company on the Fortune 500 By Deanna UtroskeDeanna Utroske, 08-Jun-2017 The business magazine has just put out the 2017 edition of its annual list of the most profitable corporations in the US. Among the several personal care and cosmetics companies on the list, only one is lead by a CEO who is a woman. A fact that could be a indication of inequality throughout the industry. http://www.cosmeticsdesign.com/Business-Financial/Sheri-McCoy-is-the-only-woman-leading-a-beauty-company-on-the-Fortune-500 Copyright - Unless otherwise stated all contents of this web site are © 2017 - William Reed Business Media SAS - All Rights Reserved - Full details for the use of materials on this site can be found in the Terms & Conditions Related news: Pat Schneider accepts CEO role at Biova Tara Poseley joins Paula’s Choice Skincare as CEO BIA Best Indie Beauty Brand winner Nannette De Gaspé in conversation with Cosmetics Design RELATED TOPICS: Business & Financial, Color Cosmetics, Nutricosmetics, Fragrance, Hair Care, Packaging, Skin Care Subscribe to our FREE newsletter Get FREE access to authoritative breaking news, videos, podcasts, webinars and white papers. SUBSCRIBE Related products Our volunteers feel happier, know why! Provital Group | 19-Jun-2017 | Data sheet The main concern regarding personal care, for people aged 55+ is dry/flaky skin.It is not only a question of image, but it also of qualit... Hello Face, Goodbye Oil Sabinsa Cosmetics | 30-May-2017 | Clinical study Discover an oil control moisturizer made from potent patented ingredients having sebum regulation activity that controls excess oiliness... A New Approach to Environmental Stress Chemyunion | 21-Jun-2017 | Live Supplier Webinar More than 80% of people living in urban areas are exposed to air quality that exceeds the WHO limits. Studies have shown that exposure t... INVINCITY®, the “invincible” weapon against Polluaging® Solabia Group | 22-May-2017 | Product brochure INVINCITY®, Inhibitor of the Aryl-Hydrocarbon (AhR) receptor activation induced by pollution, is a concentrated form of Fucoidans (sulpha... Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm? CODIF | 21-Jun-2017 | Live Supplier Webinar After a busy day, a jetlag, a hectic day with children, you always find the energy to become strong again and…to re-start! What about you... Et-VC™ & Azeclair™ : Design for Daily Urban Protection Corum | 16-May-2017 | Case study Et-VC™, a stable, powerful multi-functional vitamin C derivative proven to effectively rejuvenate skin and even out complexion. New rece... Aging Hair Care through the Legendary Power of Baobab TRI-K Industries Inc. | 15-May-2017 | Data sheet Anti-aging for hair is quickly becoming a large and formidable category in hair care. The explanation behind anti-aging of hair can be de... Smart Hair Repair: KeraSym™ Restore Symrise | 10-May-2017 | Product brochure Wheat proteins have long been hair care favorites bringing in the powerful image of one of the oldest and most cherished nourishing grain... INTRODUCING SMART WARMING TECHNOLOGY Symrise | 27-Apr-2017 | Product brochure A warming sensation may completely transform a product experience.  It triggers relaxation, enhances the perception of the formula’... WS SA50TM- Enhanced Aqueous Solubility Technology for Salicylic Acid Tagra | 24-Apr-2017 | Product brochure WS SA50TM - Tagra’s unique technology leads to a significant increase in Salicylic acid water solubility without high-energy investment w... Rejuvenation through epigenetic science Mibelle Biochemistry | 24-Apr-2017 | Case study Inspired by epigenetic science, RoyalEpigen P5 has been designed to delay the aging of skin. Both lifestyles and environmental factors ha... A unique active plant cell complex, consisting of Indian jasmine cells with integrated Gamma Mangosteen, improves general aspect of face Naolys | 24-Apr-2017 | Product brochure Naolys has been the leader in plant cell culture for 14 years, developing innovative, unique active ingredients, with whole plant cells r... Natural peptide to sculpt & contour the jawline TRI-K Industries Inc. | 12-Apr-2017 | Data sheet TRI-K has developed a new botanical based, natural peptide, NaturePep™ Sacha Inchi - the next of their NaturePep™ platform – launched at... Proven Efficacy in Reducing Pollutant Permeation Chemyunion | 10-Apr-2017 | Case study SkinBlitz protects the DNA of cells exposed to pollution, reduces the biomarkers of environmental stress, inhibits hyperpigmentation and... Global Distinctions in Cosmetic Regulations and Marketing IQPC | 27-Mar-2017 | Case study With regulations still evolving from emerging markets, which are incorporating their own standards to ensure consumer safety and transpar... Performance of Sunscreens with Zemea® Propanediol DuPont Tate & Lyle Bio Products | 20-Mar-2017 | Technical / white paper Two underutilized OTC Category 1 sunscreen actives include ensulizole and sulisobenzone. Downfalls of these water-soluble actives are cry... Emollient Solutions: APRINNOVA’S NEOSSANCE® Squalane APRINNOVA | 13-Mar-2017 | Product brochure Formulators have long recognized Squalane’s value as a superior emollient. APRINNOVA’S NEOSSANCE SQUALANE, derived via fermentation of su... Speed up formula development and ensure market requirement, using performance software solutions designed for cosmetic R&D lab Coptis | 16-Mar-2017 | On-Demand Supplier Webinar The Cosmetic product development generates large amounts of data and documents. Proper integration of your raw materials, ingredients, fo... Pycnogenol® Contributes to Skin Hydration and Reduces Pigmentation Horphag | 21-Sep-2016 | Technical / white paper A newly published review in Skin Pharmacology and Physiology on Pycnogenol®, French maritime pine bark extract, reveals supplementation w... Related suppliers Acme Hardesty | APRINNOVA | Chemyunion | INOLEX | IQPC | Mibelle Biochemistry | Sensient Cosmetic Technologies Most Popular News 1The top ten most innovative indie beauty products 2Indie Beauty: Where ideas, inspiration, innovation, and investments happen in the cosmetics and personal care industry today (part 1 of 2) 3DevaCurl acquired 4Fragrance ingredients made via fermentation have arrived on a commercial scale 5Will the UN instate a global ban on animal testing for cosmetics? Key Industry Events 09-Jul-2017 Cosmoprof North America Las Vegas, Nevada / Exhibition Read more 06-Sep-2017 ADF&PCD New York City / Conference and exhibition Read more 20-Sep-2017 in-cosmetics Latin America São Paulo, Brazil / Conference and exhibition Read more Access all events listing Products Our volunteers feel happier, know why! Provital Group Hello Face, Goodbye Oil Sabinsa Cosmetics INVINCITY®, the “invincible” weapon against Polluaging® Solabia Group Et-VC™ & Azeclair™ : Design for Daily Urban Protection Corum Aging Hair Care through the Legendary Power of Baobab TRI-K Industries Inc. Smart Hair Repair: KeraSym™ Restore Symrise View All Products Live Supplier Webinars 21-Jun-2017 Overview and trends report of skin care market William Reed Business Media 21-Jun-2017 Roundtable discussion on probiotics in skincare William Reed Business Media 21-Jun-2017 A New Approach to Environmental Stress Chemyunion 21-Jun-2017 Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm? CODIF On demand Supplier Webinars Speed up formula development and ensure market requirement, using performance software solutions designed for cosmetic R&D lab Coptis All supplier webinars Today's Headlines Sheri McCoy is the only woman leading a beauty company on the Fortune 500 Kimberly Mokosso is the new president of Illume L’Oréal launches an in-house app to welcome new hires Promotional Features By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Sea anemone venom for sensitive skin By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Fighting cellulite and fat deposits by stimulating brown fat activity By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Rejuvenation through epigenetic science Weekly / Daily Free Newsletters CosmeticsDesign.com USA CosmeticsDesign-Europe.com CosmeticsDesign-Asia.com Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Weekly Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Weekly Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Weekly       Skin Care Skin Care Skin Care Hair Care Hair Care Hair Care Color Cosmetics Colour Cosmetics Color Cosmetics Fragrance Fragrance Fragrance Nutricosmetics Nutricosmetics Nutricosmetics Packaging Packaging Packaging Subscribe to our FREE newsletterSUBSCRIBE Related Sites from our Team Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe  |  Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific About us | Editorial Calendar | Site map | All sites | Recommend this Site | Advertise | Contact the Editor | Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookie Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Ask a Fool: What Are Some Great Stocks for College Students? The best stocks for younger investors might not be what you'd expect. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Jun 9, 2017 at 12:52PM Q: I'm in college and want to start investing. What are some good stocks for young investors? As a young investor just starting out, now is the time to be somewhat aggressive with your investments in order to take advantage of your long time horizon, but it's also the time to learn as much as you can. For that reason, my hands-down favorite stock for new investors (of all ages) is Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-B). The company has a winning and diversified business model that should allow it to continue to beat the market for decades to come. More importantly, by simply following along with how the company conducts its business (specifically, by reading Warren Buffett's letters to shareholders and watching the company's annual meetings), you'll learn many valuable lessons that will serve you for the rest of your life. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is another good choice for new investors, as the company makes exciting, popular products, but also has an extremely durable business model and several key competitive advantages. In fact, Berkshire Hathaway is one of Apple's largest shareholders. Other favorites of mine for newer investors include time-tested, low-volatility companies such as Johnson & Johnson, Walt Disney, and Procter & Gamble. Once you have formed rock-solid base to your portfolio with a few stocks like these, then it's OK to speculate a bit with companies that could be "the next big thing." Just make sure you start investing first with stocks whose price movements won't keep you awake at night. Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of June 5, 2017. Matthew Frankel owns shares of Apple and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), Johnson & Johnson, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Jun 9, 2017 at 12:52PM Investment Planning Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $148.98 down $-6.01 (-3.88%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $170.00 up $3.06 (1.83%) Read More Warren Buffett's Best Dividend Stocks for 2016 Warren Buffett Buys These 3 Stocks, Should You Too? 3 Stocks Warren Buffett Added To Last Quarter 3 Stocks You Can Buy and Hold for the Next Decade Warren Buffett’s Advice for a Donald Trump Presidency Compare Brokers Current Ask a Fool: What Are Some Great Stocks for College Students? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $BRK-B
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by Persistence Market Research Men’s Grooming Products Market Size to Surpass US$ 104,199.2 Mn by 2024 Persistence Market Research’s study on the global men’s grooming products market has been compiled in the report titled “Global Men’s Grooming Products Sales Estimated to Reach US$ 104,199.2 Million by 2024 End; Europe’s Revenue Share to Remain Dominant.” Personalized shopping through e-commerce outlets has been identified as a key driving factor men’s grooming products globally. Increasing FDI in e-tailing businesses is further urging manufacturers of men’s grooming products to intensify their distribution operations through online retail channels. Easy accessibility and low costs are key factors for the rising men’s grooming products sales through e-commerce and online retail websites. Over the forecast period, online distribution channels will give rise to an absolute increment of more than US$ 12 billion. Nevertheless, sales of men’s grooming products through supermarkets and independent retail outlets remain key for companies looking to improve their sales potential by catering to impulsive buying and focusing on customer rapport. Browse Complete Report @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/mens-grooming-products-market.asp With nearly 40% revenue share, Europe will continue to remain the most attractive market for men’s grooming products. Germany, France, and the UK remain the top three markets, collectively accounting for over half of the revenue share of the Europe men’s grooming products market. North America, the second largest market globally, will rake in US$ 29 Bn in revenues by 2024. In terms of market value, the US$ 54 billion global market for men’s grooming products will expand at a CAGR of 8.4% through 2024. Key Regional Findings In North America, shave care products and fragrances will be the top-selling men’s grooming products, The market in Asia Pacific will continue to post steady gains on account of rapidly growing sales in China Globally, the sales of men’s shave care products such as trimmers will be way higher than any other types of grooming products. Being the highest-selling products in the global market, consumption of men’s shave care products will be valued at over US$ 40 billion by the end of 2024. Subsequently, men’s grooming products sales under fragrances will account for nearly 35% of the global market over the projected period. Hair care products sales will register a market value share of about 10%, while the demand for men’s toiletries will be pared down as compared to the above types of grooming products. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/mens-grooming-products-market/toc Higher disposable incomes don’t necessarily instrument higher sales of men’s grooming products in the premium price range. Half of the global men’s grooming products revenues are concentrated in the mid-price range, with over 7,000 million expected to be sold globally over the forecast period. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11581 Procter & Gamble Co. will retain its competitive position as the global leader in shave care products. Independently, the company will also be dominant in the overall global men’s grooming products market by accounting for more than 10% market share. However, local manufacturers of men’s grooming products will collectively dominate the global market by accounting for nearly one-third of its market value. Accordingly, acquisition of such native players will be a strategic measure of expanding market presence for global leaders in consumer goods. Johnson & Johnson Private Limited, Koninklijke Philips N.V., ITC Limited, Coty Inc., Unilever PLC., Colgate-Palmolive Company, and Edgewell Personal Care Co., among others, are some leading manufacturers of men’s grooming products that intend to expand their businesses through acquisitions. Furthermore, L’Oréal S.A. and Beiersdorf AG are also some of the recognized players participating in the growth of the global men’s grooming products market. CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific Steam Boiler Systems Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Train Loaders market to Grow at 5.80% CAGR to 2021: Growth Factors & Trends Search Recent Posts Global SaaS Based HRM Market Trends, Challenges and Growth Drivers Analysis 2022 Universal Grease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Alginic Acid (CAS 9005-38-3) Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Learn details of the Global PSD2 and Open Banking Market: growth with CAGR in forecast-2022 Global Metal Deactivator Market – Analysis and Trends RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Labs Blog Mobile About Us Help Login / Register Home Updates Countries Disasters Topics Organizations Jobs Training 09 Jun 2017 Research Intern - REF: RI/06/2017 (3 Positions) Jobfrom CARE — Closing date: 15 Jun 2017 JOB SUMMARY & PURPOSE: Responsible and accountable to the Field Officer, the research intern will form part of the SWS project and will be attached to SWS project sites. S/he is expected to assist in data collection, data analysis and writing of research reports. S/he is also expected to assist the project identify key research areas on WASH in line with project’s strategic objective 4 which aims to foster advocacy and research to enhance accountability and sustainability of the project goal. Tasks and Responsibilities R 1: Data Collection and Analysis Task Task 1.1 Identify research topics in relation to WASH Task 1.2 Assist in research tools formulation Task 1.3 Assists in data collection and data quality assurance Task 1.4 Assist in data analysis R 2: Project Activities Task Task 2.1 Assist the FO in enhancing linkages at the community level to boost the adoption of safe drinking water and hygiene practices Task 2.2 Assist FO in ensuring in increasing partners’ knowledge and improve access to safe drinking water using P&G Purifier of Water and hygiene promotion in schools and clinics Task 2.3 School water quality monitoring and maintenance monitoring R2: Representation and Coordination Task Task 2.1 Represent SWS project in community meetings related to the project R3: Delegated Duties Task 3.1 Perform other responsibilities as may be directed by the FO AUTHORITY: Spending Authority: None Supervision: None Decision Making: CONTACTS/KEY RELATIONSHIPS (internal & external): GOK Officials Project Manager Field Officers WORKING CONDITIONS: 90% time in the field and 10% time in the main office/Kisumu office QUALIFICATIONS: Education: Degree in Environmental Health Sciences/Public Health/Statistics. Experience: A minimum of 1 year of relevant experience in health research Certificate: Research Ethics course will be an added advantage Competencies: Good report-writing skills, data collection and analysis, Computer Literacy How to apply: Register/login using the link http://collaboration.stl-horizon.com/irc/site/signup OR send your application letter indicating the reference number, title of the position along with an updated CV with email and telephone contacts of three professional referees to: The Human Resources Manager , CARE International in Kenya, Email: Vacancies@care.or.ke Deadline: 15th June, 2017.** Only short listed candidates will be contacted. CARE is an equal opportunity employer and promotes gender equity. Canvassing will lead to automatic disqualification. *CARE International in Kenya does not charge a fee at any stage of the recruitment process. (Application, interview, meeting, processing, training or any other fees).**Qualified Female candidates are highly encouraged to apply* Job ID: #2066654 Career Categories: Information Management Country: Kenya City: Siaya & Migori Theme: Water Sanitation Hygiene Years of experience: 0-3 years Job type: Internship How to apply Home Updates Countries Disasters Topics Organizations Jobs Training About Us Help ReliefWeb Informing humanitarians worldwide. A service provided by ReliefWeb has been the leading online source for reliable and timely humanitarian information on global crises and disasters since 1996. Learn more about ReliefWeb When famine stalks the land In February, the United Nations declared famine in Unity State, a northern area of South Sudan (WFP, UNICEF, FAO, 20 Feb 2017).Read more Visit the blog Connect With ReliefWeb Receive news about us Related Sites Submit Content Share information through ReliefWeb to better inform humanitarians worldwide. How to submit content Tools API - Real-time data stream to power next-generation apps. Location Maps - Country maps for your reports and presentations. Humanitarian Icons - Ready-to-use symbols and icons. Free download. ReliefWeb Videos - Selected humanitarian videos for countries, topics and organizations. RSS - Subscribe to information finely tuned to your needs. Frequently Asked Questions - Get answers to common problems and learn more about ReliefWeb. Contact Us - Ask questions and suggest improvements.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by DecisionDatabases Distilled Fatty Acids Market | Outlook Research Report 2016-2023 The new research report on Distilled Fatty Acids Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2023. Distilled fatty acids are liquids or soft solids raw materials in the products to enhance properties such as dissolution rate, lather generation and product viscosity. The grades of these fatty acids depends upon the types of vegetable oils and their products. They are used in paints, inks, special surface cleaning soaps, detergents, fractionated fatty acids, dimer acids, oleines, stearines, surfactants and lubricants This report examines the global distilled fatty acids market and provides information regarding the revenue (USD Million) and volume (Kilo Tons) for the period 2016 to 2023. It further elaborates the market drivers which contribute to the growth. It then describes the restraints that are faced by the market. The market is classified into various segments with deep analysis of each segment for the study period. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-377 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Alnor Oil Co, Inc., Arizona Chemical Company LLC, BASF SE, Berg + Schmidt, Cargill Inc., Eastman Chemical Company, Emery Oleochemicals Group, Evonik Industries, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, MYRIANT, P&G Chemicals, PTT Global Chemical Public Company Ltd., Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company and Wilmar International Ltd. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Sources and Applications. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Distilled Fatty Acids market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Sources Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Applications Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Distilled Fatty Acids Companies Company Profiles Of The Distilled Fatty Acids Industry Purchase Complete Global Distilled Fatty Acids Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-377 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Adhesive Equipment Market | Global Industry Research Report 2016-2023 Latest Added By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Industrial Steam Turbines Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Posted on 9 June 2017 by DecisionDatabases Distilled Fatty Acids Market | Outlook Research Report 2016-2023 The new research report on Distilled Fatty Acids Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2023. Distilled fatty acids are liquids or soft solids raw materials in the products to enhance properties such as dissolution rate, lather generation and product viscosity. The grades of these fatty acids depends upon the types of vegetable oils and their products. They are used in paints, inks, special surface cleaning soaps, detergents, fractionated fatty acids, dimer acids, oleines, stearines, surfactants and lubricants This report examines the global distilled fatty acids market and provides information regarding the revenue (USD Million) and volume (Kilo Tons) for the period 2016 to 2023. It further elaborates the market drivers which contribute to the growth. It then describes the restraints that are faced by the market. The market is classified into various segments with deep analysis of each segment for the study period. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-377 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Alnor Oil Co, Inc., Arizona Chemical Company LLC, BASF SE, Berg + Schmidt, Cargill Inc., Eastman Chemical Company, Emery Oleochemicals Group, Evonik Industries, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, MYRIANT, P&G Chemicals, PTT Global Chemical Public Company Ltd., Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company and Wilmar International Ltd. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Sources and Applications. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Distilled Fatty Acids market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Sources Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Applications Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Distilled Fatty Acids Companies Company Profiles Of The Distilled Fatty Acids Industry Purchase Complete Global Distilled Fatty Acids Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-377 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Adhesive Equipment Market | Global Industry Research Report 2016-2023 Latest Added By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Industrial Steam Turbines Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Posted on 9 June 2017 by DecisionDatabases Distilled Fatty Acids Market | Outlook Research Report 2016-2023 The new research report on Distilled Fatty Acids Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2023. Distilled fatty acids are liquids or soft solids raw materials in the products to enhance properties such as dissolution rate, lather generation and product viscosity. The grades of these fatty acids depends upon the types of vegetable oils and their products. They are used in paints, inks, special surface cleaning soaps, detergents, fractionated fatty acids, dimer acids, oleines, stearines, surfactants and lubricants This report examines the global distilled fatty acids market and provides information regarding the revenue (USD Million) and volume (Kilo Tons) for the period 2016 to 2023. It further elaborates the market drivers which contribute to the growth. It then describes the restraints that are faced by the market. The market is classified into various segments with deep analysis of each segment for the study period. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-377 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Alnor Oil Co, Inc., Arizona Chemical Company LLC, BASF SE, Berg + Schmidt, Cargill Inc., Eastman Chemical Company, Emery Oleochemicals Group, Evonik Industries, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, MYRIANT, P&G Chemicals, PTT Global Chemical Public Company Ltd., Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company and Wilmar International Ltd. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Sources and Applications. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Distilled Fatty Acids market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Sources Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Applications Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Distilled Fatty Acids Companies Company Profiles Of The Distilled Fatty Acids Industry Purchase Complete Global Distilled Fatty Acids Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-377 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Adhesive Equipment Market | Global Industry Research Report 2016-2023 Latest Added By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Industrial Steam Turbines Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Posted on 9 June 2017 by DecisionDatabases Distilled Fatty Acids Market | Outlook Research Report 2016-2023 The new research report on Distilled Fatty Acids Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2023. Distilled fatty acids are liquids or soft solids raw materials in the products to enhance properties such as dissolution rate, lather generation and product viscosity. The grades of these fatty acids depends upon the types of vegetable oils and their products. They are used in paints, inks, special surface cleaning soaps, detergents, fractionated fatty acids, dimer acids, oleines, stearines, surfactants and lubricants This report examines the global distilled fatty acids market and provides information regarding the revenue (USD Million) and volume (Kilo Tons) for the period 2016 to 2023. It further elaborates the market drivers which contribute to the growth. It then describes the restraints that are faced by the market. The market is classified into various segments with deep analysis of each segment for the study period. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-377 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Alnor Oil Co, Inc., Arizona Chemical Company LLC, BASF SE, Berg + Schmidt, Cargill Inc., Eastman Chemical Company, Emery Oleochemicals Group, Evonik Industries, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, MYRIANT, P&G Chemicals, PTT Global Chemical Public Company Ltd., Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company and Wilmar International Ltd. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Sources and Applications. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Distilled Fatty Acids market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Sources Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Applications Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Distilled Fatty Acids Companies Company Profiles Of The Distilled Fatty Acids Industry Purchase Complete Global Distilled Fatty Acids Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-377 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Adhesive Equipment Market | Global Industry Research Report 2016-2023 Latest Added By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Industrial Steam Turbines Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Posted on 9 June 2017 by DecisionDatabases Distilled Fatty Acids Market | Outlook Research Report 2016-2023 The new research report on Distilled Fatty Acids Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2023. Distilled fatty acids are liquids or soft solids raw materials in the products to enhance properties such as dissolution rate, lather generation and product viscosity. The grades of these fatty acids depends upon the types of vegetable oils and their products. They are used in paints, inks, special surface cleaning soaps, detergents, fractionated fatty acids, dimer acids, oleines, stearines, surfactants and lubricants This report examines the global distilled fatty acids market and provides information regarding the revenue (USD Million) and volume (Kilo Tons) for the period 2016 to 2023. It further elaborates the market drivers which contribute to the growth. It then describes the restraints that are faced by the market. The market is classified into various segments with deep analysis of each segment for the study period. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-377 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Alnor Oil Co, Inc., Arizona Chemical Company LLC, BASF SE, Berg + Schmidt, Cargill Inc., Eastman Chemical Company, Emery Oleochemicals Group, Evonik Industries, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, MYRIANT, P&G Chemicals, PTT Global Chemical Public Company Ltd., Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company and Wilmar International Ltd. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Sources and Applications. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Distilled Fatty Acids market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Sources Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Applications Distilled Fatty Acids Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Distilled Fatty Acids Companies Company Profiles Of The Distilled Fatty Acids Industry Purchase Complete Global Distilled Fatty Acids Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-377 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Adhesive Equipment Market | Global Industry Research Report 2016-2023 Latest Added By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Industrial Steam Turbines Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global SaaS Based HRM Market Trends, Challenges and Growth Drivers Analysis 2022 Universal Grease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Alginic Acid (CAS 9005-38-3) Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Learn details of the Global PSD2 and Open Banking Market: growth with CAGR in forecast-2022 Global Metal Deactivator Market – Analysis and Trends RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Follow @triplepundit 48.6k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Responsible Forestry In this series sponsored by Procter and Gamble, we’ll explore what it means to practice “responsible forestry” and how trailblazing companies can lead the way. Sponsored by Procter & Gamble Close Events Good Capital Project (3p discount code “GC_TriplePundit “) The Good Capital Project, through a new design thinking process, will convene all constituents to drive greater collaboration and accelerate capital flows into purpose driven investments. [REGISTER HERE] Use code GC_TriplePundit for 15% off June 19: New York Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit NPR and Starbucks: Polarizing Brands that Still Succeed by Leon Kaye on Friday, Jun 9th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Starbucks – polarizing yet still wildly popular In the wake of the Trump era, Brexit and as of press time, a potentially hung Parliament in the United Kingdom, trust in many of our institutions is trending low. The business community actually has a strong opportunity to step in and build trust and positive impact. President Trump’s announcement last week that the U.S. will leave the Paris Agreement serves as just one example where a vacuum of leadership exists. The problem, as the branding consultancy Enso has outlined in a recent report, is that while 80 percent of the consumers it surveyed said they believe that business can make a positive impact on society, only 41 percent trust business leaders to do what’s best for people. The survey also found plenty of opportunities for businesses and non-profits to hone their messages in order to find ways to broaden their appeal to what has become an increasingly fickle consumer base. Interestingly enough, Starbucks and National Public Radio (NPR) were found to be the most polarizing brands amongst 150 various brands it surveyed. In the case of the coffee giant and news service, being polarizing may not necessarily be a bad thing: Starbucks’ revenues keep increasing at a steady pace, while NPR has claimed it enjoyed a surge in listeners during last year’s presidential election season. But where brands can glean some guidance on what they need to do to boost their appeal amongst consumers is what Enso’s researchers found when they determined the overall top 10 brands. And those organizations are quite the motley crew, as the top three, in order, are Goodwill, Girl Scouts of America and Amazon. Other organizations making that list include Google, Save the Children, Microsoft, YMCA, WWF, Dove and (in a victory considering its former spokesman’s heinous fall from grace), Subway. And what, you may wonder, what those groups share in common? Words associated with those brands included ‘world,’ ‘healthy,’ ‘care,’ ‘good,’ ‘community,’ ‘help,’ ‘people’ and ‘skills.’ To some of these companies’ critics, tagging Amazon with “good” or Subway with “healthy” may be a stretch – but to those firms’ credit, they have earned that reputation for better or worse. Then there are some brands, which rather unfairly, have a perception challenge. “Procter and Gamble seems to have a Millennial problem,” summarized Enzo’s researchers. That may be true, as the under-35 crowd may not so quick to “squeeze the Charmin,” unlike their parents and grandparents, who in general are old enough to remember Mr. Whipple. But if there is one company that should earn the affection of Millennials, it is P&G, which has worked behind the scenes on improving sustainable forestry in the U.S. while one of its brands, Vicks, was gutsy enough to showcase the love of a transgender parent in India. The trick for P&G is to make its timeless, and arguably, stodgy brands, appeal to a crowd that is always looking for the hottest and best thing to tout on Instagram. Some of Enso’s findings are not so surprising, and even border on cliché. Democrats love Starbucks and Ben & Jerry’s, while apparently, Republicans crush on ExxonMobil and Pfizer. And nobody apparently cares much for Monsanto, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs and Marlboro (Snapchat, curiously, was near the bottom of the list, one step below Coors). A key lesson for brands is to strengthen their appeal across various types of demographics so that they can retain and strengthen their reputation. And this is where Starbucks scores win after win. It should be no surprise that the company is seen as “polarizing,” as it has stepped into social and political issues that include race, refugees, guns and LGBT equality. So while Millennials may be ditching large personal care brands and sit-down restaurant chains, they are still visiting Starbucks; and the coffee company that seems to be on every street corner is also frequented by what Enso describes as “Multiculturalists” (curious about the world) and “Elites” (higher income earners). Boomers, dads and Republicans may be wary of Starbucks; but based on the long lines typical at 8:00 a.m., Starbucks revenues have kept growing at a reliable pace anyway. The challenge that brands have as they seek to become “purpose-driven” is that they also need to be inclusive. The Enso data reveals that consumers who insist that companies have a social cause have the luxury to think along those lines because they can afford to do so. Consumers with lower incomes are just trying to get by, so they are eschewing the likes of Trader Joe’s, Starbucks, and Patagonia. They also maintain a distrust of business leaders and often do not feel as if they can affect the world around them. Meanwhile, lower income earners remain loyal to brands such as Walmart, McDonald’s, Lay’s and eBay. Therefore, if a brand crack that nut and prove that activism does not have to be a luxury, then they can score a big victory in winning over new consumers – and scoring that valuable commodity known as trust. Image credit: Garry Knight/Flickr Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6619 articles in this category: Kabul Bombing Claims Lives of 30 B Corp Employees NPR and Starbucks: Polarizing Brands that Still Succeed There Are Climate Change Refugees in the U.S. Right Now Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Social Media: Marissa Rosen TriplePundit is a part of 3BL Media. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Soldier Features MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Search news, photos and videos on Army.mil Army Analysis Organizations Show High Return on Investment By Shannon L. RussMay 31, 2017 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email 1 / 1 Show Caption + Hide Caption – (Photo Credit: U.S. Army) VIEW ORIGINAL WASHINGTON, DC (May 31, 2017) -- The U.S. Army, just like private industry perform studies and analysis to realize cost savings and avoidance, to inform decision-making by leadership, and to determine the appropriate direction in which to proceed. Measuring Business Intelligence (BI), analytics, and Return on Investment (ROI) are vital to all organizations, but how does the U.S. Army compare to private industry in terms of measuring and analyzing these initiatives? In terms of return on investment (ROI) -- a comparison of investment cost with gains or resulting cost savings and cost avoidance -- Army analysis compares favorably with private industry. The Army ensures all analytical efforts performed through the Army Study Program Management Office, which is responsible for allocation of centrally managed Headquarters, Department of the Army Study resources, undergo a rigorous review process which considers ROI among the highest-weighted decision factors. The Army places great value on its analytic community and the professional development of its members. The U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command Analysis Center (TRAC) estimates that the cost to recruit, train, and retain a civilian ORSA is approximately $600,000 over seven years. The analytics conducted by internal Army analysis organizations result in similar, if not greater cost savings with higher returns on investment than Fortune 500 companies. For example, the team at TRAC leads a vast majority of studies called Analyses of Alternatives (AoA). A recent AoA analyzed replacement of the GATOR mine system at a cost of $6.9 million, but resulted in $5.6 billion in cost savings -- an 812:1 ROI. Another AoA conducted to analyze Humvee replacement cost TRAC $3.4 million and resulted in $19.4 billion in cost savings for the Army, realizing a 5,706:1 ROI. These are only two of many examples of cost savings realized by TRAC AoAs. The U.S. Army Materiel Systems Analysis Activity (AMSAA) also conducts AoAs. One effort that cost $3.3 million to conduct informed a preferred cost effective alternative decision, resulting in cost avoidance of $199 million and an ROI of 60:1. The AMSAA staff also provides analytical support to Army Materiel Command for Secondary Item Excess Inventory Reduction efforts at an annual cost of $150,000. The reduction efforts led to a cost avoidance of $56 million annually, realizing a ROI of 370:1. Significant ROI may be realized through cost avoidance or results that inform major decisions. This is especially true for the Army, where ROI may be realized through enhanced security or efficiency. Addressing a critical need for U.S. Central Command and the U.S. Government to identify and interdict illicit money transfers that finance terrorist activities, analysts at the Center for Army Analysis used big-data analytics to develop methods and tools that queried, merged, and compared multiple large databases. The results supported the exploitation of an international criminal cyber network's financial transactions, and represent substantial ROI in terms of avoided cost. Examples of cost savings and avoidance based on analysis from private industry are also numerous. Proctor & Gamble for example, has applied operations research methods to reorganize sourcing and distribution approaches, saving the company $200 million. The company relies heavily on their data analytics team for significant analyses on supply-chain structure and the team's recommendations have generated more than $1 billion in cost savings. General Motors (GM) also applies operations research methods to change the way it leverages advanced analytics; no area of GM appears to be untouched by analytical methods. General Motors estimates that savings resulting from the implementation of analytical efforts are estimated at more than $2 billion over the past two decades. The RAND Arroyo Center, the Army's primary Federally Funded Research and Development Center, receives funding from the Army to perform studies and analyses on an annual basis. RAND Arroyo Center support for the Army during Operation Iraqi Freedom/Operation Enduring Freedom (OIF/OEF) provides several examples of significant ROI. For example, multiple Arroyo Center projects developed enhanced business rules and algorithms for deciding when to retain and reutilize serviceable inventory in theater, rather than dispose of it or ship it back to the U.S. This resulted in a cost avoidance of $110 million. Since the initial cost of these efforts was $1.025 million, the Army realized a 100:1 ROI. Also in support of OIF/OEF, Arroyo Center analysis demonstrated that the Army could save significant resources and improve readiness by establishing an inventory buffer for high-demand but low-cost items in Kuwait, and replenishing those items by sealift. This analysis at a cost of $810,000, led to savings of more than $1 billion and a 1000:1 ROI. In the future, Fortune 500 corporations will continue to examine their strategies and their business capabilities to understand where they can get an analytical edge. The same is true for U.S. Army analytic organizations, as they focus on what makes their organizations distinctive and how analytics can support or drive a distinctive capability to achieve cost savings or improvements in efficiency or safety. RELATED LINKS Army Study Program Management Office US Army DCS G-8 RELATED STORIES May 25, 2017MWR Central trips relieve planning pressure, hidden costs April 19, 2017Fort Knox: Saving Money, Saving the Environment May 19, 2017Army recognizes best Lean Six Sigma initiatives May 24, 2017Military blood program surges to promising future May 28, 201782nd Airborne Paratroopers hold Strongman Competition in Iraq May 28, 2017Maj. Gen. Martin visits 2nd Brigade, 82nd Airborne patrol base in Iraq May 28, 20172nd Brigade, 82nd Airborne recons patrol base site for advise and assist mission May 20, 2017Lt. Gen. Townsend visits 82nd Airborne Paratroopers at Bakhira May 23, 2017Caring for others fuels nursing career pursuits May 20, 2017Combined Joint Forces Land Component Command leaders discuse future operations in Mosul May 20, 201782nd Airborne Paratroopers serve in Iraq as part of Coalition against ISIS May 20, 201782nd Airborne Paratrooper receives French award for Coalition service in Iraq May 12, 2017Research day gives peek at future of medicine May 10, 2017Marshall Center Course Strengthens Language Skills to Fight Organized Crime May 17, 2017Landstuhl SATCOM facility cuts ribbon on new building Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA No FEAR Act Social Sharing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Sat, Jun 10, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Who will be Leo Varadkar’s Minister for Finance? The incoming taoiseach faces a decision between Paschal Donohoe and Richard Bruton Fri, Jun 9, 2017, 05:30 Sarah Bardon File image of Minister for Public Expenditure Paschal Donohoe and Minister for Education Richard Bruton. Photograph: Cyril Byrne/The Irish Times         The office of the minister for finance is the most coveted position in any government and arguably a more important role than that of the taoiseach. It is unclear what Leo Varadkar’s ambitions are for the department. He has floated the prospect of merging the department of public expenditure and reform with finance. There is also speculation that he will appoint one minister to oversee the two departments, assisted by two ministers of state. The shape of the department will determine its occupant. If there is only one department, the most likely incumbent will be the current Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform, Paschal Donohoe. However, if the incoming taoiseach leaves the two departments intact, Minister for Education Richard Bruton may win the prize of finance, something that eluded him under Enda Kenny’s tenure. As finance spokesman for Fine Gael from 2002 to 2010, Mr Bruton was destined for Merrion Street until his failed heave against Enda Kenny in 2010 ensured his relegation. It was he who proposed splitting the department of finance in two. In a document authored by Mr Bruton in 2010, Fine Gael argued for an Office of Public Spending and Modernisation to be established. The idea at that point was that the department of finance had failed. It had allowed systemic risks in the economy to build up and had an excessive breadth of responsibilities. Mr Bruton’s position has not changed over the past six years. Mr Donohoe, meanwhile, has effectively been doing two jobs for the past 18 months. As Michael Noonan’s health deteriorated, the Dublin Central TD was tasked with assisting the Minister for Finance, as well as doing his day job. Both men are well qualified for the role. Mr Bruton is an economist, who studied at Oxford University. The Dublin Bay North TD’s thesis at Oxford was on the subject of Irish public debt. How to be taoiseach: A guide to Ireland's most powerful job Meet the Varadkars: ‘I want Leo to look after the most vulnerable’ FG’s ‘five-a-side’ team have graduated to Varadkar premiership Mr Donohoe has a first class honours degree in politics and economics from Trinity College. He spent a decade working as a sales director for Procter & Gamble in the UK before devoting his career to politics. Influential Politically, Mr Varadkar is in a bind. Both men were hugely influential in his success in the Fine Gael leadership contest. Paschal Donohoe was seen as the kingmaker, but Richard Bruton was a huge coup. Hours into the campaign, Mr Bruton confirmed he would not contest the position and would be supporting Mr Varadkar. Mr Bruton called the two candidates to inform them of his decision. He managed to get in touch only with Simon Coveney. A reporter broke the news to Leo Varadkar at the end of the meeting. He was surprised to learn of Mr Bruton’s early declaration, although not stunned by his support. In a way, Mr Bruton’s support was a game-changer for Mr Varadkar. It allowed reluctant others to declare for Leo Varadkar. A day later Mr Donohoe confirmed the worst kept secret in politics. He was backing Mr Varadkar. This was a position he had made clear to his younger colleague a number of weeks beforehand. Paschal Donohoe is highly influential in the party. His support was vital for Mr Varadkar. Michael Noonan leaves the Department of Finance and the economy in a much more secure position than he found it in. However, the problems Fine Gael identified in 2010 remain. The Department of Finance, it said then, was too big and unfit for purpose. If merged with the Department of Public Expenditure (DPER) again, it may be too hefty for one minister and could leave the Government exposed. It may also be argued that income and expenditure should not be in separate government departments. Leo Varadkar, meanwhile, is left with the almost impossible choice of dividing or uniting the departments, and his supporters. CVs Name: Paschal Donohoe Age: 42 Position: Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform Previous experience: Honours in politics and economics; sales director with Procter & Gamble; minister of state at the department for European affairs 2013-2014; minister for transport 2014-2016; Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform 2016 to date Name: Richard Bruton Age: 64 Position: Minister for Education Previous experience: PhD in economics, Economic and Social Research Institute; minister for enterprise and employment from 1994 to 1997; Fine Gael finance spokesman from 2002-2010, minister for jobs, enterprise and investment 2011-2015; Minister for Education 2016 to date       Topics: Michael Noonan Paschal Donohoe Age Richard Bruton Department Of Public Expenditure Department of Finance Read More What will Arlene Foster do with her new position of power? Cabinet whip-round marks Enda and Noonan’s retirement Enda Kenny to announce resignation in Dáil on Tuesday Middle ground punished in Orange versus Green battle  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Transport & Tourism Dublin and Cork airport staff to seek pay rises and share of profits Work Why we should shed our ‘shoulds’ Rugby Crusaders v Lions Economy Three key questions UK general election poses for Irish economy Sponsored A new whiskey story: from father to son Business Achievers allows Ulster Bank reboot business support ‘I’ve never let fear stop me from doing anything’ Impact of cyber threats on business set to increase Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Telcos tell the truth about fibre broadband – but not the whole truth 08:00 May loses majority and plunges Brexit talks into turmoil 08:00 Dublin and Cork airport staff to seek pay rises and share of profits 07:51 State fund to back €30m social housing rental scheme 07:00 Three key questions UK general election poses for Irish economy 06:19 Most Read in Business 1 Is Ireland in danger of creating another housing bubble? 2 Seeing beyond the local saved and grew the family business 3 State fund to back €30m social housing rental scheme 4 Dublin and Cork airport staff to seek pay rises and share of profits 5 Ireland victim of ‘black propaganda’ as Brexit jobs fight gets nasty 6 Michael Noonan downplays fear of impending property bubble 7 Digital advertising is winning the war for hearts and minds 8 Dixons Carphone to end US joint venture with Sprint network 9 Three key questions UK general election poses for Irish economy 10 Tourism industry hopes DUP link to Tories ensures softer Brexit Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 10/6/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Lions Tour Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Analysis and Future Forecasts to 2022 Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Analysis and Future Forecasts to 2022 Posted on June 10, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The world personal care electrical appliances market is anticipated to witness steady demand in developed regions on account of early adoption of premium lifestyle and awareness regarding personal grooming. However, individuals in developing regions are inclined towards hair care technology such as stylers and straighteners, which would further fuel the demand. Portland, OR — (SBWIRE) — 06/09/2017 — Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report, published by Allied Market Research, forecasts that the global market is expected to garner $28,007 million by 2022.The hair care appliances segment is estimated to dominate this market throughout 2016 – 2022. North America accounted for around two-fifths share of the market in 2015. Early buyers will receive 20% customization on this report. Growth in ageing population, improving economic conditions, increasing awareness regarding personal grooming, inclination towards automation, and growing online sales are factors that drive the market growth. In addition, growing urban population and increasing demand from untapped markets such as Asia-Pacific and LAMEA are anticipated to further drive the demand for the personal care electrical appliances market. However, lack of durability and high cost of the products limit the market growth. Request Sample Report: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-free-sample/642 The hair care appliances segment accounted for over two-fifths of the global personal care electrical appliances market in 2015, owing to the influence of western lifestyle on the population of developing and untapped regions. The hair straightener sub-segment was the leading revenue contributor to the global hair care appliances market in 2014, accounting for more than 43% share, and is further expected to dominate the market throughout the forecast period, growing at a CAGR of 7.1% from 2016 to 2022. The hair stylers segment is the fastest growing market, registering a CAGR of 10.0% from 2016 to 2022. This is attributed to growing inclination of women towards styled hair rather than straightening. Trimmer was the leading revenue contributor to the global hair removal appliances segment owing to its established market status and historical trend of trimmed beard. Epilators and shavers together contributed around 47% share in 2014 and would grow at a CAGR of 10.2% and 10.8% respectively during the forecast period. Epilators have a different mode of action as that of shavers. They do not remove the hair from surface, rather pluck off hair strands from their roots. This gives a permanent solution as compared to shaving. Therefore, men use shavers for facial hair, whereas women prefer epilators. The availability of substitute products, such as hair removal creams, and others act as replacements for epilators; thereby, limiting their growth. Consumers shift from creams and other hair removal methods to epilators is expected to be gradual in untapped markets of the Asia-Pacific and LAMEA regions. Electric toothbrush is the primary product under the oral care appliance segment that dominates the market. Plaque removers are electric toothbrushes with a rotatory brush head especially made to remove plaque. Plaque removers have gained importance among people with periodontal issues, while the device is not common among buyers. In 2014, powered toothbrush was the leading revenue generator in the oral care segment, and is projected to dominate the market throughout the analysis period. Personal care electrical appliances are used by both men and women. Female buyers have a higher share in hair care products, whereas males dominate the shavers market. The female customers segment is expected to outpace the male customers segment in the near future. However, the male customers segment would generate a notable revenue by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.6% during the forecast period. The small domestic equipment market is the parent market for personal care electrical appliances, and the prevailing trend in this business area has a similar impact on the personal care market. The global market for personal care electrical personal care appliances has witnessed steady growth, and is expected to maintain this trend throughout the forecast period. The Asia-Pacific, Middle East, and Africa are expected to exhibit incremental growth during the forecast period due to growing awareness and rising disposable income. Brazil, Russia, India, and China (BRIC) are the countries with the highest growth potential during the forecast period. As per the present market scenario, North America generated the highest revenue in 2014, accounting for around two-fifths of the market value, and is expected to dominate the market throughout the analysis period. Asia-Pacific is projected to be the fastest growing market registering a CAGR of 13.4% from 2016 to 2022. Key findings of the Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market: -In the year 2014-2015, hair care appliances segment led the overall personal care electrical appliances market revenue, and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 7.7%. -Oral care appliances is expected to be the third highest revenue-generating segment by 2022 and would grow at the highest CAGR of 11.4% during the forecast period. -Hair stylers is anticipated to be the fastest growing market segment for the hair care appliances market and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 10%. -North America generated the highest revenue, among all regions in 2014, and would dominate the market throughout the forecast period. The key players in the personal care electrical appliances market focus on expanding their business operations in the emerging countries with new product launch as their preferred strategy. The major players profiled in this report include Remington Products Company, Procter and Gamble (Braun GmbH/Oral B), Conair Corp., Royal Philips Electronics NV, Panasonic Corporation, Groupe SEB, Colgate-Palmolive, Helen of Troy L.P, HoMedics Inc., and LION Corp. Access Full Summary at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/personal-care-electrical-appliances-market About Allied Market Research Allied Market Research is a Market Research Company which offers Syndicate & Custom Market Research Reports with Consulting Services. Contact Us: – 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive, #205, Portland, OR 97220, United States. Int'l: 503-894-6022 Toll Free: 800-792-5285 Fax: 800-792-5285 www.help@alliedmarketresearch.com For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/personal-care-electrical-appliances-market-analysis-and-future-forecasts-to-2022-818764.htm Media Relations Contact Allied Market Research Telephone: 800-792-5285 Email: Click to Email Allied Market Research Web: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com Latest News Modular Data Center Market by Functional Module Solution & Service – 2022 Epoxy Coatings Market Worth 33.97 Billion USD by 2021 LiDAR Sensor Automotive Market Worth 2,557.3 Million USD by 2030 Compression Wear and Shapewear Market to Reach $5,576 Million, Globally, by 2022 Global Matcha Tea Market by Manufacturers, Types and Applications, Forecasts to 2022 Key Manufacturers Operating for the Food Service Equipment Market by 2022 Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Analysis and Future Forecasts to 2022 Athletic Footwear Market – Smart Strategies of the Research and Development Process Global Industry Study on Patient Throughput and Capacity Management Market: Europe Anticipated to Be the Second Largest Market for Patient Throughput and Capacity Global Industry Electric Vehicle Charging Station – Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017-2025 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Sat June 10, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Sat June 10, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Budget 2017panama leaksChampions TrophyCPEC Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Sat June 10, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Budget 2017 panama leaks Champions Trophy CPEC Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story Lahore June 10, 2017 Share Advertisement City govt to address housing issue: mayor Lahore’s city government, in collaboration with private partners, is devising ways to address housing problems of the economically challenged residents of Lahore, a gathering of mayors from around the world were told in Chicago on Thursday. Speaking at the Chicago Forum on Global Cities, Col (r) Mubashir Javed, mayor of Lahore, said that private sector was being encouraged to donate land for building cheap housing for the poor. The donors are given 25 percent of the houses built by the city government of Lahore on the land while the remaining is being used for providing cheap housing for the growing population of the country's second metropolitan city. Mayor Javed was among 17 mayors invited by Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Chicago Council on Global Affairs to share views on multifarious challenges being faced by other big cities. Among others were mayors of Vienna (Austria), Guangzhou (China), Dublin (Ireland), Toronto (Canada), Amman (Jordan), Philadelphia (United States), Atlanta (United States), Busan (South Korea), Budapest (Hungry), Bangkok (Thailand), Melbourne (Australia), Cape Town (South Africa), Prague (Czech Republic), Santiago (Chile) and Ibarra (Ecuador). This was Mayor Javed's second visit to the third largest city of United States in three months which is reflective of special ties between Lahore and Chicago. In his keynote address at "Keeping Global Cities Safe and Sound Workshop," Mayor Javed highlighted the steps taken by the Punjab government and City Government of Lahore for enhancing security in the city by installing 8,000 CCTV cameras and raising special Dolphin Force in collaboration with the City Government of Istanbul. These measures and the rapid response to any criminal activity has helped bring down the city's crime rate, he added. The response time of the Dolphin Force is 9-11 minutes, he claimed. Another task of the government was to provide social and economic security to the youth by imparting them state-of-the-art education, training and employment. He also spoke in length about the measures taken by Pakistan in pushing back the tide of extremism by launching successful counter-terrorism operations in Swat, Waziristan and Balochistan. Pakistan , he said, was one of the very few countries in the region which had successfully combated extremism. These successes must be backed up by economic and social development through domestic and international cooperation, Mayor Javed added. He asked the government of the United States to re-pledge its commitment of constructing Reconstruction Opportunity Zones (ROZs) in the troubled regions of Pakistan to provide employment opportunities to the youth. Despite serious challenges, he said, the Pakistani economy had gained growth rate of 5.3 percent and American companies in Pakistan like Ingredion, Procter & Gamble, General Electrics and Abbott were gaining profit of over hundreds of million dollars. Col (R) Mubashir Javed also attended a dinner hosted by Mayor of Chicago in the honour of the visiting dignitaries. He thanked Mayor Emanuel for his hospitality. Mayor Javed extended invitation to Mayor Emanuel to visit Lahore, which he accepted. Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Pakistan becomes full SCO member British elections: Theresa May fails to maintain majority NA witnesses uproar over Khursheed Shah’s speech 12 British Pakistanis elected to UK parliament No govt or court can proceed merely on suspicions, says Hussain View more... see all opinions Opinion Babar Sattar Rule of law on trial Khalid Bhatti The Corbyn factor Saleem Safi Coalition options for Pakistan Murtaza Shibli The glorious Indian cow Dr Naazir Mahmood On the verge of war Philip Luther 50 years of oppression see all opinions Newspost Betrayed Traffic jam Alternative site The broken road The Paris agreement View more... see all opinions Editorial Voice of the many The KP budget View more... see all opinions National Gulf conflict worsens as Doha, Riyadh stick to their guns I will become more dangerous for PM in the time to come: Imran Razing historical school building: Sindh chief secretary told to act against SSP RLNG price hike hits industrial sectors Ex-CJP demands security of SC judges, JIT members View more... see all opinions World Catalonia announces October independence vote N Korea says launch tested ‘new type’ of cruise missile Gulf crisis grows as Saudi, allies place Qataris on ‘terror list’ China cracks down on online peddlers of celebrity gossip Erdogan approves troop deployment to Qatar View more... see all opinions Sports Pakistan exhibit intensity in Cardiff training session Kane reveals Ballon d’Or dream Oval and Lord’s reveal expansion plans Smith focused on England despite Australia pay row Mossadek rocks NZ in must-win clash View more... see all opinions Business Remittances up 21.36 percent to $1.867 billion in May World Bank keen to lend $100 million for Green Pakistan Program Islamic banking assets increase to Rs1.885 trillion in first quarter ADB to extend $86.41mln for KP canal project Pak exporters may face hardships on Qatar situation View more... see all opinions Karachi Opposition boycotts PA session as govt denies cold-shouldering KMC in budget Mayor leads march on assembly for LG powers Farooq Sattar acquitted in three cases, gets bail in two more Sale of toy guns banned to curb street crime Rangers’ programme for rehabilitating errant youths starts yielding results View more... see all opinions Lahore Stabbing accused plea against daily hearing dismissed Humidity follows rain in City Man arrested for fraud Media role sought in child rights protection ‘Strategy to eliminate hepatitis’ View more... see all opinions Islamabad Rs37.971 billion CDA budget approved Ministry declares 17,563 persons successful in ballot for Haj Kidney tests NPOs reject excessive taxation on non-profit sector QAU honours high-achievers View more... see all opinions Peshawar KP govt raises special force for security of foreign nationals Govt urged to review Expo Centre construction plan at Tarnab Farms PTI to stand by institutions: KP minister New UET vice-chancellor takes charge Workers Welfare Board employees file contempt petition View more... see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
