null

MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Tennis Girls Golf Girls Swimming Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Field Hockey Boys Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Equestrian Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Rugby Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating My Recipe Box Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Weddings Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu News Videos Sports Videos High School Sports Videos Entertainment Videos Ann Arbor Videos Bay City Videos Detroit Videos Flint Videos Grand Rapids Videos Jackson Videos Kalamazoo Videos Lansing Videos Muskegon Videos Saginaw Videos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Another step taken toward big tax breaks for Watermark Center development Print Email Lynn Moore | lmoore8@mlive.com By Lynn Moore | lmoore8@mlive.com The Muskegon Chronicle Follow on Twitter on September 14, 2016 at 3:22 PM, updated September 15, 2016 at 9:09 AM comments MUSKEGON, MI – Additional steps toward granting substantial tax incentives for the next phase of redevelopment at the Watermark Center have been taken by the Muskegon City Commission. The commission voted 4-2 Tuesday to establish a Neighborhood Enterprise Zone for the former Shaw-Walker buildings on West Western Avenue. Next month, the commission is expected to vote on the actual NEZ certificate, that would provide tax abatements totaling several million dollars over 15 years. The abatement is critical to the project, said Muskegon City Manager Frank Peterson. P & G Holdings announced in July a $33 million plan to develop apartments and an entertainment complex in the old office furniture factory. Peterson said he would be "very, very surprised" if the project went forward without the abatement, which is needed to trigger such state incentives as an estimated $7.5 million in Brownfield reimbursements and Community Revitalization Program grants and/or loans that could equal up to 25 percent of the project costs. "Absent the incentives, we can be confident that the development will not occur," Peterson said. The NEZ would freeze taxes on the residential portion of the project, which involves development of 128 apartments. The commission previously established an obsolete property (OPRA) district for the property that would freeze for 10 years taxes on the nonresidential portion of the project. An OPRA certificate also is expected to be decided by the commission next month. P & G has indicated that nonresidential development could include a restaurant; commercial, retail and office space; and such entertainment as bowling, laser tag, cybersports, a trampoline park and indoor mountain biking. The Watermark Center already has condos and apartments in addition to an event center and coffee shop. $33 million indoor entertainment, apartments announced for Shaw Walker building If the commission approves the NEZ and OPRA certificates, an estimated $2 million to $4.5 million in tax savings would be realized by the Watermark owners for 15 years, Peterson said. A Brownfield tax capture could then kick in and would reimburse such eligible expenses as demolition, abatement of lead paint and removal of asbestos. The lack of a plan for the oldest, historic section of the property, a five-story building at the corner of Western and Division Street, prompted commissioners Ken Johnson and Willie German to vote against the NEZ.  Commissioner Byron Turnquist was not present at Tuesday's meeting. Johnson wanted a commitment that P & G would address the oldest building's "eyesore" appearance, perhaps by finishing a building wrap. Johnson said the wrap would cost about $30,000 compared to demolition of the building that would cost $150,000. Nevertheless, a spokesman for P & G told the commission that if the city ordered blight abatement of the old building, P & G would "simply tear it down." That irked Johnson who said the response was "disconcerting," especially considering the historic nature of the building. "I don't' think it's too much to ask that you address that corner building in a blight abatement aspect," he said. Watermark plans don't include part of highly visible Western Avenue frontage German wanted the building to be included in the current project. "If you're going to do a project this huge, I would think you would want to complete the whole project," German said. Peterson said P & G intends to use the two years it will take to complete the announced projects to figure out a use or potential buyer for the five-story corner building. As a precaution, the city would require P & G put aside money to pay for the building's demolition as a last resort, Peterson said.   Most Read Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Active Discussions Get the latest updates Subscribe to our newsletters Like MLive on Facebook Follow MLive on Twitter About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Site Map Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Watching People Eat Is Big in Korea; Now It's Supposedly Coming to America 5 hours ago Array 0 Dentsu Aegis' Vizeum Becomes Part of 360i in the U.S. By Lindsay Stein - 6 hours ago Array 0 Apple Swamps Web Video With 107-Second Summary of New-Product Showcase 6 hours ago Array 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago Array 0 Lowdown: Audi and Airbnb Hook Up in Emmys Ad 9 hours ago Array 0 This Moving Film About an Agency Staffer With MS Shows the Reality of Life With the Disease By Alexandra Jardine - 14 hours ago 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago 0 Laughing All the Way to the Bank: Rio Olympics Make NBC $250 Million Richer By Anthony Crupi - 9 hours ago 0 Breaking the Barriers Between Marketing and Product Development By Drew Neisser - 14 hours ago 0 More Magazine Is Reborn Online and Now Targeting Millennials By Jeremy Barr - 10 hours ago 0 Yes He Can? Here's How Trump Could Win By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Keith Olbermann Offers '176 Reasons Donald Trump Shouldn't Be President' in His New GQ.com Show By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 How Fitbit Is Staying a Step Ahead in the Race for Wearables By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Chicken Fries That Go Crunch -- And Won't Turn Your Fingers Orange By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 How Brands Should Be Marketing Wellness to Women By Kathy Delaney - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. Glad you're here and we hope you like what we do. But what we do is expensive and is supported in large part by advertising. So if you could whitelist us, or login, that'd be great. How to Whitelist Besides, you're reading about advertising. Why not see who's advertising around the advertising coverage while you're at it? P&G Hires New Global Media Director From Mondelez in Push to Hire More Outside Talent By Jack Neff. Published on September 14, 2016. Reprints Reprints Gerry D'Angelo. Credit: Procter & Gamble Co. Delivering on a promise to hire more talent from outside -- even in marketing -- Procter & Gamble Co. has hired a Mondelez executive as its new global media director. Gerry D'Angelo, currently the top European media executive for Mondelez International, who also handles global partnerships with Google and Facebook, has been named to the newly created role of global media director at P&G. He'll report to Doreen Bayliff, VP-worldwide brand operations, in the new role and oversee the world's biggest media budget. P&G spent $7.2 billion on advertising for the fiscal year ended June 30, up 0.8% and 11% of its $65.3 billion in global sales. "We welcome Gerry D'Angelo to the P&G family in our quest to be out front in our brand-building media capabilities," said Global Brand Officer Marc Pritchard in a statement. "He is a highly experienced and effective media executive with a great track record." Related Stories P&G Will Hire More From Outside, Including Marketers, New CEO Says More Marketing-Service Shakeups at P&G as Glock Retires "Throughout the company's history, P&G has been an advertising and media innovator," said Mr. D'Angelo in a statement. "I look forward to partnering with world-class marketing professionals and agency partners to harness data and technology into game-changing approaches for one of the world's most respected and well-known companies." Mr. D'Angelo has been director of media, Europe, for Mondelez since 2009, adding the global digital media partnerships duties in December, according to his LinkedIn profile. Prior to that he was European media director for Samsung , head of marketing and customer insight for the BSkyB network and group media director at Samsung. The ranks of seasoned P&G media executives have thinned in recent years, and the company hasn't had a similarly experienced global media executive since Bernhard Glock left his post as VP-global media and communications in 2009. Julie Eddleman, another longtime P&G media executive who previously oversaw North American media, left the company for Google in 2014. In an address to the Consumer Analyst Group of New York in February, P&G Chairman-CEO David Taylor said the company would be looking to bring in more outside talent, which company representatives later said would include marketing. Prior outside hires for the historically promote-from-within company have focused largely on technical areas and sales. But in 2014, P&G brought in former Merck executive Craig Buchholz as VP-global company communications, the highest-ranking PR role under Mr. Pritchard. In this article: Ad Tech Agencies Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Chicago - Nov. 18, 2016   Must-See TV Army Of Darkness ElRey 5 p.m. A discount-store employee is time-warped to a medieval castle, where he is the foretold savior who can dispel the evil there. Unfortunately, he screws up and releases an army of skeletons. (tvguide.com) Weather Derby Tribune: 51/37 Sun-Times: Ferro/McKinney Weather Channel: 44/41 Ntl Weather Service: 54/43 BWM*: 82/12 Beachwood Bookmarks K-Tel Classics WKRP in Cincinnati So You've Decided To Be Evil St. Paul Saints Nye's Polonaise Room The Arcata Eye Roadside USA This Day In . . . Onion History Weird Al History Baseball History Beachwood History History History Spy Magazine History #OnThisDate History Chicago Indicted! Under Suspicion Find Your Towed Car Cable TV Complaints Freedom of Information The Expired Meter The Mob & Friends Stolen Bike Registry O'Hare Music Tracker Rats Report Corruption (city) Report Corruption (state) Beyond Scoundrels, State Scoundrels, Federal The Odds Random Flight Tracker Casting Calls Cosmic Log Buy Stamps Beachwood Blogroll A Handy List Beachwood Ethics Statement How We Roll Today's Horoscope Liberties will be taken. Do We Sudoku? No, but we do do moose stuff, and that can be anything you want it to be. Except Sudoku. Losing Lottery Numbers 8, 25, 39 Daily Affirmation I am open and receptive to new avenues of income. (louisehay.com) Ellie Knowing that a person may be unwittingly in danger of an assault imposes a moral duty to warn them. Now Playing Psychodrama/Marshall Law Letters to the Editors FAQ About Tip Line "The Papers" archive RSS Beachwood Link Buttons Media Kit/Advertising   The [Thursday] Papers By Steve Rhodes "Battery maker Duracell is opening an office downtown today, bringing over 60 executive jobs to Chicago," Crain's reports. "Mayor Rahm Emanuel is to make the announcement today." I'm not going to say it's a bad thing that Duracell is moving some executive jobs here, but if you look at the big picture, it's not necessarily a good thing, either. Here's why: * February 19, Cincinnati Business Courier: "Procter & Gamble's David Taylor spoke Thursday about the need to 'wow' consumers with innovative brands and packaging, but the new CEO's comments were crafted to create a good first impression with market analysts. "Taylor, who spoke publicly for the first time since taking charge of the Cincinnati-based company, tried to wow analysts by committing to $10 billion in new productivity savings over the next five years." I hope we all understand what is meant by the phrase "productivity savings." * March 1, Cincinnati Business Courier: "Procter & Gamble Co. shed 2,700 employees and about $2.5 billion in annual sales when it closed on the transfer of its Duracell battery division to Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. this week." * March 3, Danbury (CT) News-Times: "As Berkshire Hathaway closed its acquisition of Duracell this week, the Bethel-based battery maker appeared to be settling on Chicago - where its new CEO works - as its de facto headquarters. "Duracell and Berkshire Hathaway have made no announcement designating Chicago as Duracell's new headquarters, and on Thursday Duracell spokesman Richard Abramowitz told Hearst that the battery maker's main office will remain in Bethel. "But an online job ad for Duracell disclosed an intent to set up camp in there, and Abramowitz confirmed that CEO Angelo Pantaleo is hiring corporate staff to work in a new Duracell office in the Windy City . . . "The job ad posted on the website of Indeed.com states that 'Duracell is building out its corporate and strategic functions and looking for key talent across multiple functions' as a result of moving its headquarters to Chicago. Abramowitz said the job ad was old and indicated Bethel remains Duracell's formal headquarters. "We are not moving anybody to Chicago," Abramowitz said. "Any shift of Duracell's main corporate office - whether on paper or in functional practice - would mark Connecticut's second major defection in as many months, after Fairfield-based General Electric announced plans to relocate its headquarters and 200 jobs to Boston this summer. "Procter & Gamble picked up Duracell as part of its 2005 acquisition of Boston-based Gillette, and had in 2014 planned to spin it off as an independent, publicly traded company. "At the time, Duracell indicated it would keep its Bethel headquarters, which was constructed in 1995 on a hill above Berkshire Corporate Park. "Duracell is the second largest taxpayer in the town after Eversource Energy, according to the most recent figures from the Connecticut Economic Resource Center." Duracell may be adding jobs by building out its executive suite, but it's consolidating elsewhere - despite the continuing enormous profits of its new owner, as we shall see. * July 28, Charlotte Business Journal: "Duracell will close its 430-employee AA battery plant in Lancaster over the coming three years, eliminating one of that county's largest private employers . . . "Lancaster County Administrator Steve Willis says the decision means Duracell will leave the county after 35 years of making batteries in the community. "Willis has told others in the Lancaster County community that the decision to close the plant had nothing to do with the performance at the battery factory. Instead, the move is 'coming down from corporate,' he says . . . "With the closing of the plant, Duracell will likely have to give up some of the local incentives the company was granted two years ago in exchange for a $69 million spend at the Lancaster plant. In 2014, Lancaster County agreed to cut its property taxes for 30 years in exchange for the upgrades at the plant." * July 28, Reuters: "Duracell said the move will lead to 'some' job growth in LaGrange, which is about 330 miles (531 km) southwest of Lancaster, and that Lancaster workers will be encouraged to apply for work there. "The company, which said it has about 3,000 employees, also makes C and D batteries in a plant in Cleveland, Tennessee." * July 27, The Chattanoogan: "James Ronald 'Ronnie' Anderson, 69, of Cleveland, Tennessee, passed away on Monday, July 25, 2016 in a local hospital. "He was born on May 29, 1947 to the late JW and June Anderson. He was a Vietnam veteran in the United States Navy. He retired from Duracell with over 30 years of employment. He enjoyed boating, fishing, and camping. But his greatest joy was spending time with his granddaughter Gracie." The obits of papers where Duracell divisions are located are littered with folks like this. Let's keep business stories human. Oops, too late . . . * August 5, Bloomberg News: "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway said second-quarter profit rose 25 percent on earnings from newly acquired manufacturing businesses and improved results at insurance operations. "Net income climbed to $5 billion from $4.01 billion a year earlier, the Omaha, Neb.-based company said Friday after the market closed. "Berkshire's businesses represent a cross-section of the economy and provide Buffett, 85, with a steady stream of cash for more investments. Since the start of the year, he's added to the company's manufacturing operations, completing deals for battery-maker Duracell and for Precision Castparts, a global supplier to the aerospace industry. Those businesses have helped bolster results, as did a rebound at auto insurer Geico . . . "The cash pile climbed to $72.7 billion as of June 30 from $58.3 billion three months earlier, helped by Kraft Heinz's redemption of preferred shares for about $8.3 billion. The extra funds add to Buffett's resources for another major acquisition. "'He's got to do something to deploy that cash,' S&P's Seifert said. 'People are going to wonder where the next acquisition comes from.'" What in the world to do with all this cash?! * August 7, The Lancaster News: "According to tax records, Duke Energy is the county's largest taxpayer and Duracell is the second largest. "The city of Lancaster, Lancaster County and the Lancaster County School District all depend on property tax revenue generated by the 300,000-square-foot plant, though the level of dependency varies. "This year, Duracell paid about $1.2 million in school taxes, $474,000 in county taxes and $608,000 in municipal taxes to the city of Lancaster . . . "Duracell is the municipality's largest taxpayer and one of its top three water users, said City Finance Director James Absher. This past year the battery manufacturer paid $147,000 for water and sewer services, he said. "But Absher said that isn't as big an issue as the $608,000 potential loss in property taxes. "While taxes will still be paid on the property, it will drop in value once the machinery is removed. "'It means I lose 6 percent of our general fund budget,' Absher said. 'And under state law, we can't get it back by raising millage. When you lose something like that, you just can't make it up elsewhere. We hope something comes in to replace Duracell, but you prepare for the worst and hope for the best,' he said. "Already stretched to the financial hilt by a flat tax base, the city is in the early stages of complying with a time-sensitive EPA-mandated consent order on sewer system upgrades that could cost up to $18 million. "There are also other issues, such as police department pay and higher employee health insurance premiums, as well as the cost of providing services to its citizens. "'Of all the things we could imagine happening, losing Duracell was not one of them, said Lancaster City Councilwoman Jackie Harris. 'It was as big a surprise for us as their employees' . . . "Outlaw said in the past five years, Duracell's employees have donated a combined $609,000 for the United Way community campaign and the 15 local agencies supported by the annual fundraiser. "'It's in the culture of their employees,' she said. 'Not only that, many of them take it a step further and become volunteers for the agencies they support.'" * August 12, The Lancaster News: "Two years ago, Lancaster County gave Duracell property tax incentives designed to save the company about $11 million over three decades in return for the battery manufacturer spending $69 million over five years to upgrade its plant. "It's the kind of deal Lancaster and most other counties make often. Duracell gets to divert tax payments into profits, and the county secures good-paying manufacturing jobs. Those workers support their families and spend their money locally, supporting many more jobs and families. "But what happens when things don't work out as planned? "Duracell announced last month that it will start phasing out production at its Lancaster plant next spring and shut down by 2019, eliminating 430 jobs. "It started benefiting from the tax incentives in 2014. What happens to the deal now? Do we get money back? "Maybe, but it's really complicated, Lancaster County Administrator Steve Willis said Thursday. "'For this year, nothing changes,' Willis said. 'After that, County Attorney John Weaver will consult with Mike Ey to see what we have to do' . . . "There have been at least three such agreements with Duracell over the years. Before the 2014 deal, the last one was in 2008. It involved $60 million in production-line upgrades. Each new deal supersedes the last one. "The 2014 agreement called for Duracell to pay an annual fee of $73,645 for 30 years and then pay less in property taxes for the county, the city and the school district." * August 14, The Lancaster News: "Jamie Gilbert knew building Lancaster County's new economic development department would be a big challenge, but the news he got on his eighth day at work was a punch in the gut. "Duracell, the county's seventh-largest employer, announced it would phase out production at its Lancaster manufacturing plant starting next spring, and that all 400-plus jobs would be gone within two years . . . "The Duracell move shocked Lancaster's business community. Just two years ago, the county gave the battery maker an economic incentive package worth $11 million in return for a $69 million production-line upgrade by the company. "All indications were that Duracell, bought by Berkshire Hathaway in 2015, was here to stay." - Lessons: * What's good for executives is rarely good for workers - and often involves the redistribution of wealth upwards. * When companies move here - whole hog or just executive suites - there is pain elsewhere that we shouldn't ignore. It's nothing to celebrate if the bottom line hurts more people than it helps. * Companies and executives who move here aren't automatically good corporate citizens just because they are now "ours." * I sense a trend of HQs moving here because CEOs who already live here don't want to move to where their companies are actually already located. True? Assignment Desk, activate! * Loyalty is a one-way street. - Richard Abramowitz, you are Today's Worst Person Almost Certainly Moving To Chicago. - Welcome, Duracell! - The Blue & Orange Kool-Aid Report The Halves And The Half Not. - BeachBook The Best tronc: tronc. * - TweetWood A sampling. False implication driven by inexplicable continued sympathy for the ex-governor shading coverage. Blagojevich's crimes were far more serious (essentially leading an extortion ring from the chief executive's office of the country's fifth-largest state - and dragging us all along for the ride - versus cheating campaign contributors), and Jackson cooperated with prosecutors, pled guilty and didn't even go to trial. Also: As has been reported many times and repeated by the U.S. district court judge in charge of the case and the 7th circuit court of appeals, Blagojevich got a huge sentencing break considering federal guidelines. Sandi Jackson released from prison (and Rod Blagojevich rolls over in his prison bed) https://t.co/BQuiV0E7IO via @abc7chicago— natasha korecki (@natashakorecki) September 14, 2016 See also: Blago Ruling Indicts Media. * That would be former Pat Quinn communications chief Bob Reed. Every time the media does a story about the revolving door between government, lobbyists and corporations, they should be required to include a caveat about their own revolving door between government, public relations and news organizations. It's confirmed: @ChicagoTribune names Bob Reed @docreed22 business columnist; moves @Phil_Rosenthal to sportswriter: https://t.co/lp8IcZH12R— Robert Feder (@RobertFeder) September 14, 2016 From media manipulatee to media manipulator to media manipulatee . . . with no penalty. * Good @ErikWemple suggestion on how CNN can handle Lewandowski disclosure: https://t.co/blT7b8vkk4 pic.twitter.com/XOm2hkHhGb— Michael Calderone (@mlcalderone) September 14, 2016 - The Beachwood Tronc Line: Now the best! Permalink Posted on September 15, 2016 MUSIC - Donald Trump's The Wall. TV - Presidential Campaign Ad War: Historically Negative. POLITICS - Students Struggle To Understand Trump Victory. SPORTS - Serenity Now, Bears Fans. BOOKS - Emmett Till's Father Was Hung. PEOPLE PLACES & THINGS - Beachwood Photo Booth: I Voted. Search The Beachwood Reporter Subscribe To Our Newsletter Email: Beachwood Radio! Ask me anything! © 2006 - 2016, The Beachwood Media Company
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home Blogs & Comment The new rules of social media influencer marketing The new rules of social media influencer marketing Putting your brand into the hands of a social media influencer can be a high-risk, high-reward proposition. Here’s how some top marketers approach it now Sep 6, 2016 Amy Laski   YouTube star Troye Sivan meeting fans at Fan Fest 2015. Brand marketers are still figuring out how best to manage relationships with influencers like Sivan. (Don Arnold/Getty) If only we still watched daytime soap operas. I can’t say I’ve ever felt compelled to watch them myself—but as a business owner and marketer in today’s highly fragmented media landscape, I must admit that simpler times—when the original “sponsored content” could reach millions every day—have a certain appeal. It was 1933, after all, when Procter & Gamble began producing sensationalized radio dramas as a way to deliver its advertising to homemakers, and it later made the leap to television (the company went on to produce blockbuster soap operas like Another World, As The World Turns, and Guiding Light). This innovation helped P&G captivate a vast audience of housewives each afternoon and attain market leadership against key competitor Lever Brothers. If you were a marketer in the mid-20th century, you could devote most of your budget to one source that was clearly and explicitly advertising, then call it a day. For decades, the dominant model of marketing has been brands “talking to” consumers, as they did in the golden age of soap operas. Brands would transmit a message, without any sort of expectation by consumers of conversation or reciprocity. Being “engaged” with a brand meant buying it, and little else. Now, consumers expect a brand to “talk with” them, to engage them beyond the functional benefits of a product and into the transcendental benefits of being associated with that brand. Like it or not, two-way, consultative conversations are considered table stakes today. Brands that don’t open themselves up to these conversations risk appearing dated and impervious. As a result, the old “outreach” model is dead. It has to evolve into an “inreach” approach, whereby the former recipients of marketing communications are “insourced,” or embedded within a brand’s core processes, from planning through execution. Optimism is the heart of great marketing Yet, our mission as marketers remains the same. Canadian Business marketing columnist Bruce Philp said it best: “We still show up for work in the morning to make something people want, present it to those people and sell it to them at a price that leaves everybody satisfied. The tools for doing it have evolved continuously for a century, but the essence of marketing is the same as it ever was.” Putting this into play, however, can pose a major challenge for business leaders today. Successful brands need to engage their audiences and stakeholders in two-way conversations. But according to the fifth McKinsey & Company Global Survey on external affairs,”[engaging external stakeholders] ranks as a top or top three priority for more than half of CEOs…yet only 17 percent say their companies are very effective at tailoring their narratives.” While social media makes it easier to reach target audiences, it’s getting more challenging to engage and influence them. So what are some of the new rules of engagement? And what tools and solutions are proving effective, particularly when it comes to working with bloggers, influencers, content creators, and media? As our thoughts turn to nailing down plans for the year ahead, it’s a good time to start thinking about these new rules of engagement. I checked in with some of our client partners and respected brand leaders for their take on today’s marketing landscape, and what we can all be doing to best navigate it. Made to measure…but what? At General Mills, Associate Marketing Manager Nicole Korb says several of the company’s brands work directly with influencers and bloggers, a trend that is, without question, continuing to gain momentum. “As marketers, we’re obsessed with measurement. We want to see how any given ‘lever’ we’ve pulled can impact sales. Ideally, we’d want to see how sales have increased based on our work with influencers. I haven’t seen that so far, but we respect the work of influencers more and more, because we see the impact [on engagement metrics] when an influencer shares our content.” For example, General Mills works with Bewitchin’ Kitchen and Dinner with Julie for its “Life Made Delicious” social platform. These bloggers concoct new recipes each month using a variety of the company’s products, then blog about them. Looking at numbers alone when evaluating an influencer partnership may not actually be that effective, given followers can be “bought.” The focus should be in quality vs. quantity: fit with your brand, engagement levels and the composition of the influencer’s viewership or readership. And like any prospective investment, brands should still begin with their bottom line business goals and then use those to orient communications goals and strategies. These may be measurable in dollars and percentage points, or improved brand perception and purchase intent over time. From transaction to trust While even a few years ago it would have been deemed unethical to “buy” media coverage (unless of course it was clearly labeled “advertorial”), today, there are entire companies dedicated to enabling brand leaders to buy coverage from so-called social influencers. These influencers have earned loyal followings based on their unique points-of-view and the compelling ways in which they express them. But, while they may have “earned” the right to be paid for the content they create, is the resulting content deemed credible by consumers? That remains uncertain. How new rules could change Canada’s social media marketing landscape Pay-to-play transactional content may have a place in an integrated communications plan, but should not be the only pillar. Furthermore, both sides of the proverbial coin benefit from a policy of full disclosure when payment has been exchanged for content. While this has been mandated in the United States, here in Canada consumers will still have to sift through it all for themselves and make their own decisions about what can be trusted and what cannot, at least until early 2017 when Advertising Standards Canada plans to introduce disclosure rules here. Even when these are in place, it is questionable whether sponsored content will be discernible, particularly since the non-compliance process and consequences are as murky as disclosure is for many influencers. In our team’s work with creators (bloggers, YouTubers, Instagrammers and the like) we have heard, time and again, that they’re eager to establish longer-term relationships with brands, rather than “pay to play” transactional ones. This desire is echoed on the brand side as well. According to Holly deGraaf, Interim General Manager and Director, Retail Operations and Public Relations at Ten Thousand Villages Canada, “The highest [impact is made] when what [bloggers] share and write doesn’t look like— [or better yet, isn’t]—a paid endorsement. The beauty of many bloggers is that their followers feel like they are connecting with a friend. To sully that by having too much of a paid content feel could be detrimental.” The penultimate goal is to strike the right balance to produce paid or company-generated content as good as high-quality editorial, such that it will be embraced by consumers. Many brands either err too much on the “advertorial” side, where consumers tune out veritable propaganda, or the content is too soft and fails to set up the story to sell-in the product. An example of a brand that’s getting it right is Ontario’s liquor distributor, the LCBO, with its glossy magazine Food & Drink. Graham Robertson is the former VP Marketing with Johnson & Johnson Canada and is now President and CMO at Beloved Brands. He says, he “doesn’t know why anyone would want to follow a media outlet that just pumps out sponsored content all the time. If only one out of every 10 messages is authentic, they will be losing followers.” Nicole Korb from General Mills weighs in: “Right now, we treat PR [and influencer/blogger relations] as a media buy, as a channel. There are increasingly opportunities to collaborate and co-create with influencers, and brands need to do more of that.” Crossing the line There’s no question that we’re in the age of information overload.  Robertson says, “There’s just too much out there. People are no longer seeking out news and knowledge, they are filtering through it. ” He looks forward to its evolution—a “settling down”—to a more credible, focused and consolidated, media environment. The five skills marketers of the future will need As communicators, marketers, media, stakeholders and influencers all navigate this new ecosystem, one thing is certain: collaboration is a necessity for doing business today and going forward. We need to shift our approach from the old-school “outreach” model to an “in-reach” model, which actively cultivates and incorporates the thoughts of influencers and stakeholders in every facet of business, from product development to content co-creation to crisis communications. Mattel did this last year in their quest to evolve Barbie into a more true-to-life body type: They brought together a group of carefully selected female leaders, including Canadian icon Erica Ehm. In a series of meetings at Mattel headquarters with top decision-makers, these women not only helped shepherd major changes for the Barbie brand in a way that would resonate with parents and their kids, but also fostered fandom amongst the female leaders who took part. As Ehm said, “I’m so proud to have played a tiny part in re-imagining Barbie to become a doll that girls can see themselves in, no matter their size, shape or colour.” This inreach model—or as our team is calling it, our “content collective approach”—is mutually beneficial. So when you’re sitting down at the table to plan for 2017 and beyond, you’ll want to have the right people who influence your target’s opinions—and your bottom line—at the table, engaged in the right way. No soap opera dramatics necessary. Amy Laski is founder and president of Felicity [Inspiring Communications], a communications and content agency based in Toronto. Prior to starting Felicity, Amy worked at Coca-Cola Canada and at several leading Canadian PR agencies. Meet Steam Whistle's social media “Fairy Beer Mother” MORE ABOUT MARKETING & ADVERTISING: Trump fears have been a marketing goldmine for these Canadian companies Flipp CEO Wehuns Tan on the personalized future of coupons Why great customer service is the best kind of marketing Meet Steam Whistle’s social media “Fairy Beer Mother” There’s no such thing as “digital marketing” anymore What to do when your celebrity spokesperson is caught in a scandal If you don’t have a brand, you don’t truly have a purpose Companies are starting to see the limits of digital marketing How giving freebies to bloggers can backfire Art and Science are waging a war for marketing’s soul How marketers are responding to the rise of ad-blocking Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Friday, November 18, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? × Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management September 14, 2016 Comments Email Print SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email Photo by P&G Gerry D'Angelo P&G hires new global media director from Mondelez Delivering on a promise to hire more talent from outside—even in marketing—Procter & Gamble Co. has hired a Mondelez executive as its new global media director. Gerry D'Angelo, currently the top European media executive for Mondelez International, who also handles global partnerships with Google and Facebook, has been named to the newly created role of global media director at P&G. He'll report to Doreen Bayliff, VP-worldwide brand operations, in the new role and oversee the world's biggest media budget. P&G spent $7.2 billion on advertising for the fiscal year ended June 30, up 0.8% and 11% of its $65.3 billion in global sales. "We welcome Gerry D'Angelo to the P&G family in our quest to be out front in our brand-building media capabilities," said Global Brand Officer Marc Pritchard in a statement. "He is a highly experienced and effective media executive with a great track record." "Throughout the company's history, P&G has been an advertising and media innovator," said Mr. D'Angelo in a statement. "I look forward to partnering with world-class marketing professionals and agency partners to harness data and technology into game-changing approaches for one of the world's most respected and well-known companies." Mr. D'Angelo has been director of media, Europe, for Mondelez since 2009, adding the global digital media partnerships duties in December, according to his LinkedIn profile. Prior to that he was European media director for Samsung , head of marketing and customer insight for the BSkyB network and group media director at Samsung. The ranks of seasoned P&G media executives have thinned in recent years, and the company hasn't had a similarly experienced global media executive since Bernhard Glock left his post as VP-global media and communications in 2009. Julie Eddleman, another longtime P&G media executive who previously oversaw North American media, left the company for Google in 2014. In an address to the Consumer Analyst Group of New York in February, P&G Chairman-CEO David Taylor said the company would be looking to bring in more outside talent, which company representatives later said would include marketing. Prior outside hires for the historically promote-from-within company have focused largely on technical areas and sales. But in 2014, P&G brought in former Merck executive Craig Buchholz as VP-global company communications, the highest-ranking PR role under Mr. Pritchard. This article first appeared on the website of Crain's sister publication Ad Age. Mondelez International Inc. Advertising and Marketing Media Technology Advertising Technology Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next Onion CEO takes over sales across Fusion Media Group Leadership changes at Crain's Chicago Business Steve Harvey's show leaving Chicago Tronc chairman's group buys more shares Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
Latest News Dow 18,867 -36.68 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,320 -14.16 -0.27% S&P 500 2,182 -5.38 -0.25% 11:36 A.M. ET Equity ETFs saw nearly $22 billion in inflows this week 11:30 A.M. ET Scientists set the controls for a second Earth in another solar system 11:30 A.M. ET Bundesbank chief: Need 'extra care' for easy money 11:24 A.M. ET Updated Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year above 2.3% 11:10 A.M. ET FanDuel, DraftKings announce merger plans 11:08 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 11:07 A.M. ET Updated How the dollar rally could threaten corporate earnings 11:05 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 11:04 A.M. ET Updated 4 reasons why a strong dollar may sink the stock-market rally in 2017 11:02 A.M. ET Updated Stock market’s ‘Trump rally’ is mostly a bank rally 11:01 A.M. ET Updated Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 11:00 A.M. ET Updated Dollar extends climb to 10th session as Yellen refuels the bulls 10:59 A.M. ET Kanye says he would have voted for Trump, if he had bothered to go to the polls 10:47 A.M. ET Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 10:46 A.M. ET How to be smarter than the gadgets in your home this holiday season​ 10:43 A.M. ET U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% 10:42 A.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 10:42 A.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 10:40 A.M. ET This is how savings experts do their holiday shopping 10:38 A.M. ET Breaking Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year up 0.7 basis point at 2.308% Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016-2020 By Published: Sept 15, 2016 6:00 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Sept. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- About Baby Laundry Detergent Liquids Baby laundry detergent liquids accounted for the largest share of the market in 2015 and will continue to maintain their position during the forecast period. The rising penetration of washing machines in developing countries is one of the major drivers of the surge in demand for baby laundry detergent liquids. In terms of the sales of washing machines, the primary markets worldwide are China, India, the US, Brazil, and Indonesia. In 2014, nearly 78% of Chinese consumers had access to washing machines. Technavio's analysts forecast the global baby laundry detergent market to grow at a CAGR of 4.47% during the period 2016-2020. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global baby laundry detergent market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of liquid detergents, powder detergents, and tablet detergents. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Technavio's report, Global Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Chicco - Church & Dwight - Henkel - Pigeon - P&G Other prominent vendors - Babyganics - Biokleen - Dapple - Earth's Best - Eco Sprout - Eco-Me - Grab Green - GreenShield Organic - Seventh Generation - Sonett - Tandi's Naturals - The Honest Company - Dropps - Earth Friendly Products Market driver - Launch of products suitable for baby skin - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Shorter shelf life of organic baby detergents - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Rise in sales of baby care products through online stores - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Methodology Research methodology is based on extensive primary and secondary research. Primary research includes in-depth interviews with industry experts, vendors, resellers and customers. Secondary research includes Technavio Platform, industry publications, company reports, news articles, analyst reports, trade associations and the data published by Government agencies. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4143763/About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.comFor more information: Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.comTel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-baby-laundry-detergent-market-2016-2020-300329231.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Google and P&G in Coalition to Police Ad Standards Across the Web By Emma Hall - 23 minutes ago Array 0 Deutsch Chairman and Former CEO Linda Sawyer to Depart Agency By Lindsay Stein - 31 minutes ago Array 0 U.K.'s Informa Agrees to Buy Aviation Week Publisher Penton for $1.6 Billion 1 hour ago Array 0 Pandora Introduces New Service in Bid to Convert Free Users to Paying Customers 1 hour ago Array 0 Why Brands Need to Budget for Beautiful Creative on Mobile By Alia Lamborghini - 3 hours ago Array 0 A Depressed T-Rex Rediscovers Joy in Audi's Debut Spot for Driverless Cars By Alexandra Jardine - 3 hours ago 0 Google and P&G in Coalition to Police Ad Standards Across the Web By Emma Hall - 23 minutes ago 0 Deutsch Chairman and Former CEO Linda Sawyer to Depart Agency By Lindsay Stein - 31 minutes ago 0 Marriott Bets on Loyalty in New Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 5 hours ago 0 There's a Reason Big French Agency BETC's HQ Isn't in Paris Anymore By Angela Doland - 5 hours ago 0 Keith Olbermann Offers '176 Reasons Donald Trump Shouldn't Be President' in His New GQ.com Show By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 How Fitbit Is Staying a Step Ahead in the Race for Wearables By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 days ago 0 P&G Hires New Global Media Director From Mondelez in Push to Hire More Outside Talent By Jack Neff - 23 hours ago 0 Google Cuts Ties With Ad Tech Firm Over Ad-Block 'Surprise' By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Snapchat Has Nearly All the 18-to-25-Year-Olds It Will Get, but Older Users Still Joining By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. Glad you're here and we hope you like what we do. But what we do is expensive and is supported in large part by advertising. So if you could whitelist us, or login, that'd be great. How to Whitelist Besides, you're reading about advertising. Why not see who's advertising around the advertising coverage while you're at it? Google and P&G in Coalition to Police Ad Standards Across the Web By Emma Hall. Published on September 15, 2016. Reprints Reprints Google executive Sridhar Ramaswamy spoke at the Dmexco conference in Cologne, Germany, on Wednesday. Credit: Dmexco In possibly the broadest attempt yet to fix online advertising so that consumers don't become obsessed with blocking it, Google has got together with a diverse group of marketers, publishers, agencies and industry bodies to create The Coalition for Better Ads. Other participants include top global marketer Procter & Gamble, Unilever, The Washington Post, the 4As agency association, the Association of National Advertisers, the World Federation of Advertisers and GroupM, the world's largest ad buyer. The goal is to monitor the quality of ads using bespoke technology now in development at the Interactive Advertising Bureau's Tech Lab. Only ads that make it through the filter will be displayed on the websites of participating companies. Related Stories POLL: Why Is Adblock Plus Suddenly Selling Ads? In some ways the effort echoes the "Acceptable Ads" program run by Adblock Plus, under which the ad-blocking software lets certain ads through if it deems them unobtrusive and lightweight enough. Controversially, Adblock Plus charges large players in the ecosystem -- such as Google -- to participate. Under the Coalition for Better Ads plan, ads will be screened and scored according to a set of criteria that are expected to range from load time to creative execution. To help determine standards, the coalition will combine its members' expertise with information from consumers about the kind of online ads that they do and don't consume. In addition to the Washington Post, publishers and publishing bodies involved include Digital Context Next, the European Publishers Council and the News Media Alliance. The initiative was announced to coincide with the Dmexco conference in Cologne this week, with the scoring system expected to launch later this year. Google -- whose senior VP-ads and commercial, Sridhar Ramaswamy, has been speaking at Dmexco -- is taking an increasingly vocal stand against ad blocking. This week the internet giant ended its relationship with ComboTag, the ad buying platform that teamed up with AdBlock Plus to offer an ad exchange that served web ads to ad-blocking customers. "No industry has ever survived by ignoring consumer needs," said Jason Kint, CEO of Digital Content Next, in a statement. "DCN is looking forward to working with this coalition to address the underlying consumer needs that have accelerated ad blocking adoption." Ads funds the information, entertainment and services on much of the web, but ad sellers shouldn't abuse consumers, IAB President-CEO Randall Rothenberg said in a statement. "It is essential that industry create standards to assure that consumers get safe, fast, secure delivery of the sites and services they love." Ad blocking in the U.S. is set to grow 34% this year, taking nearly 70 million users – making up 26.3% of the market – out of the reaches of digital advertising, according to eMarketer. The number of ad blockers in the U.S. is expected to rise to 87 million in 2017. A global study by PageFair and Adobe showed year on year growth in ad blocking of 41% between the second quarter of 2014 and the second quarter of 2015. The report estimates that around the world $21.8 billion worth of ad revenues were blocked in 2015. In this article: Ad Blocking Ad Tech Digital Global News Technology Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Indian Hill forums take on globalization The forums will be held on four successive Sundays in October. Post to Facebook Indian Hill forums take on globalization The forums will be held on four successive Sundays in October.  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2cpEzne {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Indian Hill forums take on globalization Jeanne Houck, jhouck@communitypress.com 9:23 a.m. EDT September 15, 2016 Dehner The head of the Greater Cincinnati World Affairs Council will kick off a series of forums on globalization set for October in Indian Hill. Richard Lauf, chairman of the council’s board of directors and a retiree, will present “Brexit: a Warning Shot Against Globalization” from 9 a.m. to 10:15 a.m. Sunday, Oct. 2, at Indian Hill Church, 6000 Drake Road. “Globalization is a phenomenon that has remade the economy of virtually every nation, reshaped almost every industry and touched billions of lives, often in surprising and ambiguous ways,” said forum organizer Gerri Strauss, a member of Indian Hill Church. “It is meant to signify integration and unity, yet it has proved – in its way – to be no less polarizing than the Cold War divisions it has supplanted. “Come and join us at Indian Hill Church as we try to untangle the importance of various aspects of globalization,” Strauss said. Strauss said the church is pleased that Lauf has agreed to lead a forum about the United Kingdom’s vote to leave the European Union. “(Lauf) had a long career at Procter & Gamble, where he worked on such international projects as restructuring their European manufacturing and distribution as the EU borders opened, dealing with the Venezuela hyperinflation and integrating the Richardson-Vicks acquisition into P&G Mexico,” Strauss said. Three more globalization forums will begin at 9 a.m. on successive Sundays at Indian Hill Church. All of the forums are free and open to the public. •Oct. 9 – Joe Dehner, a lawyer with Frost Brown Todd of downtown Cincinnati, will present “Free trade agreements: the pros and cons.” Dehner has chaired Frost Brown Todd’s International Services Group for more than 20 years. •Oct. 16 - Allison Herre and Daniel Sarell of Catholic Charities Southwestern Ohio will present “Understanding a migrant’s journey.” Herre is director of Legal Immigration Services at Catholic Charities Southwestern Ohio. An immigration attorney, she helps families and represents children from Central America who are facing deportation. Sarell is director of Mission Advancement at Catholic Charities Southwestern Ohio. He has more than 20 years’ experience in Catholic parish and diocesan ministry. •Oct. 23 - Mary (Peggy) Shukairy, a lawyer with Frost Brown Todd, will present “World Migration in the Age of Globalization.” She practices immigration law and helps people get immigrant and non-immigrant employment-based visas. Want to know more about what is happening in Indian Hill? Follow me on Twitter @jeannehouck. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2cpEzne TOP VIDEOS Joe Deters: "I didn't believe the tears for a second" 2:47 Are deals better on Black Friday or Cyber Monday? 1:00 Bengals vs. Bills Week 11 Predictions 6:02 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 Student at UC Tensing forum: 'It's time for war' 0:45 Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03 Use-of-force expert: 'The actions of Ray Tensing were justified' 0:50
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics CRM ANF Best Investments 2017 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Prestige Brands (PBH): the Daddy Warbucks of Forgotten Products Dec 11, 2008, 1:06 am EST  |  By Jamie Dlugosch, InvestorPlace Writer     Are you a consumer or household product that your company has neglected? Have you been orphaned like Annie as your company moves to more attractive opportunities? Take comfort; there is someone out there who loves you and would like to market you back to life. Prestige Brands (PBH) is a consumer product company specializing in acquiring brands left behind by others. Formed in 1996, Prestige has assembled an amazing array of familiar products — all acquired at discount prices due to their having lost favor for one reason or another within their parent company. Among the products being manufactured and distributed by Prestige are over the counter drugs, cleaning products and personal care items. Recognizable names include Chloraseptic, Murine, Clear Eyes, Comet, Compound W, Cutex, Demorex and Spic & Span. These, and numerous other products, have been acquired from major home product companies such as Proctor and Gamble. The most recent label acquired was in the over-the-counter pharmaceutical area whose primary products revolve around wart removal. Prestige company stock has traded in a relatively narrow range during the last year. The 52-week high for the stock is $12.29, and the low for the period is $5.87. The company recently had its credit rating affirmed with a negative outlook. Company executives are expressing confidence that Prestige can resume its core growth rate in 2009 after experiencing a drop in revenues exclusive of its recent acquisition of the Compound W line of wart removal and related products. While these consumer products are all highly recognizable names with high levels of customer satisfaction, they are also in many cases discretionary items which are candidates for consumer belt tightening. As a result, many analysts have rated the company’s stock a sell, or at best, a hold. Prestige does not have a great deal of long-term debt outstanding. Their most actively traded offering carries a 9.25% coupon and most recently traded at 93.65, producing a yield to maturity of 11.536%. Yield to the par call in 2010 at this price would be 14.445% While these yields are attractive and tempting, it does not appear that the investor is being fairly compensated at these levels for the risk being undertaken. An investor in this sector might want to wait until the price declines further before taking this leap. Should adding this bond to the portfolio be desired by the investor, the percentage allocation to the name should be minor. This article was written by Jamie Dlugosch, contributor to InvestorPlace.com. For more actionable insight like this, go to: www.InvestorPlace.com. James F. Dlugosch contributed to this article. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2008/12/prestige-brands-pbh-forgotten-products/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Investors Should Buy From the Scrap Heap Abercrombie & Fitch Is Beyond All Hope Will Apple iPhones Be Made in the USA? 10 Pharma Stocks That Are Prescribed Under Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains Why MacBook Pro Fans Are Angry (Again) Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Don’t Give up on Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Just Yet! Most Popular Most Commented The 7 Best Tech Stocks in the World 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You Apple Inc. (AAPL) Angers New MacBook Pro Fans Yet Again Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Yes Bank slides on reports Sebi looking into discrepancies in bank's planned QIP Inflation in Manufactured Products May Intensify Business Standard Key benchmarks witness divergent trend Capital Market  September 15, 2016 Last Updated at 12:14 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2THecwh Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Market turns range bound Market pares losses Market extends losses Market holds positive zone Market extends gains Key benchmark indices displayed divergent trend in early afternoon trade. At 12:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 14.22 points, or 0.05% at 28,386.45. The Nifty 50 index was down 7.25 points, or 0.08% at 8,719.35. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On BSE, 1,331 shares rose and 1,049 shares fell. A total of 153 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 0.22%, underperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.37%, outperforming the Sensex. FMCG shares were mixed. Godrej Consumer Products (up 1.15%), Hindustan Unilever (up 1.03%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.58%), Marico (up 0.48%), Dabur India (up 0.12%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.08%) and Britannia Industries (up 0.02%), edged higher. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.22%), Nestle India (down 0.59%), Bajaj Corp (down 0.6%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 1.57%) and Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 1.84%), edged lower. Index heavyweight and cigarette major ITC rose 2.06% to Rs 257.20 after the company's chief operating officer (COO) Sanjiv Puri was quoted as saying that the firm's consumer goods business presents the maximum potential for value creation. The company reportedly aims to strengthen its footprints in the FMCG sector by bringing in innovative, differentiated and first time products to the market, Puri added. ITC expects to ramp up revenue from branded packaged foods and personal care products to Rs 1 lakh crore by 2030. GMR Infrastructure fell 2.47% to Rs 14.20 after the company reported net loss of Rs 123.06 crore in Q1 June 2016 higher than net loss of Rs 1.33 crore in Q1 June 2015. Total income rose 35.99% to Rs 366.39 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced before market hours today, 15 September 2016. Yes Bank edged lower on reports that Securities & Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is looking into discrepancies in the bank's planned qualified institutional placement (QIP) of shares. The stock fell 2.51% to Rs 1,221.95. According to reports, the stock market regulator Sebi is looking into Yes Bank's notices to stock exchanges about the planned QIP of shares, the surge in the stock in the run-up to the issue date and its intra-day fall before the announcement to call off the issue. Sebi is reportedly looking into why investment bankers failed to take note of the fact that there was no pre-intimation by Yes Bank to stock exchanges that there would be a board meeting. It may be recalled that Yes Bank had announced on 8 September 2016 its decision to defer QIP of shares citing extreme volatility during trading day on 8 September 2016 because of misinterpretation of new QIP guidelines. The bank had on 7 September 2016 announced opening of QIP of equity shares of face value Rs 10 each to raise up to $1 billion. Yes Bank had fixed Rs 1,371.84 per share as the floor price at that time. Realty shares were mixed. Indiabulls Real Estate (up 4.84%), Sunteck Realty (up 4.42%), Omaxe (up 0.41%), Phoenix Mills (up 0.29%), Mahindra Lifespace Developers (up 0.13%), Sobha (up 0.05%) and Godrej Properties (up 0.03%), edged higher. Housing Development and Infrastructure (HDIL) (down 0.22%), DLF (down 0.31%), Parsvnath Developers (down 0.34%), Oberoi Realty (down 0.72%), Peninsula Land (down 1.08%), Anant Raj (down 2.05%), D B Realty (down 3.54%) and Prestige Estates Projects (down 4.89%), edged lower. Unitech rose 6.73% to Rs 6.50 after the company posted consolidated net loss of Rs 44.82 crore in Q1 June 2016 much lower than net loss of Rs 279.63 crore in Q1 June 2015. Total income rose 26.94% to Rs 495.93 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The company's consolidated net debt as of 30 June 2016 stood at Rs 5265 crore. Net debt to equity ratio as of 30 June 2016 was 0.58. The company achieved sales bookings of 2 million square feet valued at Rs 362 crore during Q1 June 2016. The company delivered 2.35 million square feet of completed property during Q1 June 2016. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 14 September 2016. BEML fell 11.49% to Rs 908.05 after the company reported net loss of Rs 107.10 crore in Q1 June 2016, higher than net loss of Rs 68.10 crore in Q1 June 2015. Total income fell 49.7% to Rs 300.52 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 14 September 2016. CESC was up 0.21% to Rs 656.50. Media reports suggested that a foreign brokerage has maintained its buy rating on the stock. The foreign brokerage has reportedly said that CESC is a play on power reforms. Chandrapur plant load factor (PLF) improvement is a key positive for the company, the brokerage added. CESC's net profit rose 0.6% to Rs 174 crore on 11.8% growth in net sales to Rs 1888 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced during market hours yesterday, 14 September 2016. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks were mixed as investors grappled with the seemingly diminishing ability of major central banks to stimulate growth, while a tumble in crude oil inflamed already heightened risk aversion. In US, the Dow industrials and the S&P 500 closed in negative territory yesterday, 14 September 2016, in the wake of slumping crude-oil prices, erasing earlier gains for the major benchmarks, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq bucked the losing trend. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Bse | Sensex | Stock Market | Nifty PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Key benchmarks witness divergent trend Key benchmark indices displayed divergent trend in early afternoon trade. At 12:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 14.22 points, or 0.05% at 28,386.45. The Nifty 50 index was down 7.25 points, or 0.08% at 8,719.35. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On BSE, 1,331 shares rose and 1,049 shares fell. A total of 153 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 0.22%, underperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.37%, outperforming the Sensex. Key benchmark indices displayed divergent trend in early afternoon trade. At 12:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 14.22 points, or 0.05% at 28,386.45. The Nifty 50 index was down 7.25 points, or 0.08% at 8,719.35. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On BSE, 1,331 shares rose and 1,049 shares fell. A total of 153 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 0.22%, underperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.37%, outperforming the Sensex. FMCG shares were mixed. Godrej Consumer Products (up 1.15%), Hindustan Unilever (up 1.03%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.58%), Marico (up 0.48%), Dabur India (up 0.12%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.08%) and Britannia Industries (up 0.02%), edged higher. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.22%), Nestle India (down 0.59%), Bajaj Corp (down 0.6%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 1.57%) and Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 1.84%), edged lower. Index heavyweight and cigarette major ITC rose 2.06% to Rs 257.20 after the company's chief operating officer (COO) Sanjiv Puri was quoted as saying that the firm's consumer goods business presents the maximum potential for value creation. The company reportedly aims to strengthen its footprints in the FMCG sector by bringing in innovative, differentiated and first time products to the market, Puri added. ITC expects to ramp up revenue from branded packaged foods and personal care products to Rs 1 lakh crore by 2030. GMR Infrastructure fell 2.47% to Rs 14.20 after the company reported net loss of Rs 123.06 crore in Q1 June 2016 higher than net loss of Rs 1.33 crore in Q1 June 2015. Total income rose 35.99% to Rs 366.39 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced before market hours today, 15 September 2016. Yes Bank edged lower on reports that Securities & Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is looking into discrepancies in the bank's planned qualified institutional placement (QIP) of shares. The stock fell 2.51% to Rs 1,221.95. According to reports, the stock market regulator Sebi is looking into Yes Bank's notices to stock exchanges about the planned QIP of shares, the surge in the stock in the run-up to the issue date and its intra-day fall before the announcement to call off the issue. Sebi is reportedly looking into why investment bankers failed to take note of the fact that there was no pre-intimation by Yes Bank to stock exchanges that there would be a board meeting. It may be recalled that Yes Bank had announced on 8 September 2016 its decision to defer QIP of shares citing extreme volatility during trading day on 8 September 2016 because of misinterpretation of new QIP guidelines. The bank had on 7 September 2016 announced opening of QIP of equity shares of face value Rs 10 each to raise up to $1 billion. Yes Bank had fixed Rs 1,371.84 per share as the floor price at that time. Realty shares were mixed. Indiabulls Real Estate (up 4.84%), Sunteck Realty (up 4.42%), Omaxe (up 0.41%), Phoenix Mills (up 0.29%), Mahindra Lifespace Developers (up 0.13%), Sobha (up 0.05%) and Godrej Properties (up 0.03%), edged higher. Housing Development and Infrastructure (HDIL) (down 0.22%), DLF (down 0.31%), Parsvnath Developers (down 0.34%), Oberoi Realty (down 0.72%), Peninsula Land (down 1.08%), Anant Raj (down 2.05%), D B Realty (down 3.54%) and Prestige Estates Projects (down 4.89%), edged lower. Unitech rose 6.73% to Rs 6.50 after the company posted consolidated net loss of Rs 44.82 crore in Q1 June 2016 much lower than net loss of Rs 279.63 crore in Q1 June 2015. Total income rose 26.94% to Rs 495.93 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The company's consolidated net debt as of 30 June 2016 stood at Rs 5265 crore. Net debt to equity ratio as of 30 June 2016 was 0.58. The company achieved sales bookings of 2 million square feet valued at Rs 362 crore during Q1 June 2016. The company delivered 2.35 million square feet of completed property during Q1 June 2016. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 14 September 2016. BEML fell 11.49% to Rs 908.05 after the company reported net loss of Rs 107.10 crore in Q1 June 2016, higher than net loss of Rs 68.10 crore in Q1 June 2015. Total income fell 49.7% to Rs 300.52 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 14 September 2016. CESC was up 0.21% to Rs 656.50. Media reports suggested that a foreign brokerage has maintained its buy rating on the stock. The foreign brokerage has reportedly said that CESC is a play on power reforms. Chandrapur plant load factor (PLF) improvement is a key positive for the company, the brokerage added. CESC's net profit rose 0.6% to Rs 174 crore on 11.8% growth in net sales to Rs 1888 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced during market hours yesterday, 14 September 2016. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks were mixed as investors grappled with the seemingly diminishing ability of major central banks to stimulate growth, while a tumble in crude oil inflamed already heightened risk aversion. In US, the Dow industrials and the S&P 500 closed in negative territory yesterday, 14 September 2016, in the wake of slumping crude-oil prices, erasing earlier gains for the major benchmarks, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq bucked the losing trend. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Key benchmarks witness divergent trend Key benchmark indices displayed divergent trend in early afternoon trade. At 12:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 14.22 points, or 0.05% at 28,386.45. The Nifty 50 index was down 7.25 points, or 0.08% at 8,719.35. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On BSE, 1,331 shares rose and 1,049 shares fell. A total of 153 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 0.22%, underperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.37%, outperforming the Sensex. FMCG shares were mixed. Godrej Consumer Products (up 1.15%), Hindustan Unilever (up 1.03%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.58%), Marico (up 0.48%), Dabur India (up 0.12%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.08%) and Britannia Industries (up 0.02%), edged higher. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.22%), Nestle India (down 0.59%), Bajaj Corp (down 0.6%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 1.57%) and Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 1.84%), edged lower. Index heavyweight and cigarette major ITC rose 2.06% to Rs 257.20 after the company's chief operating officer (COO) Sanjiv Puri was quoted as saying that the firm's consumer goods business presents the maximum potential for value creation. The company reportedly aims to strengthen its footprints in the FMCG sector by bringing in innovative, differentiated and first time products to the market, Puri added. ITC expects to ramp up revenue from branded packaged foods and personal care products to Rs 1 lakh crore by 2030. GMR Infrastructure fell 2.47% to Rs 14.20 after the company reported net loss of Rs 123.06 crore in Q1 June 2016 higher than net loss of Rs 1.33 crore in Q1 June 2015. Total income rose 35.99% to Rs 366.39 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced before market hours today, 15 September 2016. Yes Bank edged lower on reports that Securities & Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is looking into discrepancies in the bank's planned qualified institutional placement (QIP) of shares. The stock fell 2.51% to Rs 1,221.95. According to reports, the stock market regulator Sebi is looking into Yes Bank's notices to stock exchanges about the planned QIP of shares, the surge in the stock in the run-up to the issue date and its intra-day fall before the announcement to call off the issue. Sebi is reportedly looking into why investment bankers failed to take note of the fact that there was no pre-intimation by Yes Bank to stock exchanges that there would be a board meeting. It may be recalled that Yes Bank had announced on 8 September 2016 its decision to defer QIP of shares citing extreme volatility during trading day on 8 September 2016 because of misinterpretation of new QIP guidelines. The bank had on 7 September 2016 announced opening of QIP of equity shares of face value Rs 10 each to raise up to $1 billion. Yes Bank had fixed Rs 1,371.84 per share as the floor price at that time. Realty shares were mixed. Indiabulls Real Estate (up 4.84%), Sunteck Realty (up 4.42%), Omaxe (up 0.41%), Phoenix Mills (up 0.29%), Mahindra Lifespace Developers (up 0.13%), Sobha (up 0.05%) and Godrej Properties (up 0.03%), edged higher. Housing Development and Infrastructure (HDIL) (down 0.22%), DLF (down 0.31%), Parsvnath Developers (down 0.34%), Oberoi Realty (down 0.72%), Peninsula Land (down 1.08%), Anant Raj (down 2.05%), D B Realty (down 3.54%) and Prestige Estates Projects (down 4.89%), edged lower. Unitech rose 6.73% to Rs 6.50 after the company posted consolidated net loss of Rs 44.82 crore in Q1 June 2016 much lower than net loss of Rs 279.63 crore in Q1 June 2015. Total income rose 26.94% to Rs 495.93 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The company's consolidated net debt as of 30 June 2016 stood at Rs 5265 crore. Net debt to equity ratio as of 30 June 2016 was 0.58. The company achieved sales bookings of 2 million square feet valued at Rs 362 crore during Q1 June 2016. The company delivered 2.35 million square feet of completed property during Q1 June 2016. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 14 September 2016. BEML fell 11.49% to Rs 908.05 after the company reported net loss of Rs 107.10 crore in Q1 June 2016, higher than net loss of Rs 68.10 crore in Q1 June 2015. Total income fell 49.7% to Rs 300.52 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 14 September 2016. CESC was up 0.21% to Rs 656.50. Media reports suggested that a foreign brokerage has maintained its buy rating on the stock. The foreign brokerage has reportedly said that CESC is a play on power reforms. Chandrapur plant load factor (PLF) improvement is a key positive for the company, the brokerage added. CESC's net profit rose 0.6% to Rs 174 crore on 11.8% growth in net sales to Rs 1888 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced during market hours yesterday, 14 September 2016. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks were mixed as investors grappled with the seemingly diminishing ability of major central banks to stimulate growth, while a tumble in crude oil inflamed already heightened risk aversion. In US, the Dow industrials and the S&P 500 closed in negative territory yesterday, 14 September 2016, in the wake of slumping crude-oil prices, erasing earlier gains for the major benchmarks, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq bucked the losing trend. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesCelebrate Startups At TechCrunch's Awards Show This February Grab Your Tickets Today Disrupt SF 2016 September 12 - 14, 2016 | Pier 48, San Francisco, CA Coverage Video Speakers Agenda Battlefield Apps Fresh from raising $175M, Indian chat app Hike clones Snapchat Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay Reach Robotics’ MekaMon is now ready to rumble in augmented reality Browse more... Instacart Instacart reverses course, re-introducing tips for shoppers Contractors are preparing to boycott Instacart over elimination of tips FreshDirect raises $189 million for grocery delivery Browse more... TechCrunch Disrupt SF MOTI wants to help build positive habits with a little glowing robot Myki rolls out a password manager that locks all your info away on your phone Create hassle-free slideshow presentations online with Slides Browse more... techcrunch disrupt sf 2016 Meet Snugb Tulip, a smart baby cam to monitor your little one’s health MOTI wants to help build positive habits with a little glowing robot Guess what Dog PC does Browse more... Apoorva Mehta Instacart reverses course, re-introducing tips for shoppers Celebrate entrepreneurship at Disrupt SF 2016 with Apoorva Mehta, Emmett Shear and Sebastian Thrun Browse more... How Apoorva Mehta hopes to build an Instacart empire with a promoted ad business Posted Sep 14, 2016 by Matthew Lynley (@mattlynley) 0 SHARES Next Story GitHub gets built-in project management tools and support for formal reviews Instacart is one of the most well-known companies in what can be an extremely difficult on-demand delivery economy. It’s known for being one of the pioneers of a new age of online grocery delivery, especially in light of the previous failure of companies like Webvan, but it’s going to have a long uphill battle to profitability and sustainability. Instacart CEO Apoorva Mehta, however, says he thinks the company can get to cash-flow positive in the next year, and that’s thanks to the company’s attempt at bringing in a diverse number of revenue streams instead of just relying on a cut of the transaction costs. He tried to hammer that point home on stage at TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2016 today. “We have partnerships with hundreds of retailers who also do a revenue share with us, but we also have CPG companies such as Pepsi, Proctor & Gamble, who promote their products on Instacart,” Mehta said. “As a result of that we have a third source of revenue most people forget about. The key point here is that all on-demand companies do not look the same.” There’s certainly logic to the argument. The existing promotion method for CPG companies is coupons, in which there’s little targeting and it’s not clear if it’s acquiring new customers. With analytics from Instacart, those companies could better target products against customers that might be more likely to buy those products, and in turn become loyal customers and keep driving additional revenue. Related Articles Watch the last day of Disrupt SF live right here! Apply now to the Startup Battlefield at Disrupt London These are the six finalists in the TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2016 Startup Battlefield Stephen Curry on social media, charity and robotic referees In 2014, the company raised additional financing at a valuation of $2 billion. But if you talk to Silicon Valley watchers, the company is not in a good place. On-demand companies in general can have punishingly low margins, and managing growth, securing new partnerships and finding a way to operate profitably or at least break-even is one of the most difficult parts of the space. Earlier this year, there were reports that Whole Foods was investing in the company. disrupt_sf16_apoorva_mehta-4077 disrupt_sf16_apoorva_mehta-4078 disrupt_sf16_apoorva_mehta-4081 disrupt_sf16_apoorva_mehta-4083 disrupt_sf16_apoorva_mehta-4086  View Slideshow Previous Next Exit   The company attempts to have a three-pronged revenue strategy: partnerships with grocery stores to drive additional traffic, advertising with consumer packaged goods companies, and then the fees from the customer. But in the next few years that CPG advertising may grow to be a huge portion of the company’s revenue. It begs the question as to whether the company, with those other two revenue streams, may be able to reduce the cost on the customer to zero. Of course, that’d be a good thing for the customer — and create the opportunity for more deliveries. And as the company makes its deliveries more efficient, drivers can deliver more products, and then handle more orders per hour and theoretically make more money. That’s Mehta’s justification for a recent drop in wages. “Four years ago when I started this company none of these things existed,” Mehta said on stage. “You couldn’t get groceries delivered in one hour, you couldn’t get them delivered from all grocery stores in a market. Today Instacart does this, as a result of that we grew to get to this point very, very fast. We went from having three markets to 15 — when you grow so fast obviously you’re going to have adjustments you’re going to have to make. When we think about the wage changes, the reason we had to do so, the wages made sense in three markets did’nt make sense for 15 markets.” Instacart has a heavy presence in the Bay Area at least. The company secures Instacart-only express lanes for its couriers in order to shorten the delivery time for its products. Eventually, it wants to offer a “bypass checkout” option for its couriers, allowing its couriers to skip the register. This is all in an attempt to lower the time between orders, increasing the frequency of which it can sell products and take off a share of those purchases. Instacart isn’t the only company in the on-demand space — nor is it one that’s facing challenges. But there are emerging competitors that are also raising large rounds of financing like Postmates, which is raising at least $100 million in a new round of financing that isn’t a down round, we reported earlier this month. Instacart launched out of Y Combinator in 2012. Managing the partnership minefield may be increasingly complex, especially with Whole Foods looking to take a share of the company. It’s going to have to grapple with the optics of favoritism, which might frustrate other potential and existing partners as it would encourage shoppers to gravitate toward faster-operating grocery providers for the shortest delivery time. In the end, it may make sense for Instacart to exist within the empire of a large grocery provider, but we’ll have to see where the outcome lands. Would Instacart sell to whole foods? Mehta says, at least for now, the answer is no: “The reality is that Instacart works with lots of different grocery stores, it just doesn’t make sense for us to even think about selling to a grocery store, not to mention as a company what we want to achieve, the best path for us it to continue being an independent company,” he said. We’ll see what the response is in a year or so, at least. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apoorva Mehta Bio Apoorva Mehta is founder and CEO of Instacart, the fast-growing [retail delivery](http://www.instacart.com/) service whose workers hand pick and deliver items from trusted local stores. Originally launched in San Francisco and since expanded into many other cities, Instacart has fundamentally changed the traditional [grocery delivery](http://www.instacart.com/) space by connecting customers with shoppers … Full profile for Apoorva Mehta Instacart Founded 2012 Overview Instacart is a same-day grocery delivery startup offering delivery in as little as one hour. Focused on delivering groceries and home essentials, Instacart already has over 500,000 items from local stores in its catalogue. Customers can choose from a variety of local stores including Safeway, Whole Foods, Super Fresh, Harris Teeter, Shaw's, Mariano's, Jewel-Osco, Stanley's and Costco. Customers … Location San Francisco, CA Categories E-Commerce, Delivery, Same Day Delivery, Grocery Founders Brandon Leonardo, Apoorva Mehta, Max Mullen Website https://www.instacart.com Full profile for Instacart Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes TechCrunch Disrupt SF techcrunch disrupt sf 2016 Instacart Apoorva Mehta Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 19 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 21 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Open source and coopetition are the new normal 23 hours ago | Ron Miller YC tries a new experiment: temporary partners 23 hours ago | Connie Loizos Latest From Startups Sesame Street’s VC fund makes its first investment in tutoring app Yup 21 minutes ago | Lora Kolodny Telemedicine company Syounika Online snags top prize at TechCrunch Tokyo 5 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps These are the TechCrunch Tokyo 2016 pitch competition winners 7 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Handshake nabs another $20M to make the job hunt more fair 17 hours ago | John Mannes Comment moderation powered by Up Next GitHub gets built-in project management tools and support for formal reviews Posted Sep 14, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 1 hour ago by Sarah Perez Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 21 hours ago by Matthew Lynley This weekend, Alexa will tell you what’s on sale 2 hours ago by Brian Heater Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress 23 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Nov 16, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 5 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 10 hours ago by Jon Russell Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 19 hours ago by Darrell Etherington How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming 21 hours ago by Jeff Kavanaugh Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 1 hour ago by Fitz Tepper
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 46 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Column: Why Aftab Pureval has my vote I am supporting Aftab Pureval, for Hamilton County Clerk of Courts in November. Post to Facebook Column: Why Aftab Pureval has my vote I am supporting Aftab Pureval, for Hamilton County Clerk of Courts in November.  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2d0advx {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Column: Why Aftab Pureval has my vote 1:24 p.m. EDT September 14, 2016 Ann Neuer Community Press guest columnist I am active in Hamilton County politics, but until recently I had only a vague idea of what the clerk of courts does and why that job is critically important to our community. That all changed when I met Aftab Pureval. Who is he and why is he the best candidate for this office? Aftab is an attorney at Procter & Gamble, where he works collaboratively with business leaders for a billion-dollar brand. He is also a product of Ohio public schools, including University of Cincinnati College of Law, where he was an editor of the Law Review. After practicing law in Washington, D.C., he returned to his native Ohio, and to Hamilton County, in particular, to work as a special assistant U.S. attorney for the Department of Justice. In addition, the Cincinnati Business Courier recognized him in its prestigious 40 Under 40. These impressive credentials plus his passion for creating greater access to justice make Aftab a compelling candidate. He wants to leverage his strong business and legal background to bring innovation to an office that houses and archives all of the documents relating to court cases that come before the Court of Common Pleas and the Municipal Court. I’ve learned that the Hamilton County Clerk’s Office has an estimated 250 jobs, and processes more than $130 million annually. Aftab has been very vocal about the fact that the Hamilton County Clerk’s Office needs to be run much more efficiently and professionally-essentially like a small business. Specifically, he is calling for all public records to be available online. They are available at the courthouse now, but in today’s digital world, it hardly makes sense to continue an archaic process that requires people to take time off of work to go downtown to access physical papers. Using cutting edge technology, including introduction of mobile apps to access documents, it is time to modernize this process. Also on Aftab’s agenda is the creation of a “Legal Self-Help Center” that would provide a one-stop shop at the courthouse to address common legal issues, which forms need to be filled out, or how to make certain motions. This center will increase the number of people who can access the courts, making justice more available. Finally, Aftab wants to ensure that the jobs in the Clerk’s Office are competitive, attracting the best and brightest who are most able to provide our community with the help they need. This approach differs from how the office is run today, whereby jobs are awarded as political patronage. At a time when innovation and fresh thinking are key to bettering our community, Hamilton County needs someone who can make that difference. That someone is Aftab Pureval. Ann Neuer is a writer and lives in Blue Ash. Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2d0advx TOP VIDEOS Joe Deters: "I didn't believe the tears for a second" 2:47 Are deals better on Black Friday or Cyber Monday? 1:00 Bengals vs. Bills Week 11 Predictions 6:02 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 Student at UC Tensing forum: 'It's time for war' 0:45 Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03 Use-of-force expert: 'The actions of Ray Tensing were justified' 0:50

null
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / Stock News / 20 Most Active Stocks in by Dollar Volume, NYSE Session 20 Most Active Stocks in by Dollar Volume, NYSE Session posted by Chris Miranda on September 14, 2016 at 9:03 am 20 Most Active Stocks in by Dollar Volume, NYSE Session Wells Fargo & Company is currently trading at  $46.96 1.58, down ▼ 3.26 percent on $2,767,239,157 total share volume. Alibaba Group Holding Limited  is currently trading at  $100.28 0.52, down ▼ 0.52 percent on $2,001,988,115 total share volume. Anadarko Petroleum Corporation is currently trading at $57.59 0.20, down ▼ 0.35 percent on $1,910,871,963 total share volume. Procter & Gamble Company (The) is currently trading at $87.05 1.20, down ▼ 1.36 percent on $1,713,327,240 total share volume.Bank of America Corporation is currently trading at $15.72 0.18, down ▼ 1.13 percent on $1,401,831,927 total share volume. General Electric Company  is currently trading at  $29.85 0.64, down ▼ 2.10 percent on $1,344,651,278 total share volume. J P Morgan Chase & Co  is currently trading at  $66.53 0.53, down ▼ 0.79 percent on $1,251,974,447 total share volume. Exxon Mobil Corporation  is currently trading at  $85.21 2.08, down ▼ 2.38 percent on $1,122,914,081 total share volume. AT&T Inc.  is currently trading at  $39.97 0.74, down ▼ 1.82 percent on $1,020,367,510 total share volume. Johnson & Johnson  is currently trading at  $117.61 1.55, down ▼ 1.30 percent on $935,598,017 total share volume. Citigroup Inc. is currently trading at $46.92 0.87, down ▼ 1.82 percent on $932,969,432 total share volume. Chevron Corporation  is currently trading at  $99.43 2.82, down ▼ 2.76 percent on $923,614,219 total share volume. Verizon Communications Inc.  is currently trading at  $51.45 1.12, down ▼ 2.13 percent on $905,352,942 total share volume. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is currently trading at $146.23 2.74, down ▼ 1.84 percent on $805,115,620 total share volume. Home Depot, Inc. (The)  is currently trading at  $125.72 2.87, down ▼ 2.23 percent on $800,564,468 total share volume. Monsanto Company is currently trading at $106.10 0.89, down ▼ 0.83 percent on $796,195,302 total share volume. Visa Inc.  is currently trading at  $81.89 1.08, down ▼ 1.30 percent on $722,794,961 total share volume. Walt Disney Company (The)  is currently trading at  $92.70 0.94, down ▼ 1.00 percent on $721,980,694 total share volume. Allergan plc.  is currently trading at  $240.10 0.13, down ▼ 0.05 percent on $711,294,329  total share volume. Pfizer, Inc. is currently trading at $34.04 0.61, down ▼ 1.76 percent on $706,576,722 total share volume. About Chris Miranda View all posts by Chris Miranda → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 Metatrader Brokers Spot Trade Source of Wealthy Information Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2016 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. ×
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending On the Money: Once considered safe, ‘smart’… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Light-rail cheaters Gun at elementary school Car takes nosedive Winter finally coming ‘Man up’ New recycling carts Hewitt loves ‘Loving’ New Woodbury cinema News Business On the Money: Once considered safe, ‘smart’ funds may be dumb investment Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Gail Marks Jarvis September 17, 2016 at 12:35 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular Winter storm gumbo: Downpour in metro, roads icy elsewhere; what to expect today 19-year-old killed in Inver Grove Heights crash Cop shoots suspect after he ‘blew doors off’ squad car in 130 mph chase Oops: Man’s car sails out of second-floor garage, takes a nosedive N.D. Jefferson expert tells University of Virginia students to ‘man up’ Gun brought by 7-year-old goes off at St. Paul elementary school Who could resist investments that are “smart”? They certainly sound better than “dumb investments” or “idiotic funds.” And who wouldn’t want to cut “volatility” in their investments? In other words, who wouldn’t want protection from a stock market crash such as those in 2000 and 2008, which turned 401(k)s into 201(k)s as stocks plunged more than 50 percent? Fund company professionals who create mutual funds and exchange traded funds (ETFs) realized after those horrible crashes traumatized people that if a fund could promise to take some of the pain of volatility away, their companies would have a hot investment product. And indeed they do. Related Articles On the Money: Surge in renters making the U.S. less affordable On the Money: Retired couples will need $260,000 for health care, investment firm estimates On the Money: Don’t fret about taking on a college loan, but do your homework first Since 2008, investment companies have been churning out different forms of funds known as “smart beta,” and there’s now more than $500 billion in them. They are known as low- or minimum-volatility funds, designed to hold stocks that are less likely to crash as severely than the stock market as a whole. The concept sells. Investors are drawn to them at a time when CD and bond interest rates are minuscule, and memories of those stock market crashes still keep people awake at night. Instead of fast-growing stocks such as Amazon or Tesla, the low-volatility funds tend to pick blue chip companies, known for their stable profits and performance — companies such as AT&T and Johnson & Johnson. The idea is that in a recession, consumers might not shop for a new tech gadget, but they will still buy toothpaste, diapers and laundry detergent. The trouble is that whenever any investment becomes ultra popular — even in a stable company — it ultimately will become risky if people like it too much. And that was a common warning from investing pros who spoke this month at the annual Morningstar ETF Conference in Chicago. Repeatedly, analysts mentioned that the dividend-paying stocks that make up low-volatility funds have been attracting so much money from risk-averse people lately that demand has pushed the stock prices way up. And when stocks or funds get too pricey, they can fall and fall hard. That realization has made some investors leery of the popular sectors that are favorites in low-volatility funds: utilities, real estate investment trusts (REITs) and consumer staples such as Procter & Gamble. But so far, the uptrend remains. During the first seven months of this year, one of the most popular low-volatility funds — the iShares Edge MSCI Minimum Volatility USA (USMV) fund — delivered a 13.26 percent gain. That’s huge compared with less than 8 percent in a Standard & Poor’s 500 index fund. Instead of being lulled by the gain, however, Morningstar analyst Ben Johnson has warned that an examination of data back to 1994 shows that when the MSCI USA Minimum Volatility Index has been pricey, there have been declines. And he noted that at the end of July, the index was the priciest since its launch in June 2008. Analysts also point out that the low volatility approach could be vulnerable if the Federal Reserve starts raising interest rates this month or in December. If interest rates start climbing, people who bought utilities and REITs for dividend income while interest rates were remarkably low will see safer alternatives for their money. They may sell utilities and REITs, as they have in the past when interest rates headed up, and put money into bonds and CDs instead. If the utilities, REITs and other dividend-payers in low-volatility funds are heavily sold, the low-volatility fund values also will decline. Because low-volatility funds are relatively new, they have not been tested during a period of rising interest rates — the type of period that may be coming in the months ahead. So people could become unnerved if they bought low-volatility funds thinking the funds would always be a defense against stock market losses. Like every type of investment, low-volatility stocks ride cycles and will go up and down. But most investors don’t give funds a chance when they act differently than assumed. Jason Hsu, chairman of Rayliant Global Advisors, told a Morningstar audience that humans have a lousy track record with funds: “They add onto what they’ve heard others say made great money.” Then, the cycle turns and “they sell and cause themselves great harm.” Contact Gail MarksJarvis at gmarksjarvis@tribune.com.   Tags:  Gail MarksJarvis Gail Marks Jarvis You can help us improve our commenting space. Take our survey and follow our terms of use. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames users and offers $149 fix November 18, 2016, 10:24 am Apple has finally admitted to the existence of the mysterious iPhone ailment that caused unresponsive screens and came to be called the “touch disease.” Read More Best Buy sales top views, aided by online revenue; shares at sixyear high November 17, 2016, 6:10 pm Best Buy Co. posted higher third-quarter sales, helped by continued improvement in its online business, though recent recalls of Samsung products will weigh on its performance in the holiday quarter. Shares soared almost 14 percent to levels not seen since 2010. The Richfield-based electronics chain estimated that recalls of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and  the brand’s washing machines... Read More You deserve a seat today: McDonald’s expanding table service November 17, 2016, 2:52 pm McDonald’s wants to makes its fast-food outlets feel more like restaurants, with plans to eventually expand table service across its U.S. locations. The world’s biggest burger chain says it has been testing the service at about 500 of its more than 14,000 domestic stores. Customers in those stores order at the counter or at kiosks and sit down and wait... Read More Minnesota sheds 12,500 jobs in October, overall employment steady November 17, 2016, 1:00 pm Minnesota employers eliminated 12,500 jobs in October, according to seasonally adjusted figures released today by the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development. The state’s seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was steady at 4 percent. That compares with the national rate of 4.9 percent. Over the past year, Minnesota has gained 31,375 jobs, up 1.1 percent. Employment nationally is up 1.6... Read More Land O’Lakes CEO talks company’s future in east metro, transit, election November 17, 2016, 1:11 pm Land O’Lakes has been in Minnesota for almost a century. It started with a group of farmers who wanted to sell quality sticks of butter back in the early 1920s. Over the years, the agricultural co-op has grown into a Fortune 500 company that now employs more than 10,000 people nationally, some 1,800 of which are baed at its headquarters in... Read More Fed’s Kashkari rolls out blueprint for ending ‘too big to fail’ banks November 16, 2016, 3:45 pm Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis President Neel Kashkari on Wednesday recommended a hefty increase in capital requirements for the country’s biggest financial institutions, a de facto call for breaking up the big banks. The recommendations are part of a 50-page report that comes after a nearly yearlong effort by Kashkari to explore ways to end the problem of “too big... Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Pioneer Press careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18865.53 -0.20%   S&P 500 ▲ 2181.58 -0.25%   Nasdaq ▲ 5319.60 -0.27%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -8/32 yield 2.334%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.11 -0.68%   Euro ▲ 1.0589 -0.36%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In VW to Slash Up to 30,000 Jobs in Broad Overhaul Chipotle, Ackman Near Settlement Over Company’s Board Facebook Fends Off Crises With Confidence DraftKings, FanDuel Agree to Merge Sanofi to Stop Production of Bladder-Cancer Drug Europe Inc. Is Poised for a Rebound Former Executives Accused in Fraud Against Valeant Betting on Flavored Alcohol Can Be Risky for Booze Makers ADM Chief Andreas Wielded Power in Washington and Abroad Abercrombie Profit Tumbles Amid Rebranding Efforts China Presses U.S. Tech Firms to Police the Internet Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Unilever Is in Talks to Acquire Jessica Alba’s Honest Co. Unilever is discussing a deal below the startup’s previous $1.7 billion valuation Unilever is in talks to buy Honest Co., a consumer products company co-founded by actress Jessica Alba, in a deal valued at over $1 billion but below the startup's previous valuation. WSJ's Lee Hawkins explains. By Serena Ng and Serena Ng The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographySerena Ng @SerenaNgWSJ Google+ Serena.Ng@wsj.com Sharon Terlep Sharon Terlep The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographySharon Terlep @sharonterlep Updated Sept. 15, 2016 7:51 p.m. ET Unilever PLC is in talks to acquire Honest Co., the consumer-products retailer co-founded by actress Jessica Alba, according to people familiar with the matter. Unilever, maker of Dove soaps and Axe body sprays, is discussing a deal valued at over $1 billion but significantly less than the $1.7 billion valuation that was placed on Honest in a fundraising round last year, the people said. The talks are at an early stage, and Honest... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos A Reporter's View From the Trump Tower Lobby Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Nintendo NES Classic Edition Takes You Back to ’85 Wilson, Wyo.: The Priciest Town You Never Heard Of China Tightens Regulations on Movie Themes Most Popular Articles Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family Opinion: Donald Trump Won Because Hillary Clinton Flopped Opinion: The Democrats Double Down Trump Children Won’t Have Formal White House Roles Opinion: What to Tell Your Children About Trump Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 684 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Norma Petersen, tireless champion of the arts Arts advocate helped Pops conductor Erich Kunzel create the new School for Creative and Performing Arts Post to Facebook Norma Petersen, tireless champion of the arts Arts advocate helped Pops conductor Erich Kunzel create the new School for Creative and Performing Arts  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2cqCTtA {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Norma Petersen, tireless champion of the arts Janelle Gelfand , jgelfand@enquirer.com 4:20 p.m. EDT September 15, 2016 She helped Erich Kunzel spearhead a new School for Creative and Performing Arts Buy Photo Norma Petersen (Photo: Enquirer file)Buy Photo Norma Petersen sold symphony tickets, directed volunteers, helped to found a support group for Music Hall, turned around a struggling Cincinnati Chamber Orchestra and worked with Cincinnati Pops conductor Erich Kunzel to create a new School for Creative and Performing Arts. Yet, despite her tireless volunteerism and passion for the arts, she was home in time to cook dinner each night for her six children. “She was home when we came home,” said her son, Steven Petersen. “We sat down to dinner every night as a family, always. There were eight of us around the table, and she could stretch a chicken like nobody else.” Mrs. Petersen died on Sept. 9 at Hyde Park Health Center, surrounded by her family. She was 88. The Cincinnati Pops will dedicate its season opening concerts this weekend to Mrs. Petersen’s memory. She was an ardent supporter of the Cincinnati Symphony and Pops Orchestra, and longtime friend of Kunzel, who died in 2009. The Pops conductor asked her to help him spearhead the unprecedented K-12 arts school near Music Hall in Over-the-Rhine, SCPA, part of Cincinnati Public Schools. She served as executive director of the Greater Cincinnati Arts and Education Center, which saw the project to completion. At its opening in 2010, she was thanked for 20 years of work with Kunzel to make his dream come true. “They were buddies, there’s no question,” said Steven Petersen. “Erich called her ‘Mother,’ which was more of an endearment. That was how he felt about her, that she was watching over everything and keeping an eye on things and caring and nurturing.” Buy Photo Norma Petersen, longtime friend and supporter of Erich Kunzel, near a portrait of the legendary Cincinnati Pops Orchestra, in 2009.  (Photo: Enquirer file/MIchael E. Keating) Caring and nurturing was also how Mrs. Petersen felt about the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra. When she was vice president of subscription sales in 1974-75 for the legendary Women’s Committee, a volunteer arm, subscription sales skyrocketed from 11,000 to 17,000. As its president (1977-79), she presided over projects such as the vastly successful Septemberfest – the predecessor of Riverfest. In 1981, then-CSO president Steven Monder hired her to be the orchestra's director of volunteers, a position she held for six years. At the time, the organization was introducing for the first time computerized ticket sales and fundraising, and the role of volunteers was changing. She was a part of a large, nationwide transition among orchestras, helping to shepherd the old-school kind of volunteerism into the newer era, Monder said. “Norma found the good in everything, and helped enormously,” Monder said. “She brought the experience and confidence needed to help the volunteers become agents of change. She was sweet, kind and unimposing, but tenacious and committed and believed in what she was doing.” The professional contacts she made there helped when she stepped in the '80s as a volunteer executive director of the Cincinnati Chamber Orchestra, then in severe financial shape. During her unpaid tenure, 1987-94, she convinced stars to perform for very small fees, and convinced a skeptical board that they needed to hire a young rising conductor named Keith Lockhart. Under Lockhart, now conductor of the Boston Pops, ticket sales more than doubled, the orchestra cut its first album and made its New York debut. Always devoted to Music Hall, Mrs. Petersen and a group of like-minded supporters founded the nonprofit Society for the Preservation of Music Hall (SPMH) in 1992. She was its longest-serving president, serving from 2002 to 2010. Mrs. Petersen was born in Brigham City, Utah, where she grew up on a farm, the fourth child of Alvera and Martin Anderson Jr. She was proud of her heritage as the great-granddaughter of Mormon pioneer John Davis Rees, who walked with his family across the plains to escape the persecution suffered by the Mormon population in Illinois, and settled in Brigham City in 1853. She told SPMH’s “Music Hall Marks” that the strong Mormon ethic of giving back and its “culture of service” motivated her life. Mrs. Petersen married high school sweetheart Gerald C. Petersen in 1948. They moved to Cincinnati in 1962 when Mr. Petersen took a position with Procter & Gamble, and she began her lifetime of volunteerism working for Hyde Park Schools. After Mr. Petersen’s death in 1994, Mrs. Petersen oversaw the Over-the-Rhine Lighting Project for the Over-the-Rhine Foundation in his memory. “She’d probably want to be remembered as someone who saw what needed to be done, took the bull by the horns and did it,” her son said. “She was never somebody who was looking for a pat on the back or adulation.” Among her honors, Mrs. Petersen was an Enquirer Woman of the Year. Besides her son, Steven, of Clifton, Mrs. Petersen is survived by daughters Jan Leslie, of Pierce Township and Julie Adair, of Eagar, Arizona; and by sons Christopher, of Price Hill, and David, of Westwood. She was the grandmother of 14, and great-grandmother of 19, She was preceded in death by a daughter, Gina Stack, in 2007. Visitation is from 5:30 p.m, to 7:30 p.m. Friday, Sept. 16 at Vorhis & Ryan Funeral Home, 5501 Montgomery Rd., Norwood. Funeral Services will be at 10:30 a.m. Saturday, Sept. 17 at Spring Grove Cemetery in the Norman Chapel. Memorials may be made to the School for Creative and Performing Arts (SCPA), 108 W Central Pkwy, Cincinnati, OH 45202, or Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, 1241 Elm Street, Cincinnati, OH 45202. 684 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2cqCTtA TOP VIDEOS Joe Deters: \u0022I didn't believe the tears for a second\u0022 2:47 Are deals better on Black Friday or Cyber Monday? 1:00 Bengals vs. Bills Week 11 Predictions 6:02 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 Student at UC Tensing forum: 'It's time for war' 0:45 Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03 Use-of-force expert: 'The actions of Ray Tensing were justified' 0:50
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1.00/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Houston TV anchor fired for pro-Donald Trump Facebook post Playboy playmates sue Texas strip club over racy ads UTSA student could get life sentence in soda theft case What your dogs mean when they makes these gestures Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Houston & Texas News Houston Texas Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Education K-12 Zone Blog School Report Card 2014 Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History UTSA student accused of refilling soda without paying, assaulting Houston protest leaders say they're being targeted for arrest FBI, Secret Service join search for missing son of congressman Baytown murder suspect Jesse Dobbs stabbed teen girlfriend US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Alabama man sentenced to 40 years after murdering man who Man dressed as ninja breaks into comic book store, steals a What happens to lions and tigers when their cartel owners get Tinder murder case's Gable Tostee in '60 Minutes' interview: 'I Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Three-pointers: Takeaways from the Rockets' 126-109 win against Derek Carr on Texans: 'They didn't even talk to me one time' Langham Creek's Kelechi Osemele provides nasty streak for Raiders Breaking down UH's dominant win over Louisville by the numbers Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Texas shows moderate job growth in October, oil and gas stops Bush IAH one of several U.S. airports in line for British Airways Bailey Banks & Biddle plans Houston opening at The Galleria World's biggest airplane lands at Bush airport A&E Preview Preview Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Comics & Games Events & Things To Do NEW: Puzzles Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work 24-hour Christmas music begins on Sunny 99.1 on Friday at 3 p.m. Houston's best and most expensive restaurants It's no decoy: 'Duck Dynasty' to wrap after 11 seasons Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states The Trump whisperer: 10 facts about Jared Kushner This polar bear petting a dog is the cutest thing you'll see The heir: 9 things to know about Donald Trump Jr. Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/energy/article/Amazon-invests-in-massive-Texas-wind-farm-9225205.php Amazon invests in massive Texas wind farm Jordan Blum Updated 12:56 pm, Thursday, September 15, 2016 Photo: Christopher Furlong, Getty Images Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 GLASGOW, SCOTLAND - OCTOBER 07: The moon rises behind the turbines of Whitelees Windfarm on October 7, 2014 in Glasgow, Scotland. Whitelee Wind farm is the largest windfarm in the UK. GLASGOW, SCOTLAND - OCTOBER 07: The moon rises behind the turbines of Whitelees Windfarm on October 7, 2014 in Glasgow, Scotland. Whitelee Wind farm is the largest windfarm in the UK. Photo: Christopher Furlong, Getty Images Amazon invests in massive Texas wind farm 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Amazon is investing in West Texas wind for its largest renewable energy project ever. Seattle-based Amazon is teaming up with Chicago's Lincoln Clean Energy to build the 253-megawatt Amazon Wind Farm Texas west of Abilene in Scurry County. One megawatt typically powers 200 homes on a hot Texas day. The wind farm, slated to open by the end of 2017, will feature more than 100 wind turbines designed to power Amazon cloud data centers and more. "Amazon Wind Farm Texas is our largest renewable energy project to date and the newest milestone in our long-term sustainability efforts across the company," said Kara Hurst, Amazon director of sustainability, in the announcement. Amazon is continuing to expand in Texas. The online shopping juggernaut opened a new, "Silicon Hills" corporate hub last year in Austin and, in 2014, leased out a large chunk of office space at the Dallas Galleria complex. Amazon has Dallas-area warehouses, called fulfillment centers, in Coppell and Haslet. There's also a large Amazon warehouse and customer service center outside of San Antonio in Schertz. Earlier this summer, Amazon pledged to open a new 855,000-square-foot distribution warehouse in north Houston at the Pinto Business Park near Interstate 45 and Beltway 8 that's under development. The Amazon fulfillment center is expected to employ 1,000 people. That's in addition to Amazon's Prime Now warehouse hub in Humble. Amazon also just opened more than 20 "Pop UP" electronics stores nationwide, including two in Texas in San Antonio and Arlington. As for the wind farm, the project costs were not released, but Lincoln CEO Declan Flanagan has described the cost of a 200-megawatt Texas wind farms at about $300 million. Amazon already has announced smaller wind and solar farms in Indiana, North Carolina, Ohio and Virginia. However, Texas leads the nation by far in wind power. Google, Microsoft, Wal-Mart, General Motors, Procter & Gamble, Dow Chemical Co. and Hewlett-Packard all count among the companies buying power from Texas wind farms. Ikea even owns a wind farm in the state. Lincoln Clean Energy will build and own the Amazon wind farm, but Amazon is contracting to buy 90 percent of the generated power. Lincoln, which also has offices in Austin, is developing other Texas wind projects as well. Its planned Horse Creek Wind project north of Abilene and the Electra Wind development near Wichita Falls — both 200-megawatt wind farms — are still in the works. However, Lincoln's 201-megawatt Nazareth Solar project in the Texas Panhandle has faced ongoing delays. Lincoln previously developed and sold the Hereford and Jumbo Road wind farms in Texas that opened in 2014 and 2015, respectively. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW JVC 55" 4K 2160p LED LCD UHD TV for $350 + free shipping WalmartPosted 4 hr 58 min ago SHOP NOW iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner for $98 + free shipping GearBestPosted 1 day ago SHOP NOW Air Hogs Helix Sentinel 720p Video Drone for $128 + free shipping WalmartPosted 22 hr 21 min ago SHOP NOW Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $9 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 1 hr 55 min ago Latest News Texas shows moderate job growth in October, oil and gas stops... Bush IAH one of several U.S. airports in line for British... World's biggest airplane lands at Bush airport Wienerschnitzel inks franchise deal for 32 Houston restaurants Port of Houston Authority undertakes new marketing Hay Merchant again opens the cellar for Black Friday UTHealth, Purdue Pharma announce alliance Rice MBA program among top 10 in the nation, best in Texas,... October new vehicle sales show continued downward trend New Carl's Jr. burger restaurant opens in Houston Small Business How to Add Wi-Fi to a Dell Desktop How to Auto-Run a Program at Startup on Windows 7 What Is the Meaning of a Payable to Order Promissory Note? SWOT Analysis for a Bank Campaign What Is Business/Semi-Formal Dress for Women? Most Read 1 Scarlett Fakhar says she was fired by KRIV-TV following... 2 Alabama man sentenced to 40 years after murdering man who... 3 Bring a jacket: Houston is about to see a 20+ degree drop in... 4 Owners of Houston's V Live Club get locked out, nearly $200K... 5 Alexandria Vera, teacher impregnated by 13-year-old student,... 6 WWE announces Survivor Series for Houston 7 Toys "R" Us Black Friday 2016 ad circular released 8 Mother learns her little girl killed in robbery 9 World's biggest airplane lands at Bush airport 10 UH smothers Lamar Jackson in demolition of No. 5 Louisville View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 18, 11:36 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google And Facebook Back New Coalition To Save Internet From Ads That 'Abuse The Goodwill' Of Consumers By Susmita Baral @sushbaral On 09/15/16 AT 1:41 PM Close A new coalition group announced on Thursday at the digital advertising trade show Dmexco in Cologne, Germany with the goal of eliminating bad web ads. Called “The Coalition for Better Ads,” the group is made up of publishers, advertisers, and advertising trade associations including notable tech companies like Facebook and Google. “Advertising has been the economic driver of the explosive growth of the Internet and mobile media,” said Bob Liodice, CEO of ANA, one of the Coalition members, in a statement. “To assure that advertising fulfills this critical role, the digital marketplace needs continually to be strengthened. Leading brands develop a deep understanding of consumer needs and work to meet them. The Coalition for Better Ads will utilize a similar approach that translates consumer insights into positive action.” The first act by the coalition was to create a uniform standard to assess online advertising, which will be implemented by the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s (IAB) Tech Lab. IAB technology scores ads on several variables (e.g. page load time, number of tracking pixels) to determine which ads are okay and which are not. The group says criterions will be based on the kind of ads consumers like and dislike. “Advertising funds the diversity of information, entertainment, and services on the free Internet, but that doesn’t give business a license to abuse the goodwill of consumers,” said Randall Rothenberg, President and CEO of the IAB, in a statement. “It is essential that industry create standards to assure that consumers get safe, fast, secure delivery of the sites and services they love.” The Coalition was formed by the increasing prevalence of ad blocking. According to research commissioned by the IAB, over a quarter of internet users in the U.S. use an online ad-blocking software on their desktop computers. Related Stories Adblock Plus To Sell 'Acceptable' Ads On Automated Platform Facebook Aims To Power All Online Advertising The complete list of founding members include American Association of Advertising Agencies (4A’s), ANA, BVDW Germany, Digital Content Next, DMA, European Publishers Council, Facebook, Google, GroupM, IAB, IAB Europe, IAB Tech Lab, as well as additional national and regional IABs, Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), News Media Alliance, Procter & Gamble, Unilever, The Washington Post, and World Federation of Advertisers (WFA). The announcement of the coalition comes after Eyeo GmbH—the parent company of popular adblocking software Adblock Plus—revealed that it would be expanding its efforts in selling ads. The company, which previously allowed certain non disruptive ads to remain, launched an automated ad marketplace to let publishers include “acceptable” ads on their site. The IAB has spoken out against Eyeo GmbH’s new marketplace. “No matter how Adblock Plus tries to justify their form of extortion, or make it seem harmless, it is a practice that will continue to erode the value exchange that powers the free and open Internet,” said IAB public policy chief Dave Grimaldi in a statement. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Carl Icahn's Market Forecasts For A Trump Presidency Longtime Donald Trump supporter and billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn expects the president-elect to be good for business, despite looming tariffs. Technology Amazon Echo Features: You Can Now Send Hands-Free Text Messages To AT&T Customers Starting today, Amazon’s Alexa-powered device can send messages for you and send them to a list of contacts that have been pre-programmed. World Crown Asks For £369M For Palace Overhaul Citing tourism and prestige, the UK's Treasury announced Friday plans for a massive refurbishment of Buckingham Palace. National Texas Proposes Yet Another Abortion Restricting Law The Pre-Born Protection and Dignity Act would prohibit partial birth abortions and the donation of fetal tissue. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Fri,  18 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   AAMRATECH 25.80   -0.10 -0.39%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 19.40   1.70 9.60%   ACI   1.10   ACIFORMULA 157.30   1.30 0.83%   ACMELAB 102.90   -0.10 -0.10%   ACTIVEFINE 39.20   0.30 0.77%   AFCAGRO 45.70   0.70 1.56%   AFTABAUTO 56.50   0.30 0.53%   AGNISYSL 18.60   0.30 1.64%   AGRANINS 17.20   -0.50 -2.82%   AIBL1STIMF 8.00   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 94.50   -0.90 -0.94%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.10 0.66%   ALLTEX 9.30   0.70 8.14%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   4.40 1.01%   ANLIMAYARN 26.70   0.50 1.91%   ANWARGALV 73.00   5.10 7.51%   APEXFOOT 359.20   -4.70 -1.29%   APEXTANRY 124.50   2.10 1.72%   APOLOISPAT 16.00   -0.10 -0.62%   ARGONDENIM 28.00   -0.10 -0.36%   ASIAINS 16.40   -0.20 -1.20%   ASIAPACINS 16.30   -0.10 -0.61%   ATCSLGF 10.40   0.10 0.97%   ATLASBANG 112.20   -0.50 -0.44%   AZIZPIPES 61.80   -5.40 -8.04%   BANGAS 121.90   11.00 9.92%   BANKASIA 17.70   0.30 1.72%   BATASHOE 1175.00   -4.70 -0.40%   BATBC   14.20   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.20 0.99%   BBS   -1.90   BDFINANCE 10.30   0.30 3.00%   BDLAMPS 171.00   0.20 0.12%   BDTHAI 22.40   -0.30 -1.32%   BDWELDING 9.10   0.10 1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   BEACONPHAR 18.80   0.00 0.00%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -50.00 -2.08%   BEXIMCO 22.30   0.10 0.45%   BGIC   -0.10   BIFC   0.00   BNICL   -0.80   BRACBANK 65.80   -0.10 -0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1040.00   10.00 0.97%   BSC   -2.90   BSCCL   -0.70   BSRMLTD 140.60   -0.30 -0.21%   BSRMSTEEL 94.70   0.60 0.64%   BXPHARMA 81.90   0.10 0.12%   BXSYNTH 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   CENTRALINS 17.20   0.40 2.38%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.60   -0.50 -3.31%   CMCKAMAL 14.70   0.80 5.76%   CNATEX 8.00   0.10 1.27%   CONFIDCEM 109.00   -5.60 -4.89%   CONTININS 16.50   -0.50 -2.94%   CVOPRL 194.00   0.70 0.36%   DACCADYE 6.90   0.10 1.47%   DAFODILCOM 33.70   0.10 0.30%   DBH   0.10   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 99.30   -1.20 -1.19%   DELTASPINN 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   DESHBANDHU 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   DHAKABANK 16.20   0.10 0.62%   DHAKAINS 20.60   0.60 3.00%   DOREENPWR 113.70   0.50 0.44%   DSSL   1.00   DULAMIACOT 7.70   0.70 10.00%   DUTCHBANGL 106.10   -0.40 -0.38%   EASTERNINS 24.30   0.50 2.10%   EASTLAND 20.50   -0.30 -1.44%   EASTRNLUB 908.90   -27.70 -2.96%   EBL   -0.10   EBL1STMF 5.00   -0.20 -3.85%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.10 2.17%   ECABLES 142.00   -1.60 -1.11%   EHL   -0.70   EMERALDOIL 33.70   0.10 0.30%   ENVOYTEX 36.60   0.50 1.39%   ETL   -0.60   EXIM1STMF 6.60   0.10 1.54%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.20 1.89%   FAMILYTEX 8.00   0.30 3.90%   FARCHEM 19.50   0.20 1.04%   FAREASTFIN 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.10 0.16%   FASFIN 11.40   -0.10 -0.87%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 10.10   -0.30 -2.88%   FEKDIL 22.30   -0.40 -1.76%   FINEFOODS 19.80   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.10 1.45%   FIRSTSBANK 12.20   0.20 1.67%   FORTUNE 46.40   3.10 7.16%   FUWANGCER 14.20   0.80 5.97%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.40 3.25%   GBBPOWER 15.00   0.30 2.04%   GEMINISEA 780.60   -10.90 -1.38%   GENNEXT 6.90   0.10 1.47%   GHAIL   -1.00   GHCL   -0.30   GLAXOSMITH 1565.20   -3.00 -0.19%   GLOBALINS 13.00   0.10 0.78%   GOLDENSON 15.40   0.20 1.32%   GP   3.20   GPHISPAT 29.00   0.50 1.75%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.60   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.40   0.30 1.49%   HEIDELBCEM 545.00   -0.20 -0.04%   HFL   -0.40   HRTEX   0.40   IBBLPBOND 972.00   4.00 0.41%   IBNSINA 211.90   0.20 0.09%   ICB   -0.70   ICB1STNRB 18.90   0.20 1.07%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   ICB3RDNRB 4.40   -0.10 -2.22%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   -0.10 -1.89%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.00   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   0.40   IFIC   1.00   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   0.00   IMAMBUTTON 10.60   0.00 0.00%   INTECH 11.70   0.30 2.63%   IPDC   -0.30   ISLAMIBANK 30.30   0.90 3.06%   ISLAMICFIN 15.70   0.20 1.29%   ISLAMIINS 17.30   0.10 0.58%   ISNLTD 12.90   0.40 3.20%   ITC   -0.50   JAMUNABANK 14.60   0.20 1.39%   JAMUNAOIL 192.70   -0.20 -0.10%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.40 -3.13%   JMISMDL 156.00   -1.10 -0.70%   JUTESPINN 54.20   0.70 1.31%   KARNAPHULI 14.30   0.10 0.70%   KAY&QUE 26.00   -2.50 -8.77%   KBPPWBIL 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   KDSALTD 66.20   0.40 0.61%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.20 2.04%   KOHINOOR 432.00   -4.00 -0.92%   KPCL   0.20   KPPL   -0.10   LEGACYFOOT 18.40   0.10 0.55%   LINDEBD 1343.00   0.60 0.04%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.40   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1212.10   -24.40 -1.97%   MATINSPINN 37.40   0.90 2.47%   MBL1STMF 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 7.00   0.10 1.45%   MEGHNACEM 91.10   -2.90 -3.09%   MEGHNALIFE 53.10   0.10 0.19%   MEGHNAPET 5.40   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.30 2.14%   MERCINS 14.00   -0.10 -0.71%   METROSPIN 6.40   0.10 1.59%   MHSML   0.20   MIDASFIN 22.80   -2.20 -8.80%   MIRACLEIND 37.80   -1.10 -2.83%   MITHUNKNIT 67.40   5.00 8.01%   MJLBD   -0.90   MODERNDYE 182.60   -5.30 -2.82%   MONNOCERA 36.30   0.50 1.40%   MONNOSTAF 589.10   6.00 1.03%   MPETROLEUM 181.70   -0.40 -0.22%   MTB   0.10   NATLIFEINS 173.80   0.30 0.17%   NAVANACNG 56.60   -0.80 -1.39%   NBL   -0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.30 2.86%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.00   NHFIL   -0.20   NITOLINS 21.40   -0.30 -1.38%   NORTHERN 219.00   19.90 9.99%   NORTHRNINS 18.70   -0.40 -2.09%   NTC   0.80   NTLTUBES 126.40   -3.20 -2.47%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 309.90   1.20 0.39%   ONEBANKLTD 15.10   0.30 2.03%   ORIONINFU 59.20   -0.80 -1.33%   ORIONPHARM 40.20   -0.70 -1.71%   PADMALIFE 22.80   0.20 0.88%   PADMAOIL 186.10   -0.30 -0.16%   PARAMOUNT 19.80   0.50 2.59%   PENINSULA 24.20   -0.20 -0.82%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.60   0.00 0.00%   PHARMAID 246.00   0.00 0.00%   PHENIXINS 22.30   0.60 2.76%   PHOENIXFIN 24.50   0.20 0.82%   PHPMF1 4.30   -0.10 -2.27%   PIONEERINS 29.40   -0.10 -0.34%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 4.50   0.10 2.27%   POPULARLIF 68.70   -0.40 -0.58%   POWERGRID 54.90   -0.30 -0.54%   PRAGATIINS 25.90   0.40 1.57%   PRAGATILIF 87.70   -0.40 -0.45%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.10 1.10%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   -0.90 -1.07%   PREMIERLEA 10.10   -0.10 -0.98%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.50   0.40 2.65%   PRIMEFIN 8.10   0.10 1.25%   PRIMEINSUR 17.10   0.40 2.40%   PRIMELIFE 57.50   -0.80 -1.37%   PRIMETEX 22.10   -0.40 -1.78%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.80 1.63%   PROVATIINS 14.30   -0.40 -2.72%   PTL   0.20   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 16.40   -0.10 -0.61%   QSMDRYCELL 100.40   1.80 1.83%   RAHIMAFOOD 84.60   -1.40 -1.63%   RAHIMTEXT 233.80   2.70 1.17%   RAKCERAMIC 61.80   2.80 4.75%   RDFOOD 15.60   -0.50 -3.11%   RECKITTBEN 1590.00   9.50 0.60%   REGENTTEX 12.90   -0.20 -1.53%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.10   -0.30 -0.65%   RENATA 1094.00   1.70 0.16%   REPUBLIC 16.70   -0.10 -0.60%   RNSPIN 17.10   -0.30 -1.72%   RSRMSTEEL 48.20   2.10 4.56%   RUPALIBANK 26.80   0.90 3.47%   RUPALIINS 17.40   0.10 0.58%   RUPALILIFE 36.70   0.90 2.51%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   -0.10 -0.87%   SAIFPOWER 48.00   -12.60 -20.79%   SAIHAMTEX 13.90   0.20 1.46%   SALAMCRST 27.60   0.40 1.47%   SALVOCHEM 13.50   0.10 0.75%   SAMATALETH 24.00   -0.30 -1.23%   SAMORITA 62.40   0.50 0.81%   SANDHANINS 29.80   0.60 2.05%   SAPORTL 39.40   0.40 1.03%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SEMLLECMF 9.70   0.40 4.30%   SHAHJABANK 13.80   0.10 0.73%   SHASHADNIM 62.00   -1.00 -1.59%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.50 2.50%   SINGERBD 182.80   -0.10 -0.05%   SINOBANGLA 23.60   0.30 1.29%   SONALIANSH 194.00   0.60 0.31%   SONARBAINS 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   SONARGAON 8.70   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.50   0.50 2.94%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.20 2.53%   SPCL   -1.20   SQUARETEXT 65.20   -0.60 -0.91%   SQURPHARMA 246.00   -1.70 -0.69%   STANDARINS 17.50   -0.50 -2.78%   STANDBANKL 10.40   0.40 4.00%   STYLECRAFT 1620.00   10.50 0.65%   SUMITPOWER 34.60   0.70 2.06%   SUNLIFEINS 18.00   0.20 1.12%   TAKAFULINS 18.00   -0.20 -1.10%   TALLUSPIN 8.30   0.20 2.47%   TOSRIFA 17.50   -0.30 -1.69%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.50   0.40 1.73%   TUNGHAI 10.60   -0.10 -0.93%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.40 3.17%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   1.20 3.09%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 20.50   0.30 1.49%   UNITEDINS 24.60   0.10 0.41%   UPGDCL 142.40   0.60 0.42%   USMANIAGL 93.00   2.00 2.20%   UTTARABANK 23.60   -0.20 -0.84%   UTTARAFIN 58.00   -0.40 -0.68%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.10 1.14%   WATACHEM 162.00   5.80 3.71%   WMSHIPYARD 24.80   -0.20 -0.80%   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.20   -0.10 -0.65%   Latest News Memorial meeting recalls R P Saha's contribution CU golden jubilee celebrations start 25 stranded BD workers return from Afghanistan Repatriate Bangabandhu killers, Nasim to Trump Quader terms Khaleda's EC proposals hollow Banding together in anti-tobacco battle The necessity of leisure and recreation The task that lies ahead Into the era of Trumpism Home delivery of medicine Scots, Welsh can have say in Brexit court case TIME - 10:37 pm National 25 stranded BD workers return from Afghanistan Economy France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc World Scots, Welsh can have say in Brexit court Stock Stocks stay positive for 3rd consecutive week Crackdown on tax evasion from imported goods soon TOP NEWS Mexican central bank ups interest rates to endure Trump   BD occupies 124th spot in UN e-government survey Fake news has power to destroy democracy: Obama Khaleda prioritises on ‘consensus’ to form next EC NATO 'absolutely confident' of Trump leadership in alliance Trump offers security adviser job to Flynn 73 die in Mozambique tanker blast Abe has ‘great confidence in Trump’ Oil prices drop Asian shares tremble Memorial meeting recalls R P Saha's contribution November 18, 2016, 10:37 pm Discussants at a memorial meeting on Thursday lauded the contribution of Ranada Prasad Saha to the country's education, health and different other social welfare sectors. They also said at present many such great personalities like him are highly needed for Read more CU golden jubilee celebrations start November 18, 2016, 10:36 pm CHITTAGONG, Nov 18: A two-day programme marking the golden jubilee of Chittagong University (CU) started on Friday amid much pomp and grandeur. Chittagong University started its journey with only six departments on November 18, 1966. On the occasion, the administrative building, Read more Economy Fed could raise interest rates ‘soon’: Yellen  The chair of the US Federal Reserve, Janet Yellen, has indicated that it could raise interest rates "relatively soon". She said this on Thursday in Congressional testimony that included a pledge BIDA bids to improve doing business rankings November 17, 2016, 11:25 pm US factory production rise in Oct November 17, 2016, 12:57 pm ‘Govt plans to reduce fuel oil prices soon’ November 17, 2016, 7:50 pm Inbound travelling drops in Q1 November 17, 2016, 6:45 pm Tofail flogs Pakistan for 'absurd' claim November 16, 2016, 6:33 pm Finance Banks struggling to hit turnover heights The listed banks have failed for the fourth consecutive year to regain the top position in the turnover board of the country's both bourses although over five years have already elapsed since the last stock market debacle. Banks used to dominate Business leaders want gradual opening up of capital account Classified loans leap to Tk 143.60b in 9 months Call to increase budget allocation for child-related initiatives MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting Editorial Hindrance to desirable industrial growth Reading between the lines of the report on industrial productivity Hindrance to desirable industrial growth Reading between the lines of the report on industrial productivity Op-Ed Reserve 40 per cent seats for women and children MOVEMENT of common people in capital Dhaka has turned out Reserve 40 per cent seats for women and children MOVEMENT of common people in capital Dhaka has turned out Women's Entrepreneurship Day, 2016 ENTREPRENEURS are the vanguards of progress as they are the Women's Entrepreneurship Day, 2016 ENTREPRENEURS are the vanguards of progress as they are the Missing the pulse Beyond the bickering, nastiness and stomach turning rhetoric, politicians have Missing the pulse Beyond the bickering, nastiness and stomach turning rhetoric, politicians have Stock SE Asia stocks mostly fall  Most Southeast Asian stock markets fell on Friday, in line with boarder Asia, after US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's China stocks edge lower Nikkei share rises to 10-1/2-month high US stocks rise; bank stocks gain Stocks extend winning spell for third day AB Bank emerges as turnover leader on DSE Persistent buy pressure pushes market to the green Hong Kong shares up slightly  Hong Kong stocks flat  National Envoy urges world to continue supporting Afghanistan Bangladesh’s UN representative has called upon the international community to continue its support to Afghanistan to achieve sustainable peace and development. Ambassador Masud Bin Momen, the permanent representative (PR) of Bangladesh to the United Nations (UN), made the call while addressing the ongoing 71st session of the UN General Assembly on the situation at Afghanistan in the UN headquarters in New Bangabandhu Satellite wins ITU award Man gets life-term for killing wife Jessore 'gunfight' kills ‘criminal’  Two ‘robbers’ killed in RAB shootout Work on 55-km road linking Padma Bridge begins Indo-Bangla meet on disputed Tripura enclave Thrust on journos’ unity Zila Parishad polls schedule Sunday Trade and Market BMW, Baidu joint project on self-driving cars breaks down German automaker BMW and Chinese internet giant Baidu will end their joint research on self-driving cars, executives for the two firms said on Friday, with Baidu now searching for new global research partners. Wang Jing, the head of autonomous car development at Baidu, told Reuters the company was now using cars from Ford's Lincoln in its US testing, declining to elaborate. "I'm Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Chinese yuan weakens to lowest level in eight years BGMEA settled 9,670 complaints thru ADR since 1998 Indian farmers fear lost crops and income after 'black money' move VW announces massive job cuts Gold drops to 5-1/2-month low  Tesla gets approval for $2.6b SolarCity takeover PL in record $700m Chinese TV rights deal World Tanker explosion claims 73 lives in Mozambique JOHANNESBURG, Nov 18 (AP): A fuel tanker exploded in northern Mozambique as residents gathered around to buy fuel from the driver on Thursday, killing 73 people and injuring 110 others, Mozambican media reported. Dozens of charred bodies were scattered around the blast site in the town of Caphiridzange in Tete province, and government officials believed more bodies might be in surrounding woods, Radio Mozambique reported. Some badly burned people had tried to run into a nearby river, the radio said. A truck ... Syria army intensify Aleppo air campaign Iraqi forces advance into Mosul under fire Pakistan navy "pushed" Indian submarine clear of its waters Sci-tech SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Private rocket firm SpaceX has applied for government permission to launch satellites that will provide global broadband internet access, reports Whitson becomes oldest woman in space  Hidden ocean found on Pluto Twitter suspends alt-right accounts Education BUP holds seminar on economic development The closing ceremony of a two-day international seminar on 'Strategic leadership for sustainable economic development' was held at the Bijoy Auditorium of Bangladesh University of Professionals (BUP) at Mirpur Cantonment in the city on Thursday, says an ISPR press release. BUP organised the programme. H T Imam, adviser of political affairs to the prime minister, was present as the chief guest while former governor of Bangladesh Bank Dr Mohammed Farashuddin was present as one of the keynote speakers in the seminar. Another ... Less taking primary school certificate test this year UGC declares certificates by 18 private universities illegal   AMAL, dedicated healthcare service for underprivileged children Sports Vikings back in winning streak beating Kings by 19 runs CHITTAGONG, Nov 18 (UNB): After four successive defeats in the 4th Bangladesh Premier League, Chittagong Vikings bounced back with a Shami shatters Cook’s stump in early blow Du Plessis charged by ICC PL in record $700m Chinese TV rights deal Health Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Japan's health ministry has set a 50 per cent cut in the price of Opdivo, a costly immune system-boosting cancer Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes World Diabetes Day being observed DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Entertainment Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat has been punched and sprayed with tear gas by three masked attackers in an upmarket part Bob Dylan skipping Nobel ceremony Nation celebrates Nabanna International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Politics Repatriate Bangabandhu killers, Nasim to Trump ... Quader terms Khaleda's EC proposals hollow Parties observe 40th death anniv of Bhasani AL local govt nomination board's meeting today Country Man gets life-term for killing wife A Chittagong court on Thursday convicted a man and sentenced him to life term imprisonment for killing his wife in Jessore 'gunfight' kills ‘criminal’  Two bikers die after crash with truck Two ‘robbers’ killed in RAB shootout PHOTO GALLERY Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina waves from the VVIP lounge of Dhaka’s Hazrat Shahjalal (RA) International Airport upon her arrival from Morocco on Thursday after attending two high level segments of COP-22 in Marrakech. – Focus Bangla photo Chief of Army Staff of the Nepali Army General Rajendra Chhetri called on President Abdul Hamid at Bangabhaban on Wednesday. - PID Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina delivers her speech at the UN Climate Change Conference (COP-22) at Bab Ighli in the Moroccan city of Marrakech. – Focus Bangla more news Banding together in anti-tobacco battle November 18, 2016, 9:22 pm The necessity of leisure and recreation November 18, 2016, 9:21 pm The task that lies ahead November 18, 2016, 9:20 pm Into the era of Trumpism November 18, 2016, 9:19 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 114 ISSUES DECLINED 80 Most popular 73 die in Mozambique tanker blast November 18, 2016, 10:47 am Banks struggling to hit turnover heights November 18, 2016, 12:34 am Oil prices drop November 18, 2016, 11:21 am Work on 55-km road linking Padma Bridge begins November 18, 2016, 12:31 am High land price dents garment village dream November 18, 2016, 12:36 am Thrust on journos unity November 18, 2016, 12:28 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG NORTHERN 199.10 219.00 208.80 219.00 10.00 DSSL 10.30 11.30 11.30 11.30 9.71 ABBANK 17.70 19.40 17.70 19.40 9.60 MITHUNKNIT 62.40 67.40 61.00 66.80 7.05 ANWARGALV 67.90 73.00 68.50 72.50 6.78 FORTUNE 43.30 46.90 43.80 46.20 6.70 FUWANGCER 13.40 14.30 13.50 14.20 5.97 CMCKAMAL 13.90 14.70 14.00 14.60 5.04 IFIC 18.20 19.20 18.10 19.10 4.95 RAKCERAMIC 59.00 62.20 59.60 61.80 4.75 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 17.70 19.40 17.70 19.40 9.60 MITHUNKNIT 63.20 67.40 61.00 67.40 6.65 ANWARGALV 68.50 73.00 68.50 73.00 6.57 FORTUNE 43.80 46.90 43.80 46.40 5.94 PARAMOUNT 18.80 20.20 18.80 19.80 5.32 FUWANGCER 13.50 14.30 13.50 14.20 5.19 CMCKAMAL 14.00 14.70 14.00 14.70 5.00 PRIMEINSUR 16.30 17.20 16.30 17.10 4.91 NORTHERN 208.80 219.00 208.80 219.00 4.89 IFIC 18.40 19.20 18.10 19.20 4.35 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SAIFPOWER 60.60 49.70 47.90 48.50 -19.97 MIDASFIN 25.00 25.00 22.80 23.10 -7.60 BNICL 19.50 19.60 18.50 18.70 -4.10 CONFIDCEM 114.60 115.60 109.00 109.90 -4.10 EBL1STMF 5.20 5.20 5.00 5.00 -3.85 RDFOOD 16.10 16.10 15.30 15.50 -3.73 ETL 18.80 19.10 17.80 18.10 -3.72 AZIZPIPES 67.20 68.00 61.80 64.80 -3.57 BBS 48.00 48.80 46.00 46.40 -3.33 CITYGENINS 15.10 15.30 14.50 14.60 -3.31 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation AZIZPIPES 68.00 68.00 61.80 61.80 -9.12 MIDASFIN 25.00 25.00 22.80 22.80 -8.80 KAY&QUE 28.50 29.00 26.00 26.00 -8.77 CONFIDCEM 115.60 115.60 109.00 109.00 -5.71 BNICL 19.60 19.60 18.50 18.70 -4.59 BBS 48.30 48.80 46.00 46.10 -4.56 NTLTUBES 132.30 135.00 126.00 126.40 -4.46 ETL 19.00 19.10 17.80 18.20 -4.21 CITYGENINS 15.20 15.30 14.50 14.60 -3.95 MODERNDYE 190.00 190.00 182.60 182.60 -3.90 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
null

  Chron.com Houston Chronicle Upstream Exploration Production Shale Discoveries Crude oil Natural gas Midstream & Downstream Pipelines Transportation Gasoline Refineries Industry News Finance/Earnings M&A People Power Solar Wind Nuclear Renewable Energy Natural gas Events Top workplaces Chronicle 100 Energy Services Offshore Politics & Policy Texas Jobs Menu Upstream Exploration Production Shale Discoveries Crude oil Natural gas Midstream & Downstream Pipelines Transportation Gasoline Refineries Industry News Finance/Earnings M&A People Power Solar Wind Nuclear Renewable Energy Natural gas Events Top workplaces Chronicle 100 Energy Services Offshore Politics & Policy Texas Jobs Amazon invests in massive Texas wind farm Posted by Jordan Blum Date: September 15, 2016 Amazon is investing in West Texas wind for its largest renewable energy project ever. Seattle-based Amazon is teaming up with Chicago’s Lincoln Clean Energy to build the 253-megawatt Amazon Wind Farm Texas west of Abilene in Scurry County. One megawatt typically powers 200 homes on a hot Texas day. The wind farm, which is slated to open by the end of 2017, will feature more than 100 wind turbines designed to help power Amazon’s Texas’ facilities and much more. The electricity will feed into the overall state grid. “Amazon Wind Farm Texas is our largest renewable energy project to date and the newest milestone in our long-term sustainability efforts across the company,” said Kara Hurst, Amazon director of sustainability, in the announcement. Amazon is continuing to expand in Texas. The online shopping juggernaut opened a new, “Silicon Hills” corporate hub last year in Austin and, in 2014, leased out a large chunk of office space at the Dallas Galleria complex. Amazon has Dallas-area warehouses, called fulfillment centers, in Coppell and Haslet. There’s also a large Amazon warehouse and customer service center outside of San Antonio in Schertz. Earlier this summer, Amazon pledged to open a new 855,000-square-foot distribution warehouse in north Houston at the Pinto Business Park near Interstate 45 and Beltway 8 that’s under development. The Amazon fulfillment center is expected to employ 1,000 people. That’s in addition to Amazon’s Prime Now warehouse hub in Humble. Amazon also just opened more than 20 “Pop Up” electronics stores nationwide, including two in Texas in San Antonio and Arlington. As for the wind farm, the project costs were not released, but Lincoln CEO Declan Flanagan has described the cost of a 200-megawatt Texas wind farms at about $300 million. Amazon already has announced smaller wind and solar farms in Indiana, North Carolina, Ohio and Virginia. However, Texas leads the nation by far in wind power. Google, Microsoft, Wal-Mart, General Motors, Procter & Gamble, Dow Chemical Co. and Hewlett-Packard all count among the companies buying power from Texas wind farms. Ikea even owns a wind farm in the state. Lincoln Clean Energy will build and own the Amazon wind farm, but Amazon is contracting to buy 90 percent of the generated power. Lincoln, which also has offices in Austin, is developing other Texas wind projects as well. Its planned Horse Creek Wind project north of Abilene and the Electra Wind development near Wichita Falls — both 200-megawatt wind farms — are still in the works. However, Lincoln’s 201-megawatt Nazareth Solar project in the Texas Panhandle has faced ongoing delays. Lincoln previously developed and sold the Hereford and Jumbo Road wind farms in Texas that opened in 2014 and 2015, respectively. SHOW MORE View Comments Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $9 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 1 hr 55 min ago SHOP NOW Candy Variety Packs: Deals from $4 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 1 day 5 hr ago SHOP NOW JVC 55" 4K 2160p LED LCD UHD TV for $350 + free shipping WalmartPosted 4 hr 58 min ago SHOP NOW Walmart Early Bird Holiday Specials Sale WalmartPosted 1 day 3 hr ago Houston’s Top Docs Newsletter Get FuelFix straight to your email. Subscribe Oil & Gas Jobs Oil field hiring could pick up next year, survey shows November 17, 2016 Anadarko cutting 58 jobs in East Texas November 07, 2016 U.S. oil and gas rig count up again; Permian booms October 21, 2016 Two more rigs in U.S. oilfields; third increase in a row October 07, 2016 IHI E&C terminates dozens of Houston employees this week October 06, 2016 The Gift of History! About Us Contact Us Newsletters Privacy Policy Your California Rights Brought to you by the Houston Chronicle. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

null
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Benchmark indices clock small gains Capital Market |  Sep 15, 2016 03:27 PM IST Key benchmark indices registered small gains as index heavyweights Reliance Industries, HDFC and ITC moved higher. The barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, rose 69.07 points or 0.24% at 28,441.30, as per the provisional closing data. The Nifty 50 index rose 22.75 points or 0.26% to 8,749.35, as per the provisional closing data. The Sensex and the Nifty alternately moved between positive and negative zone in intraday trade. The Sensex rose 71.71 points, or 0.25% at the day's high of 28,443.94 in late trade, its highest level since 12 September 2016. The index fell 61.12 points, or 0.22% at the day's low of 28,311.11 in mid-morning trade. The Nifty rose 22.60 points, or 0.26% at the day's high of 8,749.20 in late trade, its highest level since 9 September 2016. The index fell 22.25 points, or 0.25% at the day's low of 8,704.35 in mid-morning trade. In overseas stock markets, European stocks were mixed ahead of monetary policy decision from the Bank of England. No interest rate changes are expected from UK's central bank. Policy makers have to assess whether the outlook for Britain after its vote to leave the European Union warrants a change in strategy. Most Asian stocks fell as investors grappled with the seemingly diminishing ability of major central banks to stimulate growth, while a tumble in crude oil inflamed already heightened risk aversion. In US, the Dow industrials and the S&P 500 closed in negative territory yesterday, 14 September 2016, in the wake of slumping crude-oil prices, erasing earlier gains for the major benchmarks, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq bucked the losing trend. Back home, the market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,471 shares rose and 1,258 shares fell. A total of 197 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index provisionally fell 0.25%. The BSE Small-Cap index provisionally rose 0.22%. Both these indices underperformed the Sensex. The total turnover on BSE amounted to Rs 3789 crore, higher than turnover of Rs 3616.03 crore registered during the previous trading session. Pharmaceutical shares were mixed. Piramal Enterprises (up 2.32%), Divi's Laboratories (up 1.74%), Strides Shasun (up 1.60%), Cipla (up 1.10%), Wockhardt (up 0.85%), Lupin (up 0.72%), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 0.66%) and GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (up 0.53%), edged higher. Alkem Laboratories (down 0.06%), Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.38%), IPCA Laboratories (down 0.42%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (down 0.56%), Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (down 0.62%) and Cadila Healthcare (down 1.41%), edged lower. Most FMCG shares edged lower. Bajaj Corp (down 1.09%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 1.09%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.83%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 0.73%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.64%), Tata Global Beverages (down 0.33%), Nestle India (down 0.31%) and Britannia Industries (down 0.25%), edged lower. Dabur India (up 0.21%), Marico (up 0.60%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.68%) and Godrej Consumer Products (up 1%), edged higher. Index heavyweight and cigarette major ITC rose 1.23% to Rs 255.10 after the company's chief operating officer (COO) Sanjiv Puri was quoted as saying that the firm's consumer goods business presents the maximum potential for value creation. The company reportedly aims to strengthen its footprints in the FMCG sector by bringing in innovative, differentiated and first time products to the market, Puri added. ITC expects to ramp up revenue from branded packaged foods and personal care products to Rs 1 lakh crore by 2030. Powered by Capital Market - Live News Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 ATMs in small cities, villages will take weeks to be ready More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Current Affairs Balkrishna Industries fixes record date for 2nd interim dividend Ramco Systems incorporates subsidiary - Ramco Systems (Shanghai) IDFC Bank allots equity shares Board of TTI Enterprise approves consolidation of shares TTI Enterprise fixes record date for consolidation of shares [ more ] Top Stories Banks to serve only their respective customers tomorrow; elderly exempted Vikram Johri: Lessons from a scandal Shekhar Gupta: The WhatsApp governance ATMs in small cities, villages will take weeks to be ready Bajaj commences production of 400-cc bike from Chakan plant [ more ] Markets MCX to levy concentration margin from December Gold quotes at huge discount, price hits 4-month low Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower Vakrangee, Oil India, Engineers India, Infibeam Incorporation hit 52-week high [ more ] Companies Vikram Johri: Lessons from a scandal Bajaj commences production of 400-cc bike from Chakan plant Natco plans to double drug filings next year Infosys invests Rs 14.5 crore in Danish artificial intelligence start-up No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index [ more ] Opinion Shekhar Gupta: The WhatsApp governance Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate [ more ] Latest News Banks to serve only their respective customers tomorrow; elderly exempted Vikram Johri: Lessons from a scandal I constantly stand outside the ATM without lunch or dinner: ATM Guard Shekhar Gupta: The WhatsApp governance Jayalalithaa recovered from her ailment, says Apollo Hospitals chairman [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2THed4K Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»PROCTER & GAMBLE AKTIE»Research and Markets - APAC Skin Lighteners Market CAGR Growth of 10.27% by 2020 - Trends, Technologies & Opportunities Report 2016-2020 - Key Vendors: P&G, Amway, Kao PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY 77,83  Euro -0,339 -0,43 % WKN: 852062  ISIN: US7427181091 Ticker-Symbol: PRG  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 17:12 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheKonsumgüter AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 77,71 77,77 17:37 77,70 77,76 17:37 15.09.2016 | 14:11 (17 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Research and Markets - APAC Skin Lighteners Market CAGR Growth of 10.27% by 2020 - Trends, Technologies & Opportunities Report 2016-2020 - Key Vendors: P&G, Amway, Kao DUBLIN, September 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Skin Lighteners Market in APAC 2016-2020" report to their offering. The skin lighteners market in APAC is forecast to grow at a CAGR of 10.27% during the period 2016-2020. Women are seeking radiant, luminous skin with no dark spots, sun damage, or acne scars. In order to achieve flawless skin, consumers are investing in skin brightening products. Skin brightening products help in brightening and lightening the complexion, as well as simultaneously smoothing and firming the skin. For instance, Bare Minerals' Millicent Mineral Brightening Treatment and Shiseido's White Lucent Brightening Massage Cream are some of the skin brightening products available in the market. The report, skin lighteners market in APAC 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Questions Answered: What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Companies Mentioned: Beiersdorf Estée Lauder L'Oréal P&G Shiseido Unilever AmorePacific Amway Aveda Kao Lotus Herbals Mary Kay Missha Nature Republic Oriflame Rachel K Cosmetics Revlon Skin Food Skinvisible Report Structure: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Market research methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Economic indicators PART 06: Market landscape PART 07: Market segmentation by distribution channel PART 08: Market segmentation by product types PART 09: Key leading countries PART 10: Market drivers PART 11: Impact of drivers PART 12: Market challenges PART 13: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 14: Market trends PART 15: Vendor landscape PART 16: Appendix PART 17: About the Author For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/jrqmcz/skin_lighteners Related Topics: Skin Care Products Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Do 3 Brands Procter & Gamble Co. Needs to Succeed in 2017 ► Artikel lesen Mi US Aktien im Fokus: STARBUCKS, PROCTER & GAMBLE ► Artikel lesen Mi Procter & Gamble Co.'s Plan to Save $10 Billion ► Artikel lesen Mi Pampers und UNICEF durch Alltagstaten im Kampf gegen Tetanus bei Müttern und Neugeborenen unterstützen und weltweit helfen Jasmin Gerat vertont mit Kindern Animationsfilm rund um das Thema "Windelhelden" Im elften Jahr der Initiative "1 Packung 1 lebensrettende Impfdosis*" von Pampers für UNICEF geht... ► Artikel lesen Mi wikifolio whispers a.m. zu TLG Immobilien, WireCard, Fraport, Procter & Gamble, BB Biotech, Deutsche Wohnen, Barrick Gold, MorphoSys und Deutsche Telekom Aktuelle Kommentare aus dem wikifolio-Universum. Mit Links zu den jeweiligen Depots, damit man sieht, wie erfolgreich die Kommentatoren mit ihren Einschätzungen sind und wie sich die genannten Inputs... ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage


Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / Stock News / 20 Most Active Share Volume on NYSE at the Close 20 Most Active Share Volume on NYSE at the Close posted by Christian Wang on September 15, 2016 at 8:44 am 20 Most Active Share Volume on NYSE at the Close Bank of America Corporation is currently trading at $15.63 0.09, down ▼ 0.57 percent on 73,900,841 total share volume. Ford Motor Company is currently trading at $12.14 0.24, down ▼ 1.94 percent on 59,288,436 total share volume. General Electric Company is currently trading at $29.70 0.15, down ▼ 0.50 percent on 47,539,912 total share volume. Freeport-McMoran, Inc. is currently trading at $9.80 0.35, down ▼ 3.45 percent on 47,087,100 total share volume. Chesapeake Energy Corporation is currently trading at $7.17 0.21, down ▼ 2.85 percent on 45,019,226 total share volume. Wells Fargo & Company is currently trading at $46.52 0.44, down ▼ 0.94 percent on 43,839,177 total share volume. ArcelorMittal is currently trading at $5.51 0.03, down ▼ 0.54 percent on 35,624,587 total share volume. Whiting Petroleum Corporation is currently trading at $6.88 0.38, down ▼ 5.23 percent on 34,834,485 total share volume. Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras is currently trading at $8.95 0.03, up ▲ 0.34 percent on 28,984,896 total share volume. Ambev S.A. is currently trading at $5.88 0.06, up ▲ 1.03 percent on 27,110,390 total share volume. Weatherford International plc is currently trading at $5.92 0.34, down ▼ 5.43 percent on 26,927,578 total share volume. AT&T Inc. is currently trading at $39.89 0.08, down ▼ 0.20 percent on 24,205,697 total share volume. Rite Aid Corporation is currently trading at $8.08 0.05, down ▼ 0.62 percent on 22,001,077 total share volume. Nokia Corporation is currently trading at $5.50 0.10, down ▼ 1.79 percent on 21,911,542 total share volume. Oasis Petroleum Inc. is currently trading at $9.14 0.56, down ▼ 5.77 percent on 21,402,239 total share volume. Procter & Gamble Company (The) is currently trading at $87.01 0.04, down ▼ 0.05 percent on 21,192,174 total share volume. Regions Financial Corporation is currently trading at $9.52 0.09, down ▼ 0.94 percent on 21,091,276 total share volume. Citigroup Inc. is currently trading at $46.75 0.17, down ▼ 0.36 percent on 19,347,294 total share volume. Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. is currently trading at $27.38 0.15, down ▼ 0.54 percent on 19,222,572 total share volume. Alibaba Group Holding Limited is currently trading at $102.40 2.12, up ▲ 2.11 percent on 19,189,374 total share volume. About Christian Wang CHRISTIAN has worked with the New York Stock Exchange and the International Bank of Shanghai as a financial analyst and Certified Public Accountant before he opened up his own money lending firm in the summer last year. A graduate of Computer Engineering at the Arizona State University, Christian is a young and ambitious individual who possesses a keen eye for detail. Before his stint at the NYSE, he sidelined as editor and writer at various online firms. In his spare time, he speaks at seminars and different consultancy firms, sharing his own knowledge on computer engineering and insights on money matters and business management. He is still single and yet very determined to expand his money lending business in China. View all posts by Christian Wang → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 Metatrader Brokers Spot Trade Source of Wealthy Information Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2016 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. ×
null
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Indian Society of Advertisers elects Sunil Kataria as chairman By afaqs! news bureau , afaqs!, New Delhi | In Advertising | September 15, 2016 18SHARES Kataria is an active member of the Executive Council of the Indian Society of Advertisers (ISA). Sunil Kataria, business head - India and SAARC, Godrej Consumer Products Limited (GCPL), has been elected chairman of the Indian Society of Advertisers (ISA). The decision was taken at the meeting of the newly elected Executive Council of the Indian Society of Advertisers held yesterday. Kataria joined GCPL in 2011 to oversee the sales and marketing of the organisation's India and SAARC businesses. Prior to joining the Godrej Group, he was chief operating officer at Idea Rajasthan Circle. Kataria has diverse work experience across the FMCG and consumer services sectors in sales, marketing, and business roles. He's also had a 12-year-long stint at Marico Industries, following which he served as business head in retail and telecom sectors, leading large and complex business operations. On his election as the chairman of ISA, he says, "Our focus would be to further strengthen the industry partnerships that we have built over decades and deliver the desired benefit to advertisers and other stake holders. I am confident that advertisers have promising times ahead. I look forward to work with industry partners and fraternity associations as a team and make this a credible, meaningful, and business impacting ecosystem." Kataria, as an active member of the Executive Council of ISA, has been lending support to the ISA, while his colleagues from marketing and media have been active in different committees of the organisation. Other members of the Executive Council include Atul Agrawal, senior vice-president - corporate affairs, group corporate communications, Tata Services, Anuradha Aggarwal, chief marketing officer, Marico, Abraham Mathew Alapatt, president and group head - marketing, service quality, financial services and innovation, Thomas Cook (India), Narendra Ambwani, director, Agro Tech Foods, Ajoy H Chawla, Sr vice-president, chief strategy officer, Titan Company, Paulomi Dhawan, advisor, Raymond, Sonali Dhawan, brand director, Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care, Chandru Kalro, managing director, TTK Prestige, Sandeep Kataria, director - commercial, Vodafone India, Sandeep Kaul, divisional chief executive - India Tobacco Division, ITC, Sandeep Kohli, executive director - personal care, Hindustan Unilever, Beena Koshy, executive vice-president, advertising, digital and branding, Bajaj Electrical, Bharat V Patel, independent director, Birla Sun Life Asset Management Company, Prashant Richard Peres, director -marketing, chocolate, India, Mondelez India Foods, Ramakrishnan Ramamurthi, vice-chairman, joint MD and Group CEO, Polycab Wires, Samardeep Sunil Subandh, chief marketing officer, Flipkart Internet, Amit Tiwari, director, Philips India, and Brahm Vasudeva, chairman, Hawkins Cookers. ISA, which claims to be the only national body giving a voice to advertisers over the last 60 years, has advertiser members from across industries who contribute over two-thirds of the annual national non-governmental ad spends. ISA is also a founder member of the World Federation of Advertisers (WFA) and one of the founders of the ASCI. It also played a significant role in the formation of BARC, and partners with it to help advertisers get robust and credible data. 18SHARES Follow afaqs! Search Tags Godrej Consumer Products Limited Indian Society of Advertisers Sunil Kataria Advertising Related Articles Saugata Gupta takes charge of ISA as chairman Advertising IBF, AAAI and ISA call a truce Media AAAI, ISA extend support to TAM Media IBF, ISA, AAAI formally launch BARC Media AAAI and ISA jointly make a 'recommendation' for agencies and their clients Advertising Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year Microsoft Surface discovers the non-starry side of... Media Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising Post backlash, Paytm tones down 'drama'; Does the ... Advertising Mogae Media buys Ao1 personalised video platform Media Publishing Measuring Digital in India: What Do We Need? Digital Water Communications to launch the second leg of G... Advertising Chyawanprash in a Capsule? Marketing The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Octob... Digital "We have a 360 degree presence now": Shilpi Modi, ... Advertising Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising "We've already taken the biggest risk there was": ... Media Publishing Why are Tapsee Pannu, Priya Bapat, Neeti Mohan, Su... Digital Can an overweight comedian sell a beauty cream? Advertising What happens to brand recall when the same celebri... Advertising The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Octob... Digital Sulekha.com rides the rap route in its first long ... Digital Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising Arnab Goswami moves on from Times Now Media Publishing Netflix India and Anurag Kashyap mock the 'Great I... Digital How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bike Advertising Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr... Advertising Meet the New Airtel Girl: Sasha Chettri Advertising Who's Afraid Of Baba Ramdev's Patanjali? Marketing "We don't have a fruit for a logo," shouts Microma... Advertising Sony LIV launches Hollywood library Digital Meet Team Vermillion: The agency behind Baba Ramde... Advertising 5 / 10❬❭ Current Issue Issue November 1-15 2016 Current Issue Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2016 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
null
null
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Foundation Cream Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Foundation Cream Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 14, 2016 ) A foundation cream is an integral part of any makeup regimen. The increase in the awareness of makeup and its role in enhancing outward appearance has positioned it as a daily necessity. Cosmetic products have become a necessity as a tool to raise self-esteem and gain social acceptance. Although the concept of beauty differs from society to society, the increasing influence of social, print, and digital media has created an objective sense of beauty. This societal pressure to look beautiful has prompted more and more women around the world to use makeup. Since foundation is the base of any makeup regimen, its sales will grow in the forecasted period. Innovations in foundation creams such as lighter-textured foundation creams and CC creams for different skin tones are also increasing the demand for foundation creams. Publisher's analysts forecast the global foundation cream market to grow at a CAGR of 4.9% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-foundation-cream-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global foundation cream market for 2016-2020. For calculating the market size, the sales of different types of foundation creams such as liquid foundation, tinted moisturizer, cream foundation, mousse foundation, stick foundation, and mineral and powder foundation are considered at suggested retail price. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - Europe - ROW Publisher's report, Global Foundation Cream Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Avon - L'OrÃ©al - EstÃ©e Lauder - P&G Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303260/sample Other prominent vendors - AmorePacific - Chanel - Kao - Lotus Herbals - Neutrogena - Oriflame - Revlon - Shiseido - Sephora Market driver - Shift from planned to impulse purchasing - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Increasing government regulations on animal testing - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Growing availability of different foundation creams for different skin types - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303260/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 46 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Will VA doctor be finally forced out? An independent board is coming to the Cincinnati VA to conduct an investigation regarding claims of wrongdoings reported by Dr. Barbara Temeck Post to Facebook Will VA doctor be finally forced out? An independent board is coming to the Cincinnati VA to conduct an investigation regarding claims of wrongdoings reported by Dr. Barbara Temeck  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2cnbE36 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Will VA doctor be finally forced out? Anne Saker , asaker@enquirer.com 3:08 p.m. EDT September 14, 2016 Buy Photo Dr. Barbara Temeck, who until February had been the "acting" chief of staff at the Cincinnati VA Medical Center. (Photo: The Enquirer/Kareem Elgazzar)Buy Photo A whistleblower who has charged that UC Health and the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine have exerted too much influence over the Cincinnati VA and its patients faces a new push to end her 35-year VA career, even as the Department of Veterans Affairs is making a special investigation into Dr. Barbara Temeck’s allegations. Temeck’s lawyer, Ken Hawley of Cincinnati, says a review board of the Cincinnati VA that votes on doctors’ clinical privileges to practice at the Corryville facility could consider Temeck’s standing as early as Thursday. Hawley says he believes the board will vote to take away his client’s hospital privileges, then the VA will begin the process to fire her, “which we will fight every step of the way." Temeck is a thoracic surgeon who has spent her professional life treating veterans and managing VA hospitals from Chicago to Spokane, Washington. Her tenure as acting chief of staff at the Cincinnati VA rests at the heart of management turmoil that this year has afflicted the facility, which cares for 43,000 veterans in Greater Cincinnati. In late August, the VA announced that an independent board would be coming to the Cincinnati VA “to conduct an investigation regarding claims of wrongdoings reported by Dr. Temeck,” hospital spokesman Todd Sledge said in an email. The review “is focused on honoring Dr. Temeck’s allegations as a whistleblower.” No staff members of the Cincinnati VA Medical Center will be associated with the independent investigation, Sledge said. No starting date has been set for the review, which will be led by Dr. Eugene Goldman, acting chief of staff/education for the VA hospital in Coatesville, Pennsylvania. About five hours before this story was posted Wednesday on Cincinnati.com, acting hospital director Glenn Costie emailed the staff of the hospital at 5:37 a.m. that "the local paper is asking questions again." Costie also attached a one-page response that spokesman Sledge composed on Tuesday to answer questions that The Enquirer raised this week about the handling of Temeck's case. Temeck arrived at the Cincinnati VA in July 2013 and soon triggered unhappiness within the hospital’s ranks of managers, doctors and caregivers. Temeck said that she objected to the practice of VA doctors not serving their full shifts so they could instead pick up extra work at the UC Medical Center, the teaching hospital at UC, which the nonprofit UC Health operates. Temeck also was concerned that some VA doctors were sending veterans to UC Medical Center, to the benefit of UC Health, when patients’ medical needs should be addressed first at the Cincinnati VA. CINCINNATI.COM Who runs the VA here? UC, one official charges When she tried to rein in the practices, Temeck and others say she became the focus of concerted internal opposition. Jack Hetrick, the VA’s former regional director in Cincinnati, told The Enquirer that at least two occasions, delegations of doctors summoned him to meetings to complain about Temeck. “They raised some concerns about style and approach, not competency,” Hetrick said. “And it was all based on feedback. They did not have specifics that they had to offer me. It was more hearsay than anything else.” CINCINNATI.COM Cincinnati VA warned about AWOL docs In September 2015, more than 30 doctors and nurses at the Cincinnati VA wrote anonymously to VA Secretary Robert McDonald of Indian Hill, the former chairman of Procter & Gamble about “poor leadership and poor management” in Cincinnati. Temeck remained at her post. But documents obtained by The Enquirer indicate that the anti-Temeck forces marshaled enough muscle to stymie three attempts to name her permanent chief of staff at the Cincinnati The situation came to a boil in February when published reports about the longstanding complaints against Temeck surfaced with a new revelation: that over about seven years, Temeck had written three prescriptions for Hetrick’s wife, Kathleen. Jack Hetrick told The Enquirer that neither he nor his wife authorized the public release of her health information. Within days of the stories, Jack Hetrick retired, and Dr. David Shulkin, the VA’s undersecretary of health, removed Temeck as the Cincinnati VA’s acting chief of staff and reassigned her to a data-entry job in the hospital basement. The VA’s inspector general's office made a review and later reported that while it had found nothing wrong with Temeck’s management of the hospital or the hospital's care of veterans, it did “substantiate misconduct” in her prescribing medication for Kathleen Hetrick. CINCINNATI.COM Turmoil bubbling at Cincinnati VA Med Center It is due to those prescriptions that the Cincinnati VA is considering the permanent revocation of Temeck’s clinical privileges this week. The hospital’s clinical executive board is scheduled to meet Thursday, and Hawley believes Temeck’s status will be considered. Hawley called the pursuit of Temeck over the prescriptions “petty” and a part of the overall effort “to crush her.” “Kathleen Hetrick was Dr. Temeck’s patient,” he said, “and Dr. Temeck treated her as a patient.” Hawley said Kathleen Hetrick was a former VA nurse who suffered an injury on the job that left her with pain, and was receiving private care from doctors also employed at VA. The Hetricks and Temeck had known each other for years, and Temeck took care of Kathleen Hetrick. The Hetricks moved to Cincinnati in 2006 when Jack Hetrick became the VA regional director. When Temeck arrived in Cincinnati seven years later, she wrote one more prescription for Kathleen Hetrick, then referred her to another private physician who also works at the VA. Dr. Richard Freiberg, a prominent Cincinnati orthopedic surgeon who works at the VA, was one of the signatories of the September 2015 letter to McDonald. Freiburg appeared in WCPO.com stories about Temeck in February but when reached last week by The Enquirer, Freiberg declined to speak about the situation, pleading his age – 85. "I don’t think it would do much good now because we got what we wanted,” Freiberg said. And that was? “The removal of Barbara Temeck and Jack Hetrick.” 46 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2cnbE36 TOP VIDEOS Joe Deters: \u0022I didn't believe the tears for a second\u0022 2:47 Are deals better on Black Friday or Cyber Monday? 1:00 Bengals vs. Bills Week 11 Predictions 6:02 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 Student at UC Tensing forum: 'It's time for war' 0:45 Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03 Use-of-force expert: 'The actions of Ray Tensing were justified' 0:50
HOME HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email BUSINESS Financial Markets Economics Industry People Books HITC Business on FacebookHITC Business on TwitterHITC Business on Google +Email POLITICS HITC Politics on FacebookHITC Politics on Twitter SPORT Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More HITC Sport on FacebookHITC Sport on TwitterHITC Sport on Google +Email LIFESTYLE Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals HITC Lifestyle on FacebookHITC Lifestyle on Twitter TECH HITC Tech on FacebookHITC Tech on Twitter EXTRA Also in the News LOL Wow HITC Extra on FacebookHITC Extra on Twitter VIDEO HITC Video on FacebookHITC Video on Twitter CAREERS ABOUT HITC Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Sections Business Business Politics Sport Football Lifestyle Tech Extra Video Careers All Business Business and finance news, views and company reports Lifestyle Find your work life balance Sport Up-to-date sports news & views from around the globe Tech Tech & gaming news for today's connected world Politics News whatever your persuasion Extra General interest and fun from the internet at large Video All the video from HITC Careers The HITC job board HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email About Us Our Team Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Search HITC on Twitter HITC on Facebook Business Financial Markets Economics Industry People Careers Sport All Search HITC Business on Twitter HITC Business on Facebook Politics All Search HITC Politics on Twitter HITC Politics on Facebook Sport Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More All Search HITC Sport on Twitter HITC Sport on Facebook Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals All Search HITC Lifestyle on Twitter HITC Lifestyle on Facebook Tech All Search HITC Tech on Twitter HITC Tech on Facebook Extra Also in the News LOL Wow All Search HITC Extra on Twitter HITC Extra on Facebook Video All Search HITC Video on Twitter HITC Video on Facebook Careers All Search HITC Careers on Twitter HITC Careers on Facebook Industry & Commerce Sir James Dyson upbeat about Brexit as company invests in expansion The Guardian @guardian2 months ago The Guardian @guardian2 months ago                                                                               Sir James Dyson, the billionaire inventor, has said there is no reason for businesses in Britain to be uncertain as a result of the EU referendum and that they would be mad to withhold investment on the back of the vote. Speaking as his company, Dyson, unveiled a £250m expansion of its research and development centre in the Cotswolds, the engineer said Britain could now reach trade agreements with countries outside Europe “much more easily and flexibly” and reconsider its approach to immigration from around the world so it can attract more engineers and scientists from India, China and the far east. Dyson was one of the most prominent business leaders to publicly support Brexit before the referendum in June. His company has developed from a firm specialising in bagless vacuum cleaners into a fast-growing multinational technology company selling bladeless fans, air purifiers, hand-dryers, hairdryers and robotic vacuum cleaners. In the past four years the company’s sales have doubled. Dyson reported revenues of £1.7bn in 2015, up 26% year on year, with profits of £448m. It is investing £5m a week in research and development. Dyson said he could not understand why businesses would stop investing because of the prospect of import duties being introduced on trade between the UK and Europe. Asked whether the economic uncertainty in the UK could hold Dyson back from investing, he said: “I don’t want to be arrogant about this, but I don’t understand why people are uncertain. I think it is something put around. If you are a business, do you actually say, ‘I am not going to make a decision to invest in that factory or I am not going to make a decision to set up in Europe because of this potential 3% [tax].’ As a business, are you actually stopping and not investing because of that? If you were, you would be mad because currency can move 10% in a couple of days. A 3% import duty is not something to worry about. “It is highly unlikely it will come in anyway. The imbalance of trade is £100bn a year. Are you seriously saying that Germany wants to be putting an import duty on British goods going into Germany when we can punish them much greater on their goods? “The trend is towards free trade. The failure of Europe to negotiate a free trade agreement with America, the TTIP, is really worrying. That is uncertainty. If you are waiting for Europe to negotiate free trade agreements China, North America and so on, that is a far greater uncertainty then whether or not you pay 3% to go into Europe.” Dyson’s latest investment involves the opening of a new research building at its campus in Malmesbury, Wiltshire. The building, nicknamed D9, will house up to 450 engineers working on top-secret projects. These projects involve work on robotics and battery technology, two key new areas for the company. There are now 2,500 people working at the site out of 7,000 Dyson employees globally. Europe accounts for around 16% of Dyson sales and is still an “attractive” market for the company, its founder and chairman said. However, the business is growing faster in China, South Korea and Japan and Dyson said that Europe was not a single market for his company anyway. “It is not a single market as far as we are concerned,” he said. “There are different plugs, different languages, different boxes, different instructions, different laws, different national characteristics, different psychology, different marketing and different companies.” Dyson insisted that leaving the EU is positive for the UK despite warnings of a slow down in the economy. “It is a positive because we can now negotiate trade agreements with countries much more easily and flexibly on our own then we ever could with 29 countries in Europe,” he said. “We don’t have those problems, we are on our own, we can negotiated a very rapid trade agreement with other countries.” The 69-year-old also said it was opportunity for Britain to address a shortage of engineers in the country by making its immigration system global. Dyson said: “It has been very much a Europe-focused immigration system, not a global immigration system. A lot of people who want to be engineers come from India, China, and the far east. In Pune [India] there are 40,000 engineers that come out of Pune University every year, which is twice as many as the British [engineers] that come out of the whole of British universities.” “We just don’t have the scale. China produces something like 2 million engineers a year, we produce 20,000. We are just not going to compete globally unless we seriously ramp up the number of people.” The entrepreneur played down criticism from Liam Fox, the international trade secretary, that business executives would rather be playing golf on a Friday afternoon than negotiating export deals. “I don’t think many businesses survive nowadays if you spend your time playing golf,” he said. “What I have been saying is that to compete globally and to export now it is a technology race. If companies aren’t developing technology and this country doesn’t produce enough engineers to take advantage of all the wonderful universities and commercialise their technology we will lag behind economically and be outstripped by our competitors all over the world.” An experimental approach Dyson has become the UK’s nearest equivalent to Apple. It develops cutting-edge technology, is renowned for sleek design and has even opened its own shop on Oxford Street in London. The new £250m extension at its 56-acre campus in Malmesbury, Wiltshire, which is unveiled today, could even help Dyson take on Apple directly. Government documents revealed earlier this year Dyson is working on a battery-powered electric vehicle, although the company refuses to confirm the project. Apple is also rumoured to be working on an electric car. Founded in 1993, Dyson is a young company in more ways than one. The average age of its staff is just 26, a deliberate attempt by founder and chairman Sir James Dyson to try to keep the company on its toes. Dyson’s headquarters is designed to feel like a university campus and even has a sports centre nicknamed “the hangar”. “This is going to sound wrong , but we don’t like experience,” he explains in a rare interview at Dyson’s headquarters. “Experience can be inhibiting. I would rather have a naive, flexible, experimental, pioneering approach, because we want to do everything differently. It is a lot easier if people don’t come along – and this is going to sound slightly nasty – with baggage, and experience with how things are done. We want to find a new and better way of doing things. Graduates are very good at doing that.” Max Conze, the chief executive of Dyson, who joined in 2010 from Procter & Gamble, said the company’s growth is built on a “bet on young people, young graduates” and a “belief in technology and innovation as the engine for growth”. He added: “You have to be willing to listen to people who have just come in and the people who have done this for many years.” Dyson’s headquarters are shrouded in mystique and secrecy. From the road, the only evidence of the cutting-edge work that is taking place is a lonely blue airsock bearing its logo. The campus is hidden behind lines of trees. The new D9 research building is a futuristic two-storey structure with reflective glass that offers no sign of what the engineers inside are up to. The company has 129 laboratories for its research and development team, who are working on more than 200 projects. Dyson appears to be on the cusp of major expansion. Its revenues have doubled in the past four years and it wants to double its team of 3,000 engineers by 2021, with £1bn committed to developing new battery technology. The company’s new robotic vacuum cleaner – the Dyson 360 Eye – is a new avenue. After initially specialising in the movement of air, Dyson has broadened its technology into robotics, electric motors and 360-degree cameras. These technologies would clearly be helpful for an electric vehicle. “I don’t think we could deny that,” Dyson says. “But we don’t talk about what we are doing.” The inventor still owns 100% of the company and is estimated to be worth £5bn – more than Sir Richard Branson. Dyson says he has no plans to sell a stake in the business and that its private ownership has been key to its success. “Our CEO can think long term, he doesn’t have to satisfy the newspapers or investorsevery quarter he is raising the profits. We can afford to invest more in research and development, invest in long-term stuff.” This article was written by Graham Ruddick, for The Guardian on Wednesday 14th September 2016 00.01 Europe/London guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media Limited 2010   And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... The Guardian More articles from The Guardian @guardian Latest news, sport, business, comment, analysis and reviews from the Guardian, the world's leading liberal voice. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2016 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Opposition wants PM Modi to reply, Govt hopes to buy time for cash crunch to ease Demonetisation: Kerala estate workers go without pay, owners warn of food crisis Let farmers buy seeds with old notes, says Agriculture Minister; Finance says no Demonetisation: Sharp surge in demand for card-swipe machines Roll back or face unrest: Arvind Kejriwal, Mamata Banerjee to Govt Marrakech Climate Change Conference: Global warming a matter of urgent priority Home Opinion Web Edits How our craze for Patanjali made Ramdev aide Acharya Balkrishna one of the wealthiest Indians How our craze for Patanjali made Ramdev aide Acharya Balkrishna one of the wealthiest Indians In all fairness, Balkrishna is a pure, albeit controversial, businessman who has captured the nerve of the Indian consumers. Written by Kanishka Singh | Updated: October 10, 2016 12:49 pm Acharya Balkrishna (Express Archive) Baba Ramdev’s close aide Acharya Balkrishna has entered the coveted Hurun India Rich List 2016 as a billionaire with a personal fortune of Rs 25,600 crore ($3.82 billion). For this he has to thank the popularity of Ramdev and the products endorsed by him. The resultant craze for Patanjali Ayurved’s FMCG products has pushed up the company’s turnover at a really fast pace. However, Balkrishna has been the brains behind the business. A contentious figure, who has faced charges of forgery and money laundering in the past, Balakrishna has pulled all the right strings to cash in on the emotion of Ramdev’s huge follower base, hard selling the ayurvedic and ‘swadesi’ idea. WATCH VIDEO:  Congress MP Praises Baba Ramdev’s Ayurvedic Company Patanjali   Balkrishna Suvedi, born to Nepalese parents who later migrated to India, was Ramdev’s junior in Khanpur Gurukul in Haryana. The man owns at least 93 per cent stake in Patanjali Ayurved and heads 34 companies and three trusts associated with Ramdev and the Patanjali banner. Among other achievements, Patanjali interestingly claims the Acharya rediscovered the Sanjivani booti — the famed herb that rescued the life of Lakshman. He was charged with cheating and criminal conspiracy for procuring fake degrees to acquire an Indian passport. His ‘Purv Madhyma’ high school degree and ‘Shastri’, a Sanskrit degree from Sampurna Nand Sanskrit University do not exist on the university records. Balkrishna disappeared in 2012 after CBI summoned him in a forgery case and the Enforcement Directorate later registered a case against him under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act for alleged illegal remittances. The cases were closed after the NDA government came to power in 2014. In all fairness, Balkrishna is a pure, albeit controversial, businessman who has captured the nerve of the Indian consumers and rattled FMCG majors who have conveniently enjoyed a near monopoly in the Indian market with their flagship products. Patanjali Ayurveda posted turnovers of Rs 5,000 crore for FY 2015-16 up from Rs 450 crore in 2012 — a rise of over 11 times in a matter of four years. It would be naive to say that Balkrishna could have managed the feat on his own. Ramdev, who doesn’t hold stake in the company, has been the face of the firm and has promoted the company in all of his yoga camps and events as well as TV programmes. Now, he is running an active campaign against MNCs and pushing for swadeshi. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened More importantly, Balkrishna has positioned Patanjali’s non-innovative products under a very competitive price structure with a natural, herbal and ayurvedic branding. He is the one who gives the thumbs up to every product right from conception and development to final packaging. His insistence on maintaining a rural or rustic image of the company’s products has, in fact, bolstered the faith of a large majority of consumers in the ‘purity’ of the goods on offer. Watch What else is making news Patanjali has recently trumped all established FMCG firms in the country including the likes of HUL, P&G, Colgate-Palmolive. Even players present in the fragmented herbal and ayurvedic products market like Zandu, Dabur and Baidyanath were unable to match the speed at which Patanjali ate into their market share. Now, with Patanjali aiming for sales targets of Rs 1 lakh crore in the FY 2020, the market share of FMCG majors is set to take further hits. The company has also entered into joint ventures with some foreign companies and has been exporting their products to countries like the US, Canada and the middle east. Balkrishna has intelligently avoided excessive experimentation with the Patanjali’s product catalogue. He has offered products that consumers are used to and packaged them with claims of ayurvedic qualities. As the company is not publicly owned, the veracity of their claims can’t be easily verified. Consumers have to trust Ramdev’s reputation when it comes to the quality of the products. In the process, Balkrishna has managed to rightly predict consumer behaviour and immensely reduce friction in the end users when they shift from one product to a new one. Using Ramdev’s popularity, the duo has maintained a clear and strong single brand value proposition that has made Patanjali Ayurved a self sustaining entity and earned the company huge profits. The two claims all profits are channeled for charity and larger good of the society. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaBanks to work normal hours on Saturday, but only senior citizens can exchange old notes BusinessDemonetisation: Execution could not have been better, says Arun Jaitley IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News Amnesty urges Russia to abolish ‘foreign agent’ law Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka sits in on landmark Japan PM talks Priyanka Gandhi to play ‘major role’ in UP Assembly polls: Congress Order regarding media restraint from publishing judges’ names advisory in nature: Madras HC Demonetisation: Execution could not have been better, says Arun Jaitley Kanishka SinghKanishka is a Senior Sub-Editor with  indianexpress.com... read more Mamata Banerjee takes fight against currency ban to streets, BJP on guard BJP MLA’s claim that Ambanis, Adanis had prior knowledge of demonetisation may hit party image Mulayam reinstates Ram Gopal to save party’s chances in UP elections                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Godfrey Phillips slides after poor Q1 results Business Standard Nifty hits more than 2-weeks low; breadth strong Capital Market  September 14, 2016 Last Updated at 11:14 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2THeBAj Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Sensex, Nifty trim gains after hitting highest level in more than a week Sensex, Nifty hit one-week low Sensex, Nifty hit more than one-week low Sensex, Nifty attain 12-week closing high Sensex, Nifty hit more than one-week low Key benchmark indices trimmed some losses after hitting fresh intraday low in mid-morning trade. At 11:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 63.26 points or 0.22% at 28,290.28. The Nifty 50 index was down 16.90 points or 0.19% at 8,698.70. The Nifty hit its lowest levels in more than two weeks. The Sensex fell 94.16 points, or 0.33% at the day's low of 28,259.38 in mid-morning trade. The index rose 62.87 points, or 0.22% at the day's high of 28,416.41 in early trade. The Nifty fell 26.70 points, or 0.31% at the day's low of 8,688.90 in mid-morning trade, its lowest level since 30 August 2016. The index rose 22 points, or 0.25% at the day's high of 8,737.60 in early trade. In overseas stock markets, Asian shares declined today, 14 September 2016, bruised by a fall in oil prices on renewed worries about a supply glut and as investors grew nervous about the diminishing capacity of the world's major central banks to shore up economic growth. The US market edged lower yesterday, 13 September 2016, as equities suffered a sharp sell-off amid a slump in energy shares and uncertainty about the Federal Reserve's plans for monetary policy. Back home, the market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was strong. On BSE, 1,399 shares rose and 839 shares fell. A total of 152 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.33%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.61%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Most pharmaceutical shares edged higher. Cipla (up 1.07%), Cadila Healthcare (up 1%), Alkem Laboratories (up 0.97%), Lupin (up 0.55%), Divi's Laboratories (up 0.49%), Wockhardt (up 0.38%), IPCA Laboratories (up 0.31%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.25%), Piramal Enterprises (up 0.16%) and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 0.13%), edged higher. Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.31%), Strides Shasun (down 0.41%) and GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (down 0.56%), edged lower. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals rose 0.79% to Rs 882 after the company announced that it has been granted final approval by the United States Food & Drug Administration for Diclofenac Sodium Gel, 3%. Diclofenac Sodium Gel, 3% is a generic version of Solaraze Gel, 3% of Fougera Pharmaceuticals Inc. According to IMS Health sales data for the 12 month period ending July 2016, the Solaraze Gel, 3% market achieved annual sales of around $297.90 million in the US. The announcement was made before market hours today, 14 September 2016. Most FMCG shares edged higher. Godrej Consumer Products (up 2.26%), Marico (up 1.68%), Britannia Industries (up 1.53%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 1.17%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.10%), Dabur India (up 1%), Nestle India (up 0.57%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.56%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.37%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 0.07%), edged higher. Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 0.88%) and Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.93%), edged lower. Godfrey Phillips India lost 5.08% after net profit dropped 62% to Rs 22.38 crore on 18.5% fall in net sales to Rs 465.59 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced yesterday, 13 September 2016, when the stock markets were closed on account of Bakri Id. Amtek Auto was down 3.97% after the company reported net loss of Rs 319.68 crore in the quarter ended 30 June 2016, higher than net loss of Rs 157.60 crore in the quarter ended 30 June 2015. Total income declined 33.45% to Rs 576.49 crore in the quarter ended 30 June 2016 over the quarter ended 30 June 2015. The result was announced yesterday, 13 September 2016 when the stock market was closed on account of Bakri Id. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Nifty | Bse | Sensex PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Nifty hits more than 2-weeks low; breadth strong Key benchmark indices trimmed some losses after hitting fresh intraday low in mid-morning trade. At 11:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 63.26 points or 0.22% at 28,290.28. The Nifty 50 index was down 16.90 points or 0.19% at 8,698.70. The Nifty hit its lowest levels in more than two weeks. Key benchmark indices trimmed some losses after hitting fresh intraday low in mid-morning trade. At 11:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 63.26 points or 0.22% at 28,290.28. The Nifty 50 index was down 16.90 points or 0.19% at 8,698.70. The Nifty hit its lowest levels in more than two weeks. The Sensex fell 94.16 points, or 0.33% at the day's low of 28,259.38 in mid-morning trade. The index rose 62.87 points, or 0.22% at the day's high of 28,416.41 in early trade. The Nifty fell 26.70 points, or 0.31% at the day's low of 8,688.90 in mid-morning trade, its lowest level since 30 August 2016. The index rose 22 points, or 0.25% at the day's high of 8,737.60 in early trade. In overseas stock markets, Asian shares declined today, 14 September 2016, bruised by a fall in oil prices on renewed worries about a supply glut and as investors grew nervous about the diminishing capacity of the world's major central banks to shore up economic growth. The US market edged lower yesterday, 13 September 2016, as equities suffered a sharp sell-off amid a slump in energy shares and uncertainty about the Federal Reserve's plans for monetary policy. Back home, the market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was strong. On BSE, 1,399 shares rose and 839 shares fell. A total of 152 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.33%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.61%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Most pharmaceutical shares edged higher. Cipla (up 1.07%), Cadila Healthcare (up 1%), Alkem Laboratories (up 0.97%), Lupin (up 0.55%), Divi's Laboratories (up 0.49%), Wockhardt (up 0.38%), IPCA Laboratories (up 0.31%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.25%), Piramal Enterprises (up 0.16%) and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 0.13%), edged higher. Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.31%), Strides Shasun (down 0.41%) and GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (down 0.56%), edged lower. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals rose 0.79% to Rs 882 after the company announced that it has been granted final approval by the United States Food & Drug Administration for Diclofenac Sodium Gel, 3%. Diclofenac Sodium Gel, 3% is a generic version of Solaraze Gel, 3% of Fougera Pharmaceuticals Inc. According to IMS Health sales data for the 12 month period ending July 2016, the Solaraze Gel, 3% market achieved annual sales of around $297.90 million in the US. The announcement was made before market hours today, 14 September 2016. Most FMCG shares edged higher. Godrej Consumer Products (up 2.26%), Marico (up 1.68%), Britannia Industries (up 1.53%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 1.17%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.10%), Dabur India (up 1%), Nestle India (up 0.57%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.56%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.37%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 0.07%), edged higher. Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 0.88%) and Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.93%), edged lower. Godfrey Phillips India lost 5.08% after net profit dropped 62% to Rs 22.38 crore on 18.5% fall in net sales to Rs 465.59 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced yesterday, 13 September 2016, when the stock markets were closed on account of Bakri Id. Amtek Auto was down 3.97% after the company reported net loss of Rs 319.68 crore in the quarter ended 30 June 2016, higher than net loss of Rs 157.60 crore in the quarter ended 30 June 2015. Total income declined 33.45% to Rs 576.49 crore in the quarter ended 30 June 2016 over the quarter ended 30 June 2015. The result was announced yesterday, 13 September 2016 when the stock market was closed on account of Bakri Id. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Nifty hits more than 2-weeks low; breadth strong Key benchmark indices trimmed some losses after hitting fresh intraday low in mid-morning trade. At 11:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 63.26 points or 0.22% at 28,290.28. The Nifty 50 index was down 16.90 points or 0.19% at 8,698.70. The Nifty hit its lowest levels in more than two weeks. The Sensex fell 94.16 points, or 0.33% at the day's low of 28,259.38 in mid-morning trade. The index rose 62.87 points, or 0.22% at the day's high of 28,416.41 in early trade. The Nifty fell 26.70 points, or 0.31% at the day's low of 8,688.90 in mid-morning trade, its lowest level since 30 August 2016. The index rose 22 points, or 0.25% at the day's high of 8,737.60 in early trade. In overseas stock markets, Asian shares declined today, 14 September 2016, bruised by a fall in oil prices on renewed worries about a supply glut and as investors grew nervous about the diminishing capacity of the world's major central banks to shore up economic growth. The US market edged lower yesterday, 13 September 2016, as equities suffered a sharp sell-off amid a slump in energy shares and uncertainty about the Federal Reserve's plans for monetary policy. Back home, the market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was strong. On BSE, 1,399 shares rose and 839 shares fell. A total of 152 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.33%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.61%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Most pharmaceutical shares edged higher. Cipla (up 1.07%), Cadila Healthcare (up 1%), Alkem Laboratories (up 0.97%), Lupin (up 0.55%), Divi's Laboratories (up 0.49%), Wockhardt (up 0.38%), IPCA Laboratories (up 0.31%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.25%), Piramal Enterprises (up 0.16%) and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 0.13%), edged higher. Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.31%), Strides Shasun (down 0.41%) and GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (down 0.56%), edged lower. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals rose 0.79% to Rs 882 after the company announced that it has been granted final approval by the United States Food & Drug Administration for Diclofenac Sodium Gel, 3%. Diclofenac Sodium Gel, 3% is a generic version of Solaraze Gel, 3% of Fougera Pharmaceuticals Inc. According to IMS Health sales data for the 12 month period ending July 2016, the Solaraze Gel, 3% market achieved annual sales of around $297.90 million in the US. The announcement was made before market hours today, 14 September 2016. Most FMCG shares edged higher. Godrej Consumer Products (up 2.26%), Marico (up 1.68%), Britannia Industries (up 1.53%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 1.17%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.10%), Dabur India (up 1%), Nestle India (up 0.57%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.56%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.37%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 0.07%), edged higher. Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 0.88%) and Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.93%), edged lower. Godfrey Phillips India lost 5.08% after net profit dropped 62% to Rs 22.38 crore on 18.5% fall in net sales to Rs 465.59 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced yesterday, 13 September 2016, when the stock markets were closed on account of Bakri Id. Amtek Auto was down 3.97% after the company reported net loss of Rs 319.68 crore in the quarter ended 30 June 2016, higher than net loss of Rs 157.60 crore in the quarter ended 30 June 2015. Total income declined 33.45% to Rs 576.49 crore in the quarter ended 30 June 2016 over the quarter ended 30 June 2015. The result was announced yesterday, 13 September 2016 when the stock market was closed on account of Bakri Id. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, Sep 14 2016. 06 22 PM IST Happily Unmarried plans to raise Rs30-50 crore Happily Unmarried is now looking at raising more funds and also getting strategic investors on board as they look at general trade expansion Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Sapna Agarwal Happily Unmarried, which sells personal products for men such as face wash, body wash, beard care and colognes, is now also expanding its product range to include anti hair fall serum and shampoo for men. Mumbai: Happily Unmarried Marketing Pvt. Ltd, which runs HappilyUnmarried.com, is planning to raise Rs.30-50 crore for Ustraa, its online male grooming products brand. Launched a year ago in August, Ustraa’s sales crossed Rs.10 crore till April 2016; it is expected to end the financial year 2017 with sales of Rs.40 crore, said founder Rajat Tuli, while sharing that the growth will come as the company expands into general trade and also launches new products. Info Edge (India) Ltd, popular for hiring portal Naukri.com and real estate website 99acres.com, has a 37% stake in the company, with investment of Rs.21 crore since 2012, said Tuli. He added that the company raised Rs.5 crore in the latest funding round in July. The company is now looking at raising more funds and also getting strategic investors on board as they look at general trade expansion. “We are in talks with companies and are looking at options that are beneficial for the business,” said Tuli, adding that with the right partners and inputs, “we can be a Rs.500 crore company in 5-7 years”. The company which sells personal products for men such as face wash, body wash, beard care and colognes is now also expanding its product range to include anti hair fall serum and shampoo for men. Last month, the company made the products available in 200 stores across the National Capital Region. By the end of the fiscal year, the target is to reach 5,000 stores and 20,000 stores by financial year 2018, said Tuli. He added that the expansion to general trade is to reach a new set of customers who may not be buying online. Ustraa products are also available in Happily Unmarried’s 12 stores across India. So far, the online company has sold its products to customers in 2,000 cities across rural and urban India. Over two-thirds of its sales have come through the mobile phone. Meanwhile, globally large multi-national companies are vying for a larger share of the online market. Unilever Plc. acquired online male grooming company Dollar Shave Club Llc in a deal said to be worth about $1 billion in July, according to reports. In June 2015, Procter & Gamble Co. launched Gillette’s new online shave club. By 2020, India’s beauty and hygiene market is estimated to reach $17 billion and two-thirds of its sales could be digitally influenced. Moreover 20% of beauty and hygiene products will be sold online, according to a February report, Impact of Digital on Beauty and Hygiene, by Indian Beauty and Hygiene Association, Bain and Co. and Google. The report also identified beauty and hygiene to be the third-most searched category online in shopping searches and growing the fastest. Sapna Agarwal Topics: Happily UnmarriedUstraaFundingInvestmentSales More from this Section Air India to induct two A320 neos in January Karnataka high court orders winding up of Kingfisher Airlines Bharat Forge to buy Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 million Winners of Infosys Prize 2016 announced Snapdeal’s logistics arm COO Vijay Ghadge quits Editor's Picks Banks to exchange notes only for their own customers tomorrow Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Consequences of the demonetisation shock Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts First Published: Wed, Sep 14 2016. 10 59 AM IST Latest News Banks to exchange notes only for their own customers tomorrow Narendra Modi meets president as demonetisation chaos continues Note ban may ease food prices as retailers buy less Editor's Picks Banks to exchange notes only for their own customers tomorrow Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Latest News Banks to exchange notes only for their own customers tomorrow Narendra Modi meets president as demonetisation chaos continues Note ban may ease food prices as retailers buy less India’s no first use policy on nukes ‘ambiguous’: Pakistan Lounge review: Asia Kitchen & Bar, Mumbai, & Tourist, Delhi Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Advertise How Social Media Advertising Has Evolved Marketing Nerds Podcast September 9, 2016 Marketing Nerds Podcast Caitlin RulienSeptember 9, 2016 SEJ STAFF 631SHARES 1.1KREADS 631SHARES 1.1KREADS SEJ STAFFCaitlin Rulien 631SHARES 1.1KREADS http://media.blubrry.com/marketingnerds/p/content.blubrry.com/marketingnerds/SEJ_Marketing_Nerds_103_Social_Advertising_Opportunities.mp3 Podcast: Download Subscribe: iTunes | Android | RSS Visit our Marketing Nerds archive to listen to other Marketing Nerds podcasts! In this episode of Marketing Nerds, Boz Boschen, Digital Media Director for ndp, joined me to talk about how far social advertising has come over the last several years. We also chatted about where it’s going, and how those in the advertising sphere are adapting. Here are a few transcribed excerpts from our discussion, but make sure to listen to the podcast to hear everything! How Social Media Advertising has Evolved Within digital media, it’s always interesting to see how consumer habits change over time. Looking at the pace of change, it always seems like the thing that pops up this weekend becomes popular where it’s completely unexpected. Of course, it’s very hard to look into that crystal ball and see where things will be in five or seven years. I think where we are today is really the age of platforms, as everyone is saying. It’s really becoming more about adjusting the ad experience to match that environment in social media. We know that users are spending vast amounts of time on Facebook. Noteworthy in the last week that Facebook weighed in on the ad blocking discussion and has said that they have a point of view on that. Of course, in a very Facebook way, it’s very tech-focused and tech solution rather than the overall philosophy of there’s a value exchange here. In order to get your social media fix, there needs to be some ads to help support it. It’s been really interesting to see what’s happened. Again, I think where we are is less transactional, more relational. Distinguishing Good Content Facebook, as a publicly traded company, looks at it and says “Here’s our short-term goal. We’ve got some things that we need to achieve with our revenue.” Also, measuring that against at what point are we going to turn off users? Do we see their time spent start to drop because we’re forcing more ads into the experience at the detriment of their overall use of Facebook? I think that they’re looking at all of that and trying to decide what’s the right role with this and those sorts of headlines or what’s getting people to engage. They’re experimenting as well with the ad types and the units that they’re employing. I think that they’re trying to test what’s the right environment in the role of the advertising. Smartphones being ubiquitous, what’s the right ad experience on mobile? It’s not going to be that kind of display banner from desktops shrunk down into a smaller space. How do we build something that’s immersive and full-screen and engaging and get somebody to raise their hand while they’re looking for that dopamine fix and scrolling through Facebook? Let’s give them a good experience here and let them go further on their own. I think it’s an interesting way to look at it. We’ve seen success with that for some of our clients and not repurposing creative, but really building something that’s native to the platform. It even plays into digital video. When you look at digital video and you’re going to run it in the Facebook environment, I think everybody now realizes it’s auto-play, it’s silent, it’s subtitled. What’s the right approach for that? How do we load our branding front end? Finding the Most Accessible Platform for Your Content There was Kodak. Now there’s really no longer Kodak, but there’s Instagram. We’re still interested in photography and photos and sharing things and creating memories and preserving them. I think that’s the overall point that there’s some innate human things that are going to continue. It’s just what is the platform. It may be fluid and it might be Facebook. It might be a little bit different. It might be something new that’s still in development. The tricky thing with digital is really overall tracking. That’s a question that comes up from clients all the time is what is the overall spend. What percentage of our budget should be in digital? How do we decide that for social media? Social can be very hard to track and digital as well. Transformation in Media Usage I guess in the overall industry trend over the last five years there’s was sort of a race in marketing tech and ad tech to add more tracking, to go deeper and understand these discreet segments and hyper-targeting populations and looking at everything at the most granular level. Now we’re hearing Procter & Gamble’s pulling back in a sense. Some of this could be a negotiating power as they’re looking at their overall budget with Facebook. I think the point can also be true that as they’re looking at Facebook overall and saying here is two hundred data points against each of these people, how do we then want to divide up our brand spend for direct response? Everything is infinitely measurable, but is that really the way to invest in the platform and the way to approach the audience in that transactional manner? Whatever happens, we’re still going to be looking at a sales funnel to some degree. Is Social Media Worth Investing Your Time and Money? I think it’s really talking to the client about their own goals, their target, understanding within that full target analysis, who are these people, what are their typical media behaviors, weighing social media against everything else that they’re doing in their daily lives and then the budget. How much budget is there and how far can we stretch it? If we look at those priorities, the audience might be fifty-five and older. They’re primarily broadcast, primetime viewers with a little bit of light online. Maybe they’re checking their bank statements and the weather or Facebook to follow-up with the grandkids, whatever it is. Again, it’s unique to each budget, each brand, each target. Making Your Brand Constantly Top of Mind Everybody has been talking about Olympics for the last week since it wrapped [a few weeks ago]. I think NBC is learning some hard lessons about trying to force fit content into the traditional broadcast primetime model and looking at an opportunity that was served up for a multitude of sports where people can go as deep as they want and follow everything as it’s happening. We do live in that world now where everybody gets breaking updates in their smartphones. If you’ve downloaded the app, you’ve opted in for the notifications; you’re going to see the notifications throughout the day. This broadcast partner has decided that they’re going to repackage the content and air it in primetime. I think there’s a limitation there in what they were expecting to happen with the TV viewership that didn’t really match what they were doing online. I think that just allowing the user to be free to engage where they want to and on their own terms and to go as deep as they want. What are you going to lose by having them go further in digital? You’re giving them the content they want. It’s going to trend on social regardless. Don’t fight it. Go with it. To listen to this Marketing Nerds Podcast with Caitlin Rulien and Boz Boschen: Listen to the full episode at the top of this post Subscribe via iTunes Sign up on IFTTT to receive an email whenever the Marketing Nerds podcast RSS feed has a new episode Listen on Stitcher, Overcast, or Pocket Casts Think you have what it takes to be a Marketing Nerd? If so, message Kelsey Jones on Twitter, or email her at kelsey [at] searchenginejournal.com. Visit our Marketing Nerds archive to listen to other Marketing Nerds podcasts! Image Credits Featured Image: Image by Paulo Bobita In-post Photo: tashka2000/DepositPhotos.com http://media.blubrry.com/marketingnerds/p/content.blubrry.com/marketingnerds/SEJ_Marketing_Nerds_103_Social_Advertising_Opportunities.mp3 Podcast: Download Subscribe: iTunes | Android | RSS Related Posts New on #MarketingNerds: How to Get the Most from Your Social Media Campaigns Why Should You Reshare Your Social Media Content Social Media and Search With Two Generation Z’ers #MarketingNerds New #MarketingNerds Podcast: Social Media Tips for Non-Profits Bio Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Latest Posts Caitlin Rulien Social Producer at Search Engine Journal Caitlin is Social Producer for Search Engine Journal and currently a Masters candidate in International Affairs. She can usually be found reading, writing, or refreshing... Read Full Bio @sayscaitlin Caitlin Rulien Latest posts by Caitlin Rulien (see all) Snapchat Adds World Lenses - November 11, 2016 How to Build a Bigger Brand Online with Christina Baldassarre - October 21, 2016 The Achievement Habit #SEJBookClub - October 15, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Kaminska Zakrzewska Nice post. Thank your for sharing it. This will serve as a reference to understand where, how and when the different types of social media are created and their exact purposes. Some people have no idea about the origin of Social Media. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Kerry Jones on Creating Content Around Hot Button Topics See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.2K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 4 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.3K reads 11/7/2016 5 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly 3.1K reads 10/24/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 New on #MarketingNerds: How to Get the Most from Your Social Media Campaigns 2 Why Should You Reshare Your Social Media Content 3 Social Media and Search With Two Generation Z’ers #MarketingNerds 4 New #MarketingNerds Podcast: Social Media Tips for Non-Profits [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
null
Mesa Legend Mesa Legend News Features Sports Opinions Culture Up to Date Archive Flipbook Facebook Instagram Twitter About Us 11/18/2016 Ryan Lochte caught in high water during Olympics 09/13/2016 by TheMesaLegend2 Leave a Comment Christopher Jones Mesa Legend We all know of stereotypes, everyone acts on them in some way or another; and for society, stereotypes are usually a burden. Assumed characteristics based on past actions by people in similar circumstances to determine as they once were, are now, and always will be seen as such. In this age of celebrating individuality and being proud of who you are one would think that stereotypes would begin to fade away with the past because in reality living by stereotypes couldn’t be any more misleading. These days’ people are rarely as perceived to be.  And then, sometimes, you see someone like Ryan Lochte open his mouth. And then you hear what comes pouring out, it all makes sense why stereotypes aren’t going anywhere. Lochte and his friends have become the poster boys of America to the rest of the world. Nothing says “I’m an American tourist!” like landing in a host city, taking personal glory from it, partying it up and then to leave the place in more disarray than you found it.  The locals have become resentful, and now a forever bitter taste of Americans will last in their lives.  What a move, dude. You have your fun, get wrecked, anger a gas station, you break its bathroom door, you claim to have been robbed, and blame it all on the “crappy Brazilians.” Lochte flew out of Brazil to the U.S. on Tuesday August 16, days before his story about being jumped at the Rio Petrol station by assailants disguised as police officers unraveled- therefore, he can’t really be charged with anything, even by livid Brazilian authorities, for the mess left behind. Of course it’s human nature to deflect attention away from themselves when they have done the wrong in a situation. Any person could have done the same just as easily as Lochte and his friends did. Perhaps the same reaction would have come from a rower from Rwanda or a gymnast from Denmark, but that wasn’t what happened. Ryan ‘Lying’ Lochte – Ugly American with an even uglier hair style – did it. So, beyond the obvious not being a proper Olympian full of honor and integrity dedicated to a sport, he characterized the stereotype of an “Ugly American” a person who cannot be a good guest in a foreign nation.  My fellow travelers get ready for stares on the streets in Prague and over-curious questions from the cab driver. Let’s put the antics aside for Lochte because it surely has not been an easy task playing in their prime with someone by the name of Michael Phelps, who isn’t necessarily a model citizen either, but has earned 28 Olympic medals that makes Lochte’s 12 pedestrian at best. To stand out in the media Lochte has resorted to his goofiness during interviews. It’s not too hard for him, because even playing second fiddle to Phelps, Lochte was still making millions outside the pool with Speedo, Mutual of Omaha, Gillette, Gatorade, Proctor and Gamble, Ralph Lauren, Nissan, and AT&T; although he took a big hit with endorsements after his incident in Rio losing about half of these sponsors. He even dabbled in show business and reality TV shows such as 30 Rock, 90210, and is expected to appear on this next season of Dancing with the Stars on ABC.  Last but not least he dates a Playboy model.If the authorities are right about what happened, the brawl with a Rent-a-cop over a busted door could not have ended much worse than the second part, of which what we know did happen, and cried wolf lying on the group that he victimized. He then left for home leaving behind his friends to fend for themselves. We now look to what action either the USOC or even the IOC will take regarding his actions. If you ask Mario Andrada, the spokesman for the Rio 2016 Olympics, he’ll probably repeat what he said after authorities revealed what actually happened and request we “Give these kids a break,” but one thing is that Lochte isn’t a kid anymore. He’s 32, very much an adult by all or at least many standards most of us are aware of.  The IOC has set up an investigation into what happened that night and another participant in the night, James Feigen, has paid Brazil a fine in order to leave. Fact is that Lochte is not a kid, but he did destroy someone’s private property paid for that, but the crime that has not been addressed is him falsely accusing the security guards of the petrol station of robbery to the media and Brazilian officials.  You take from it for yourself what to take from this whole bizarre situation and what consequences if any should follow. Filed Under: Sports Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Top 10 Recent Poast Presidential candidates talk policy in the Valley 11/09/2016 Interim president to begin significant changes at MCC 11/09/2016 Anxiety still a driving force in American culture 11/09/2016 The Walking Dead story 11/09/2016 Legend’s VIEW 11/09/2016 Technology democratizes creativity of everyone 11/09/2016 Trump’s business savy makes him the better candidate 11/09/2016 Trump talk does not reflect most locker rooms 11/09/2016 9218 11/08/2016 Gay sex is selling more than ever and its thanks to mainstream media 11/08/2016 Recent Posts Presidential candidates talk policy in the Valley Interim president to begin significant changes at MCC Anxiety still a driving force in American culture The Walking Dead story Legend’s VIEW Comments Ronny Howard on Tempe Town Lake drained for dam repairs David LeVack on Generation Y individuality Kyle on SeaWorld ends Orca performance shows IAAF WORLD CHAMPIONSHIPS on Pau Tonneson vaults into the Olympics Terry Roseberry on Skin disorders a common and overlooked affliction Tags #MCC Amazon Arizona Career Celebrities College Construction Dating drugs E-Sports Economy Features Fiesta District Fiesta Mall Football Foreign Student Future Green Card Happiness Immigration Informed international James Foley Journalist Mesa Mesa Community College Mesa Legend News NJCAA opinions police Rumpelstiltskin SkiPro Soccer Social Media Sports Students T-Birds T-Birds Soccer Tempe The View Tinder United States Volleyball Wealth Copyright © 2016 · Metro Pro Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
null


null
