Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Insider Barbara J. Rechterman Sells 4,314 Shares of Stock Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) VP Dwight D. Smith Sells 1,500 Shares of Stock FormFactor, Inc. (FORM) Director Richard Delateur Sells 12,000 Shares of Stock Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Keryx Biopharmaceuticals (KERX) Receives Buy Rating from Maxim Group Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) Upgraded to Outperform at JMP Securities Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Price Target Raised to $60.00 at Cowen and Company Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Given “Hold” Rating at RBC Capital Markets Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Given “Outperform” Rating at William Blair Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for VF Corp (VFC) Gerdau SA (GGB) Upgraded to “C-” by TheStreet Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) Receives Neutral Rating from Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Threadneedle UK Select Trust Ltd (UKT) Raises Dividend to GBX 2.60 Per Share Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH) VP Sells $104,068.80 in Stock Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH) COO Sells $1,508,499.25 in Stock FBR & Co Increases TG Therapeutics Inc (TGTX) Price Target to $26.00 Anheuser Busch Inbev NV’s (BUD) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Given New $24.00 Price Target at Cowen and Company Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Evercore ISI March 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Evercore ISI reaffirmed their underweight rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) in a report issued on Monday. PG has been the subject of a number of other reports. Stifel Nicolaus cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a buy rating to a hold rating and reduced their price objective for the stock from $88.00 to $86.00 in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a hold rating in a research note on Monday, January 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC set a $93.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, November 21st. Citigroup Inc. increased their price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co reissued a market perform rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Tuesday, November 15th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $90.70. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.6443% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $90.3243. 2,548,222 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $88.28 and a 200-day moving average price of $86.58. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12-month low of $79.10 and a 12-month high of $91.89. The stock has a market capitalization of $230.91 billion, a PE ratio of 16.5490 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The firm earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.04 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current year. This report was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/03/procter-gamble-co-pg-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-evercore-isi.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 20th were paid a $0.6695 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.95%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is currently 48.73%. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, insider Juan Fernando Posada sold 7,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.75, for a total value of $607,250.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 21,989 shares in the company, valued at $1,907,545.75. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at $3,291,645. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133 over the last quarter. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $1,918,188,000. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 775.6% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 4,562,545 shares of the company’s stock worth $383,723,000 after buying an additional 4,041,486 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $292,352,000. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 167,926,302 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,218,321,000 after buying an additional 3,029,476 shares during the period. Finally, BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 198.8% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 4,367,095 shares of the company’s stock worth $391,947,000 after buying an additional 2,905,755 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.33% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Feed the Children Receives More than $38 Million for Critical Work to End Extreme Poverty and Hunger in Malawi By Published: Mar 2, 2017 1:59 p.m. ET Share Global nonprofit receives support from USAID, Nu Skin and P&G OKLAHOMA CITY, March 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) has awarded Feed the Children the largest grant in its history – more than $19.15 million. Longtime partners of Feed the Children, Nu Skin and the P&G Children's Safe Drinking Water Program, also have chosen to invest in the organization's work and have committed an additional $19.15 million of in-kind contributions – Nu Skin will provide fortified food supplements and P&G will provide water purification packets. Combined, these resources will support Feed the Children's efforts to continue its critical work in Malawi to end extreme poverty and hunger. The project name is Tiwalere II, meaning "let's raise them up" in the local Chichewa dialect. Following the success of Tiwalere I, a similar but smaller project that improved nutrition for orphans and vulnerable children in Malawi from 2010 to 2015, the Tiwalere II project will strive to achieve significant and sustainable improvements in the nutritional status of four vulnerable populations: Children under the age of five Pregnant and lactating women Mothers of children under the age of two Adolescent girls in ten districts within central and northern Malawi Of all children under the age of five in Malawi, 47 percent are stunted due to chronic malnourishment and other health factors, according to the Minister of Agriculture, Irrigation and Water Development in Malawi. Stunting results in permanent, irreversible negative health, developmental and well-being outcomes. Education plays an equally important role in stopping hunger. Tiwalere II will explain the importance of: Best practices for feeding infants, young children and mothers Vitamin A supplements Deworming Prenatal care visits during the first trimester of pregnancy Having a facility-based delivery of infants Family planning Vaccinations and Insecticide Treated Nets (ITNs) Identification and management of childhood illnesses Through the Tiwalere I project, as a result of behavior change, livelihood development and agricultural activities, many communities are now able to provide nutritious food for their vulnerable children and have adopted positive behavior changes related to health and water, sanitation, hygiene and more. Tiwalere II seeks to achieve comparable results with an exponentially larger population. Local implementing partners World Relief and Total LandCare-Malawi, in addition to Nu Skin and the P&G Children's Safe Drinking Water Program, helped Feed the Children develop the Tiwalere II project and will continue to work alongside the global nonprofit as the project is fulfilled. "Feed the Children is grateful to be the recipient of such substantial support," said Travis Arnold, Feed the Children interim president/CEO and COO. "Because of Nu Skin, P&G and USAID, Feed the Children's Tiwalere II project is leading the way toward finding a solution to significantly reduce malnutrition in Malawi."  "We feel honored to have been part of the Tiwalere I project, and we look forward to continuing our impactful partnership with Feed the Children into this next phase," said Steven J. Lund, Nu Skin executive chairman of the board. "Together, we can provide children in Malawi the food and nutrition they need as well as increased opportunities for learning, giving them hope for a brighter future." "P&G is proud to continue our support for Feed the Children in this significant public-private partnership initiative," said Allison Tummon Kamphuis, leader of the P&G Children's Safe Drinking Water Program. "Clean water is an important factor to address malnutrition and poverty and we believe that the Tiwalere II project will help transform the lives of children and families in Malawi." About Feed the Children Established in 1979, Feed the Children exists to defeat hunger. It is one of the largest U.S.-based charities and serves those in need in the U.S. and in 10 countries around the world. It provides food, education, essentials and disaster response. Domestically, it operates five distribution centers (located in Oklahoma, Indiana, California, Tennessee and Pennsylvania). In fiscal year 2016, through its domestic and international programs, Feed the Children distributed 105 million pounds of food and essentials worldwide with a total value of $415 million, working with partner agencies to benefit 5.9 million people globally. It is accredited by GuideStar Exchange, the BBB Wise Giving Alliance and is rated by Charity Navigator. Visit www.feedthechildren.org for more information.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/feed-the-children-receives-more-than-38-million-for-critical-work-to-end-extreme-poverty-and-hunger-in-malawi-300417178.html SOURCE Feed the Children Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In 404: Page not found on Warc The page you are looking for could not be found. You might like to try: Warc Index - for all our content organised by topic. Warc Sitemap - for links to every part of warc.com. Client Services - for help with finding what you need. Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 373.12 -0.04%   Nikkei ▲ 19344.15 -0.18%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -1/32 yield 2.504%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.36 0.30%   Euro ▲ 1.0575 -0.08%   DJIA ▲ 20954.34 -0.24%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In ‘Attack by President’ Is Big Business for PR Agencies Amazon and Pinterest Threaten to Shake Up the Search Ad Market CMO Today: Public Relations Firms See Trump Bump Schwarzenegger Drops Out of ‘Celebrity Apprentice’ WPP Shares Slide as Ad Giant Posts Slowest Revenue Growth in Years Facebook Intensifies Hunt for TV-Like Video Programming CMO Today: Viacom Begins Upfront Pitch With Nickelodeon P&amp;G’s Marc Pritchard Doubles Down on Demands of Digital Ad Giants MDC Partners Subpoenaed by Justice Department in Ad Probe Vice Media’s TV and Video Employees May Unionize How YouTube TV Could Help Google Finally Crack the TV Ad Market CMO Today: Snap Inc. Shares Begin Trading Ad Buyers Push Snapchat to Have Metrics Audited Refinery29 Veteran Patrick Yee Joins Laird &amp; Partners as CEO CMO Today: YouTube Launches $35-a-Month Streaming TV Bundle Oscars Draw Lowest Ratings in Nine Years CMO Today: YouTube Continues Climb Toward TV Fox News’ Head of Ad Sales to Step Down Advertising on Streaming TV Devices Is About to Get More Targeted CMO Today: Oscars Feature Political Ads, Wild Ending https://www.wsj.com/articles/p-gs-marc-pritchard-doubles-down-on-demands-of-digital-ad-giants-1488478808 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Media & Marketing CMO P&G’s Marc Pritchard Doubles Down on Demands of Digital Ad Giants Chief brand officer said Google and Facebook’s commitments to MRC audits are “not enough” Procter & Gamble’s Marc Pritchard, pictured in 2012, is calling for higher standards on viewability and fraud. Photo: Tyler Bissmeyer for The Wall Street Journal By Alexandra Bruell Alexandra Bruell The Wall Street Journal BiographyAlexandra Bruell alexandra.bruell@wsj.com March 2, 2017 1:20 p.m. ET 1 COMMENTS Procter & Gamble, the biggest advertising spender in the world, is ramping up the pressure on the internet’s most dominant marketing platforms to urgently implement safeguards and independent verification to assure advertisers that their money is well spent. Digital ad giants Google and Facebook recently said they are prepared to let the Media Rating Council audit some of their data and ad metrics, following criticisms that such platforms have been grading their own homework, particularly after a series of measurement mistakes at Facebook. But, “it’s not enough,” said Marc Pritchard, chief brand officer and marketing lead for P&G, at the Association for National Advertisers media conference in Orlando, Florida. “It’s worth mentioning that we are encouraged by the recent progress announced by the big players, Facebook and Google, and what we’ve heard from several others,” he said at the conference on Thursday, according to prepared remarks provided by the company. “But let’s also be clear that the announcements indicate intention and work in progress. It’s not enough until the verification and audits are actually implemented.” “We’ve been more than patient because we made these requests nearly a year ago. So we need urgent completion, because then we can get to the more important work of understanding the value we’re getting,” Mr. Pritchard said. Mr. Pritchard drew significant attention in the industry after he complained in January at the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s Annual Leadership Meeting about the complexities in the digital ad business, confusing agency contracts and the need for more widespread adoption of an MRC ad viewability standard. On Thursday, he said he’s standing by those comments and his tough stance on problems that he described as “more acute” in digital advertising, where advertisers are now spending $72 billion, “surpassing TV.” “Sometimes we deliver a high quality media experience, but all too often the experience is, well, crappy. We bombard consumers with thousands of ads a day, subject them to endless ad load times, interrupt them with pop-ups and overpopulate their screens and feeds. And with ad blockers growing 40% and fraud as high as 20%, who knows if they’re even seeing our ads,” he said. Mr. Pritchard encouraged the industry’s marketers, agencies, publishers, ad tech platforms and suppliers to take action and reiterated the steps that P&G already said it planned on taking, including adopting one global viewability standard from the MRC. “We know it’s the minimum standard,” he said. “We know it’s probably not perfect, but we’re adopting this standard in order to move forward to conduct business on a level playing field across platforms and publishers.” He also said that companies have been slow to respond to issues plaguing the “media supply chain,” in part because they have fallen victim to industrywide “head fakes,” such as “The MRC standard is the lowest common denominator.” “Yep, it is, and that’s exactly what we need and want,” he said. Other excuses that he referred to as “head fakes” included, “We don’t have sourced traffic because of privacy controls” and “We get cheaper rates from low-cost publishers.” “At P&G, we are choosing to vote with our dollars,” he said. “We’ve already achieved media supply chain efficiencies, and believe there is a long runway ahead. We don’t want to waste time and money on a crappy media supply chain.” Write to Alexandra Bruell at alexandra.bruell@wsj.com Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print CONTENT FROM OUR SPONSOR Deloitte CMO Insights and Analysis from Deloitte Using Blockchain for Loyalty Rewards Customer loyalty rewards programs could benefit from blockchain, a distributed ledger technology that facilitates transactions in a secure, digitized environment. While blockchain is still in its infancy in the loyalty rewards space, it could help program providers offer value-added services to participants and improve the customer experience. Please note: The Wall Street Journal News Department was not involved in the creation of the content above. More from Deloitte Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (1) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Updated 3/1/2017 Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie PolicyUpdated 3/1/2017 Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 March 2017 by Military News Feed the Children Receives More than $38 Million for Critical Work to End Extreme Poverty and Hunger in Malawi OKLAHOMA CITY, March 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) has awarded Feed the Children the largest grant in its history – more than $19.15 million. Longtime partners of Feed the Children, Nu Skin and the P&G Children’s Safe Drinking Water Program, also have chosen to invest in the organization’s work and have committed an additional $19.15 million of in-kind contributions – Nu Skin will provide fortified food supplements and P&G will provide water purification packets. Combined, these resources will support Feed the Children’s efforts to continue its critical work in Malawi to end extreme poverty and hunger. The project name is Tiwalere II, meaning “let’s raise them up” in the local Chichewa dialect. Following the success of Tiwalere I, a similar but smaller project that improved nutrition for orphans and vulnerable children in Malawi from 2010 to 2015, the Tiwalere II project will strive to achieve significant and sustainable improvements in the nutritional status of four vulnerable populations: Of all children under the age of five in Malawi, 47 percent are stunted due to chronic malnourishment and other health factors, according to the Minister of Agriculture, Irrigation and Water Development in Malawi. Stunting results in permanent, irreversible negative health, developmental and well-being outcomes. Education plays an equally important role in stopping hunger. Tiwalere II will explain the importance of: Through the Tiwalere I project, as a result of behavior change, livelihood development and agricultural activities, many communities are now able to provide nutritious food for their vulnerable children and have adopted positive behavior changes related to health and water, sanitation, hygiene and more. Tiwalere II seeks to achieve comparable results with an exponentially larger population. Local implementing partners World Relief and Total LandCare-Malawi, in addition to Nu Skin and the P&G Children’s Safe Drinking Water Program, helped Feed the Children develop the Tiwalere II project and will continue to work alongside the global nonprofit as the project is fulfilled. “Feed the Children is grateful to be the recipient of such substantial support,” said Travis Arnold, Feed the Children interim president/CEO and COO. “Because of Nu Skin, P&G and USAID, Feed the Children’s Tiwalere II project is leading the way toward finding a solution to significantly reduce malnutrition in Malawi.”  “We feel honored to have been part of the Tiwalere I project, and we look forward to continuing our impactful partnership with Feed the Children into this next phase,” said Steven J. Lund, Nu Skin executive chairman of the board. “Together, we can provide children in Malawi the food and nutrition they need as well as increased opportunities for learning, giving them hope for a brighter future.” “P&G is proud to continue our support for Feed the Children in this significant public-private partnership initiative,” said Allison Tummon Kamphuis, leader of the P&G Children’s Safe Drinking Water Program. “Clean water is an important factor to address malnutrition and poverty and we believe that the Tiwalere II project will help transform the lives of children and families in Malawi.” About Feed the Children Established in 1979, Feed the Children exists to defeat hunger. It is one of the largest U.S.-based charities and serves those in need in the U.S. and in 10 countries around the world. It provides food, education, essentials and disaster response. Domestically, it operates five distribution centers (located in Oklahoma, Indiana, California, Tennessee and Pennsylvania). In fiscal year 2016, through its domestic and international programs, Feed the Children distributed 105 million pounds of food and essentials worldwide with a total value of $415 million, working with partner agencies to benefit 5.9 million people globally. It is accredited by GuideStar Exchange, the BBB Wise Giving Alliance and is rated by Charity Navigator. Visit www.feedthechildren.org for more information.   SOURCE Feed the Children CategoriesUncategorized TagsChildren, Corporate Social Responsibility, defeat, Education, Food and Beverage, Health, Not For Profit, private, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Enter Les Dames d’Escoffier International’s 2017 M.F.K. Fisher Awards Contest Next PostNext Bayer and LibertyLink Soybeans Help Protect Hearts in America’s Heartland Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Equipment | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers HARTMANN Group to Acquire P&G Incontinence Brand in Spain/Portugal HEIDENDHEIM, Germany, March 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Acquisition set to place HARTMANN as one of the leading adult incontinence product providers in the region The HARTMANN GROUP, a leading international supplier of medical and hygiene products, announced today it plans to acquire Procter & Gamble's Lindor -- one of the most well-known adult incontinence brands in the Spain and Portugal professional channel. The transaction seeks to take place by end of second quarter of fiscal year 2017 and is subject to approval by local antitrust authorities.   As part of the agreement, HARTMANN is slated to obtain all P&G assets associated with the Lindor product portfolio (Lindor, Salvacamas, Lindor Care, Lindor Pants), Intellectual Property, contracts with employees, as well as a 25,000-square metre manufacturing facility in Montornés, Spain. Boosting HARTMANN's profile in the region  The acquisition will position HARTMANN as one of the leading suppliers for adult incontinence products in Spain and Portugal. "With this acquisition, HARTMANN will become a major player in the adult incontinence market in Spain and Portugal," said HARTMANN CEO Andreas Joehle. "It will further expand our local expertise in the incontinence market while giving us an opportunity to achieve synergies on a group level when it comes to operations, production and our supply chain."  According to Andreas Joehle, the move positions HARTMANN to create cross-selling opportunities and strengthen market access to wholesalers, pharmacies, and GPs thanks to Lindor sales volume and brand awareness. In fiscal year 2015-2016, Lindor had sales of over €75 million. The majority of the company's sales come via the pharmacy channel, while a smaller amount can be attributed to institutions, such as hospitals and nursing homes.   Aging populations and incontinence Spain and Portugal HARTMANN will continue to target the growing nursing home channel with more cost-efficient solutions that bring practical value to both caregivers and patients. The regional team will focus on reimbursed homecare products combined with an up-and-cross-selling approach through the pharmacy. In 2016, a study conducted by Spain's National Statistics office found that the percentage of the population aged 65 and over, is currently at 18.7 percent, it would reach 25.6 percent in 2031 and 34.6 percent in 2066. "Eighty percent of all people in nursing homes are incontinent," said Marc Perez, regional director Western Europe of HARTMANN GROUP. "When we look specifically at Spain, these numbers are also at 80 percent. Adapting and anticipating the impact of demographic change in combination with rising rates of chronic conditions and shrinking healthcare systems has positioned us well for this strategic buy." For the latest healthcare industry insights from HARTMANN leadership and more, visit New Perspectives or follow @HARTMANN_GROUP on Twitter. To learn more about the HARTMANN GROUP, visit: https://hartmann.info/ . Press contact: Philipp Hellmich PAUL HARTMANN AG Tel.:+49-173-479-4858 E-mail: philipp.hellmich@hartmann.info SOURCE PAUL HARTMANN AG More by this Source Modern Wound Management From HARTMANN: HydroClean® Plus the First Hydro-responsive Wound Dressing Ranked Among the Top Three Dressings Worldwide 13 Oct, 2016, 12:12 BST HydroClean® Plus Named 'Most Innovative New Dressing' at Journal of Wound Care Awards 2017 06 Mar, 2017, 10:31 GMT View all news by PAUL HARTMANN AG Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Sold by Main Street Research LLC March 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Main Street Research LLC decreased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 1.1% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 324,000 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3,522 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co makes up approximately 5.3% of Main Street Research LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its largest position. Main Street Research LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $27,242,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Evanson Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Evanson Asset Management LLC now owns 6,351 shares of the company’s stock valued at $570,000 after buying an additional 23 shares during the period. Laurel Grove Capital LLC boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.0% in the third quarter. Laurel Grove Capital LLC now owns 2,525 shares of the company’s stock valued at $227,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV now owns 6,747 shares of the company’s stock valued at $606,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. Mirador Capital Partners LP boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.6% in the second quarter. Mirador Capital Partners LP now owns 4,482 shares of the company’s stock valued at $385,000 after buying an additional 27 shares during the period. Finally, Hendley & Co. Inc. boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.4% in the second quarter. Hendley & Co. Inc. now owns 2,976 shares of the company’s stock valued at $252,000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 91.66 on Thursday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 1-year low of $79.10 and a 1-year high of $91.89. The company has a market capitalization of $234.33 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.79 and a beta of 0.64. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $88.07 and a 200-day moving average of $86.55. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The company earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.04 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Friday, January 20th were issued a dividend of $0.6695 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.92%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is currently 48.73%. “Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Sold by Main Street Research LLC” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/02/procter-gamble-co-pg-shares-sold-by-main-street-research-llc.html. Several research firms have recently weighed in on PG. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Saturday, November 26th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and decreased their price objective for the stock from $86.00 to $77.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Evercore ISI reiterated an “underweight” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Monday. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $90.70. In related news, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total transaction of $5,126,855.30. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 23,512 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $90.63, for a total transaction of $2,130,892.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133 over the last quarter. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Stock Alert Edgewell Personal Care: Cheap Buyout Candidate Pressure is rising in the industry to accelerate growth. Edgewell, with its popular brands, could find a suitor. By David Englander Biography March 1, 2017 6:00 a.m. ET Since it was separated out of Energizer in July 2015, shares of Edgewell Personal Care (ticker: EPC) have languished. The stock, at a recent $73.83, sits 20% below where it traded on the first day of its independence. Business conditions have been difficult for Edgewell, as they have been for the entire consumer goods industry. Slow-growing... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Newsletters Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost WOMEN 03/03/2017 04:30 pm ET Ad Proves That Challenging Sexist Gender Roles Is No Longer Radical 👏 👏 👏 👏 👏 By Alanna Vagianos 260 “A gender-equal world is a better world for all.” That’s the tagline ― and truism ― of Procter & Gamble’s (P&G) new women’s empowerment campaign #WeSeeEqual. The campaign’s mission is to spark conversations around gender equality through a series of advertisements. The first spot was released Thursday and falls in line with some of the company’s past “femvertising” campaigns like Secret’s “Stress Test” ads and Always’ “Like A Girl” campaign.  The short clip shows different shots of people living their lives in ways that push back on stereotypical gender roles. Viewers see a young girl doing a science experiment; a man crying while hugging his daughters; a father changing his baby’s diaper; a working mother coming home to her daughter. After each shot a sentence flashes on screen to remind viewers that gender roles are meaningless: “Science doesn’t care who studies it,” and “Tears don’t care who cry them.” The last shot shows a woman from one of Secret’s Stress Test ads hyping herself up to ask her boss for a raise. “Equal pay doesn’t care who demands it,” the screen reads.  According to a P&G press release, the company hopes the spot will create more conversations about equality: “#WeSeeEqual is our way of sharing our vision and challenging those around us to consider their own gender biases ― conscious or unconscious ― and take steps to correct negative or outdated stereotypes that are weighing us down.”  This Women’s History Month, remember that we have the power to make history every day. Follow along with HuffPost on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram in March using #WeMakeHerstory. ALSO ON HUFFPOST Suggest a correction Alanna Vagianos Women's Editor, The Huffington Post MORE: U.S. News Arts And Entertainment Politics Women's History Month Online Advertising CONVERSATIONS Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW TRUMP'S FIRST 100 DAYS How will Donald Trump’s first 100 days impact YOU? Subscribe, choose the community that you most identify with or want to learn more about and we’ll send you the news that matters most once a week throughout Trump’s first 100 days in office. Learn more Newsletter 1.89 M 331 K 472 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Ad Proves That Challenging Sexist Gender Roles Is No Longer Radical 260 NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost MultiCultural/HPMG News
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Accountability and Trust in the Ad Ecosystem: How Platforms Can Help By Tim Mahlman - just now Array 0 Five Takeaways From Mobile World Congress 2017 By Ben Phillips - 13 minutes ago Array 0 Time's Running Out to Apply for Ad Age's 40 Under 40 2 hours ago Array 0 Flush With Growth, Corona Owner Continues Growing Ad Spend By E.J. Schultz - 2 hours ago Array 0 Video: VML's Jon Cook Says Shops Must Refocus on 'North Star' 2 hours ago Array 0 Flush With Growth, Corona Owner Continues Growing Ad Spend By E.J. Schultz - 2 hours ago 0 Snapchat's 42 Million NFL Viewers Were Big Part in IPO Path By Garett Sloane - 17 hours ago 0 MTV and Viacom Join the ANA's #SeeHer Initiative With Campaign for Women's History Month By Ann-Christine Diaz - 19 hours ago 0 The Inept Teachers of 'Those Who Can't' Have Competition, Says D.C. Outdoor Ad By Ann-Christine Diaz - 19 hours ago 0 P&G's Pritchard Blasts Objections to His Digital Demands as 'Head Fakes' By Jack Neff - 23 hours ago 0 A Mom, Son and Daughter All Vie For Attention of Sexy Pool Man in Coke Spot By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Kohl's and Under Armour: Behind the Biggest Brand Launch in Kohl's History By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 days ago 0 P&G's Pritchard Blasts Objections to His Digital Demands as 'Head Fakes' By Jack Neff - 23 hours ago 0 Watch: The Video of 'Ashamed' Uber CEO That Has Him Apologizing (Again) By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Pizza Hut's New Ordering Ease: Pushing a Button on a Pair of Pie Top Shoes By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US DigitalNext Accountability and Trust in the Ad Ecosystem: How Platforms Can Help By Tim Mahlman. Published on March 03, 2017. Credit: fotosipsak/iStock Most Popular The ad ecosystem has always been built on a sense of "cautious trust." This created a system where platforms largely operated in silos and the information shared with advertisers -- whether it be campaign, inventory or audience data -- was guarded. However, that system began to fall apart last year. Here's why. Ad fraud and viewability. Last year, a wave of endemic bot fraud cheated advertisers of more than $7 billion dollars. Similarly, viewability -- the degree in which an end-user actually sees an ad -- is a growing concern. Google has said that nearly 60% of its ads are not seen. And viewability can vary wildly among individual media sellers. Measurement miscalculations. Facebook's recent struggles with measurement have only fueled longstanding concerns. It was, in the words of Unilever's chief marketing officer, as if Facebook was being left to "mark their own homework." As a major player in the media-buying supply chain, a miscalculation on Facebook's part has an industry-wide impact on advertiser perceptions, who risk losing faith in campaign value. Desire for data. According to eMarketer, although data-driven marketing is "virtually universal," more advertisers are relying on third-party data, and they want greater insight into cross-channel/device measurement to understand campaign success. Data access and openness are fundamental in today's landscape. This is why brands are investing more in data collection and analytics. They are eager to have access to more pipes and sources. This desire for greater transparency is partly why Snapchat, which offers very limited data insight, gives some advertisers pause. Advertisers want and deserve deeper insight into how agency and technology partners are acting on their behalf; they want to know how their money is being spent. Proctor & Gamble, the world's biggest advertiser, recently announced that it will review all media agency contracts this year. P&G's goal: to extract broader transparency and data from what the company has called "murky" agency and publisher relationships. And other advertisers are following P&G's lead. So, what can the ecosystem do to course-correct? Technology platforms, given our position as both ad-buying and ad-selling facilitators, are particularly well positioned to deliver on increased calls for transparency and accountability. But that requires shifting away from the traditional "walled garden" model of digital advertising and embracing a more open and flexible approach. Here's how. Build open technology. Open technology will unlock greater transparency in the advertising ecosystem. According to Gartner, there are more than 2,000 "significant" platforms in the ad tech landscape. Even with consolidation, successful technology services on both the buy and sell-side need to be vendor and media-agnostic. They must be designed to be open and flexible -- capable of integrating with hundreds of popular third-party services and sources that fit into the larger advertising supply chain. The desire to be a "walled garden" will, of course, continue to exist. But the problem for advertisers is that walled gardens allow their partners to "grade their own homework," often obfuscating ROI and data. Embrace third-party verification. Third-party verification is quickly becoming standard protocol in digital advertising, and technology platforms need to proactively embrace this shift as the cost of doing business. A survey by the Association of Advertisers, for instance, revealed that 97% of advertisers want independent measurement of their media buys from third-party companies like Moat, DoubleVerify and ComScore. Advertisers are now choosing who they work with, based on whether or not they will allow independent verification. This matters not just for viewability and ad fraud, but also for general attribution and campaign success. For years, Facebook has slow-walked these demands. But that changed in 2016, with Facebook's well-publicized ad measurement woes and its recent announcement that it will be audited by the Media Rating Council to verify ad measurement accuracy. Be transparent (Duh). Programmatic ad tech has quickly become the backbone of internet advertising. Per eMarketer, programmatic ad spend in the U.S. alone has grown more than 72% over the last three-year period. For advertisers, automated buys versus direct sales has allowed for smarter, more efficient data-driven transactions. However, even with its considerable benefits, many advertisers continue to cite transparency challenges across programmatic environments. With programmatic technology so deeply embedded in the ad supply chain, vendors offering solutions need to ensure "well-lit" auctions for their customers. This means delivering greater transparency across the programmatic lifecycle -- being upfront about demand sources, fees, CPMs, bids and attribution. As programmatic technology becomes table stakes, vendors can dramatically influence and raise the degree of transparency and accountability across the overall ecosystem. The industry's cautious trust has always been fragile, but the crisis of confidence will only generate a new era of transparent and accountable digital advertising, with vendors leading the charge. While the "black box" era is dying, the future is bright. In this article: Ad Tech DigitalNext Media Tim Mahlman Tim Mahlman is president of AOL Platforms. Follow View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Singapore Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Business Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Malaysia Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Asia Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history World Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Forum Services Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing Founders' stories etch out school's history Singapore's grand old dames Malaysian cops warn of new parcel scam This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Barbie Hsu passes out from heart condition: 'My husband saved my life' US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test OCBC joins home loans war among local banks Business Lucy Handley CNBC Friday, Mar 3, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Tags equality Business Business Procter and Gamble's latest push for equal pay is an ad to a feminist soundtrack CNBC | Lucy Handley | Friday, Mar 3, 2017 Lucy Handley CNBC Friday, Mar 3, 2017 Procter & Gamble, one of the world's highest-spending advertisers, has released an ad ahead of International Women's Day on March 8, in its latest gender equality initiative. The "#WeSeeEqual" ad, made up of a montage of scenes showing men, women and children in everyday situations, is interspersed with text, such as "Hugs don't care who give them," and "Equations don't care who solve them." It finishes with a woman telling a younger co-worker "Do it," with the line "Equal pay doesn't care who demands it." The spot, made by agency Badger & Winters, is set to rock band 4 Non Blondes' song "What's Up," which includes the lyrics: "Twenty-five years and my life is still, trying to get that great big hill of hope, for a destination. I realised quickly when I knew I should, that the world is made up of this brotherhood of man." P&G launched its first annual citizenship report in 2016, outlining its aspirations to build "a world free from gender bias," including initiatives such as "Share the Load" for its Ariel laundry brand in India, where it claims that 70 per cent of men think household chores are women's work. At last year's International Women's Day, P&G hosted a panel discussion on unconscious bias, where chief brand officer Marc Pritchard stated: "What you have to do is make it conscious…We can't gloss over it. You've got to dig a little deeper if you're going to address it." Rival consumer goods company Unilever has also launched initiatives to tackle sexism. Its "#Unstereotype" campaign started in June 2016, aiming to make sure its brands, which include Axe deodorant and Dove soap, avoid stereotypes in advertising. Unilever also used the World Economic Forum in Davos in January to urge senior leaders to challenge gender bias at work. Sign up for our e-newsletter now! Get all the latest news, lifestyle and trending stories, delivered to your inbox! Name Email Address I have read and accept the Privacy Policy Please wait No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. follow us SHOPPING Stay tuned to WomansTalk every Tuesday & Thursday! Super Auction Q!! Over 100 deals fr. $1! Bid now! Get Your iPhone & Accessories at Attractive Prices Power Up Your Luck with These Accessories Today! About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search P&G's Pritchard Blasts Objections to His Digital Demands as 'Head Fakes' By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago Array 0 Anonymous Signs Muller, Diaz Joins O Positive By Alexandra Jardine - 1 hour ago Array 0 NBCU Commits to $1 Billion in Ad Deals That Move Beyond Nielsen Guarantees By Jeanine Poggi - 2 hours ago Array 0 A Mom, Son and Daughter All Vie For Attention of Sexy Pool Man in Coke Spot By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago Array 0 How Mattress Firm's New CMO Plans to Wake Up the Sleep Biz By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 4 hours ago Array 0 P&G's Pritchard Blasts Objections to His Digital Demands as 'Head Fakes' By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago 0 NBCU Commits to $1 Billion in Ad Deals That Move Beyond Nielsen Guarantees By Jeanine Poggi - 2 hours ago 0 A Mom, Son and Daughter All Vie For Attention of Sexy Pool Man in Coke Spot By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago 0 The Brawny Man Gets Replaced With a Woman for Women's History Month By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 See P&G's New Gender-Equality Corporate Branding Campaign By Jack Neff - 11 hours ago 0 Kohl's and Under Armour: Behind the Biggest Brand Launch in Kohl's History By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 McDonald's Steps Up Sustainable Fish Message in Time for Lent By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Watch: The Video of 'Ashamed' Uber CEO That Has Him Apologizing (Again) By Simon Dumenco - 22 hours ago 0 YouTube TV Arrives to Take on Hulu, Netflix and Traditional Pay Television By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Watch Jon Stewart Barge in on Colbert's Desk to Counsel the Media Over Its 'Breakup' With Trump By Simon Dumenco - February 2016 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US P&G's Pritchard Blasts Objections to His Digital Demands as 'Head Fakes' By Jack Neff. Published on March 02, 2017. Marc Pritchard speaks at IAB Annual Leadership Meeting earlier this year. Credit: IAB Most Popular Since he laid down the law for digital-media players at an Interactive Advertising Bureau conference in January to straighten out their mess or stop getting his company's media dollars, Procter & Gamble Co. Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard has heard plenty of reasons why his demands aren't reasonable. He has a common description of all these objections – "head fakes." In a follow-up speech to the Association of National Advertisers Media Conference in Orlando on Thursday, and a pre-speech interview with Ad Age, Mr. Pritchard said nothing has changed his mind. So if Snapchat, Google, Facebook or any other platform can't reliably deliver third-party, Media Rating Council-accredited measurement of ad viewability, or adopt safeguards against fraudulent traffic or inappropriate content by the end of this year, he remains fully prepared to stop spending money on them. "We will vote with our dollars," Mr. Pritchard said in an interview Wednesday. While digital platforms have "assembled huge audiences," there are also more choices for media dollars than ever, he said, including on TV, where he's noted even digital startups or Google itself spending considerable money. In his ANA speech, Mr. Pritchard outlined the "head fakes," or objections, he's encountered on all the points from his IAB speech. "We've seen and followed all the head fakes," he said. "But we're not taking them anymore." Among those are arguments that digital platforms need time to sort through measurements and safeguards for their highly complex offerings. But he noted that P&G has given them nearly a year, and that if they can't address everything in time, they need to focus on verifying viewability, reach and frequency for the most used formats first. "We are encouraged by the recent progress announced by the big players – Facebook and Google – and what we've heard from several others," Mr. Pritchard said. "But let's also be clear that the announcements indicate intention and work in progress. It's not enough until the verification and audits are actually implemented. We've been more than patient, because we made these requests nearly a year ago. So we need urgent completion, because then we can get to the more important work of understanding the value we're getting." In his opening talk to the Media Conference, which had record registrations of nearly 500, ANA CEO Bob Liodice noted that only 40% of digital ad spending today actually reaches the consumer -- or the publishers that serve ads to them, with the rest being taken by middle players in the supply chain, something he called "awful." The ANA wants to get that number to 70% he said. A spokesman noted that the group's board last month held an unprecedented meeting with digital heavyweights Facebook and Google to make progress on measurement accreditation. Related Stories P&G Tells Digital to Clean Up, Lays Down New Rules for Agencies and Ad Tech to Get Paid Premium Publishers Tell P&G's Pritchard They Can Solve His Digital Ad Problems P&G Rallies Marketers to Fix Digital Ads, but Who Will Follow? Six Broader Questions in Light of P&G's Digital Advertising Ultimatum Study: CPG Now Spends More on Digital Than Traditional Ads, but Shoppers Doubt They Work Billboards Call Out P&G's Top Marketer as He Fights Digital Ad Fakery: 'Hey Marc, This Ad Is Real.' One objection Mr. Pritchard noted comes more from marketers and media agencies that the MRC's digital viewability standard – which calls for at least 50% of an ad show up for at least a second for display ads and two seconds for video – isn't good enough. Mr. Pritchard acknowledged it's minimalist, adding: "That's exactly what we need and want." Viewability means "opportunity to see," Mr. Pritchard said, but has been confused with "fully viewed, was recalled, was effective, made an impact, paid attention, delivered ROI and others. …It's really not different than the baseline guarantees TV networks, magazine and outdoor advertisers have given us for years." He similarly dismissed the "my platform is different" objection from digital players. "It is a choice for a publisher to design a different platform," he said. "But the differences are not a reason to tolerate the complexity of having a different minimum standard to measure." He likewise dismissed the "It's not designed for mobile" objection, noting that mobile technology providers already had their chance to contribute to the MRC studies. To the objection that insisting on MRC viewability will cost more, Mr. Pritchard said that's a choice P&G is willing to deal with if it allows better evaluating media investments. Mr. Pritchard also rejected a host of "head fakes" against requiring MRC-accredited third-party verification. He called privacy concerns from platforms about first-party data "understandable." But he said: "We don't want any private data. We just want to know whether we got what we paid for." Mr. Pritchard also detailed objections around efforts to ensure all media rebates to agencies get passed through to P&G, and that all media dollars go to pay for media rather than "float" or arbitrage profits made by agencies as part of a transaction. One "head fake," he said, is the argument that agencies are complying with their contracts. "Correct," he said. "But we're now changing the contract to include specific provisions specifying that all rebates – including any that occur at the holding-company level – are paid to us." Likewise, he noted arguments that contracts have had no provision against using money as float. "Correct," he said. "But we're now changing the contract to stipulate that the money we pay must be directly and only used for the media we want purchased." He dismissed arguments that procurement is making egregious financial demands. "Give me a break," he said. "Procurement, or Purchases at P&G, is a valued resource and expert partner on supply chains that we rely upon to help us, the marketers, to make decisions on fees, work scope, payment terms and contract terms. In the end, procurement is not the problem or an excuse. The buck stops with the marketers who make the decisions." Media-agency relations have become frayed by "too much complexity, murkiness and waste in the supply chain that all of us have had a hand in creating," Mr. Pritchard said. Simplifying things, he said, will help "will help us get back to the true partnership we had with agencies in the past" with both sides working to create value for themselves "and most important – for consumers." One reason progress has been slow, particularly on digital measurement, is that CMOs often "simply aren't sure what to do," he said. "I confess that I was in this camp until I started digging into the details, and learned a valuable lesson – media transparency cannot be delegated. The CMO needs to lead and get into the weeds, set the expectations, follow through, and be willing to break some furniture." He pointed to the ANA's CMO Masters Circle – a peer-to-peer working group in which marketing leaders share best practices and get up to speed on emerging industry issues – as something that can help there. In this article: Ad Tech Agencies Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Digital Digital Video Media Mobile Programmatic TV Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Companies, Cities Receive Climate Leadership Awards for Reducing their Carbon Impact Companies, Cities Receive Climate Leadership Awards for Reducing their Carbon Impact Posted on March 2, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Bank of America, Clif Bar, Dallas Fort Worth International Airport, Gap, Goldman Sachs, IBM, Lockheed Martin, NRG Energy, Procter & Gamble, and the U.S. Postal Service are recognized for addressing greenhouse gas emissions. Also honored: Atlanta and San Mateo County, Calif., partnerships, JetBlue Sustainability Director Sophia Mendelsohn, Atlanta Director of Climate Policies Dr. Jairo Garcia and California Assemblymember Eduardo Garcia. Chicago, Illinois (PRWEB) March 02, 2017 For Immediate Release Ten companies and organizations, two partnerships, and three individuals today will receive 2017 Climate Leadership Awards for their accomplishments in reducing greenhouses gas emissions and addressing climate change. The awards, now in their sixth year, are a partnership program of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions, and The Climate Registry. The awards are being presented this evening at the 2017 Climate Leadership Conference in Chicago. This year’s awardees represent a wide array of industries including finance, consumer products, retail, aviation, and technology, plus federal and local government. Awardees have demonstrated leadership in setting and achieving goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by improving energy efficiency, expanding use of clean energy, and working with partners, suppliers, and employees. Six of the 2017 awardees were also recognized in past years: Bank of America, Dallas Fort Worth International Airport, Gap, IBM, Lockheed Martin, and the U.S. Postal Service. “Business and community leaders understand both the risks of climate impacts and the opportunities of a clean energy economy,” said Bob Perciasepe, president of the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions (C2ES). “This year’s Climate Leadership Award winners are helping lead the way to a more sustainable future. We hope their accomplishments will spur others to examine their practices and follow their example.” “The Climate Registry applauds the 2017 Climate Leadership Award winners for their outstanding dedication to reducing their carbon footprint,” said David Rosenheim, executive director of The Climate Registry. “These organizations and individuals are part of an incredibly important group of leaders who are accelerating the shift to a more sustainable future. We hope that their ability to bring about change will inspire and empower others to act.” The 2017 Climate Leadership Award recipients are: Organizational Leadership Award (5) Dallas Fort Worth International Airport (DFW Airport, Texas) The airport buys energy credits for 100 percent of its energy use, generates on-site solar energy, and uses compressed natural gas and hybrid-electric ground vehicles. The Goldman Sachs Group (New York, N.Y.) Goldman Sachs achieved carbon neutrality across operations and business travel in 2015 and has pledged to maintain it through energy efficiency and renewable energy. It also invested nearly $12 billion in the clean energy sector in 2015, and has deployed more than $65 billion since 2006. IBM (Armonk, N.Y.) IBM is reducing its emissions through energy efficiency, renewable energy, and an enterprise-wide IT system to analyze energy and water use. It requires suppliers to have an Environmental Management System, inventory their energy use and emissions, establish reduction plans, and publicly report their results. Lockheed Martin Corporation (Bethesda, Md.) The company reduced greenhouse gas emissions 23 percent from 2010 to 2015 and has a reduction goal of 35 percent by 2020 through efficiency and renewable energy projects. It has conducted supplier sustainability assessments for 166 of its suppliers. Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, Ohio) P&G has reduced truck transportation 25 percent and is increasing its use of renewables to work toward its goal of reducing its global greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent from 2010 to 2020. Its employees have taken steps that have contributed to $20 million in local energy savings. Supply Chain Leadership Award (2) Clif Bar & Company (Emeryville, Calif.) The company, which powers its facilities with 100 percent green electricity, is one quarter of the way toward its 2020 goal of having 50 supply chain facilities source at least half of the electricity used on Clif Bar’s behalf with green power. Clif Bar offers suppliers free consulting on renewable energy procurement and finance. United States Postal Service (Washington, D.C.) USPS recognizes suppliers with green business practices and requires potential suppliers to submit a detailed sustainability plan. It seeks to increase water and energy efficiency, encourage the use of alternative fuels, and buy environmentally-preferred products. Individual Leadership Award (3) Assemblymember Eduardo Garcia, California State Assembly (Sacramento, Calif.) Assemblymember Garcia engaged his district and other low-income and inland communities on the challenges and issues associated with addressing climate change. By bridging the gap between environmental justice, business, faith, labor, and other stakeholder communities, he has ensured state climate activities will provide more benefits to and investments in low-income communities. Dr. Jairo Garcia, Director Climate Policies and Renewables, City of Atlanta Dr. Garcia develops and oversees municipal and citywide sustainability initiatives to reduce emissions through energy and water consumption, renewables, waste management, and urban agriculture. His efforts have led to regular reporting of greenhouse gas emissions and the installation of solar PV panels in 24 city-owned facilities. After leading the development of the city’s unanimously adopted climate action plan, he is working on a city resilience plan. Ms. Sophia Mendelsohn, Director of Sustainability, JetBlue Airways (Long Island City, N.Y.) Ms. Mendelsohn helped conceive, negotiate, and execute a 10-year binding agreement for 330 million gallons of renewable jet fuel, one of the largest biofuel purchase agreements in aviation history. She has worked with JetBlue’s crewmembers to identify opportunities for emissions reductions by taking steps such as transitioning ground support equipment to electric vehicles and adjusting airplane idling time. Innovative Partnership Certificate (2) Atlanta Better Buildings Challenge (Atlanta, Ga.) The challenge is a large-scale energy efficiency program working with more than 570 local buildings totaling over 110 million square feet. The challenge has reduced energy consumption 17 percent and water consumption 20 percent from 2009 levels. The challenge, which has produced a guide for cities considering similar voluntary programs, has created or sustained 273 jobs and added $25.9 million to Atlanta’s gross regional product. San Mateo County Regionally Integrated Climate Action Planning Suite (RICAPS) Initiative (San Mateo, Calif.) This county-wide collaboration among government agencies aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 15 percent by 2020 and 40 percent by 2030 from a 2005 baseline. All member jurisdictions are drafting or have adopted climate action plans. County-wide energy use has been reduced by 26.5 million kWh annually since 2009. The program inventories emissions and provides support and advice on energy efficiency projects, small business outreach, building codes, EV charging, sustainable purchasing, water conservation, and more. Excellence in Greenhouse Gas Management/Goal Achievement Award (2) Bank of America (Charlotte, N.C.) Through thousands of energy efficiency projects, Bank of America has reduced greenhouse gas emissions from its global operations 37 percent from 2010 through 2015, more than twice its goal. By installing LED lighting and occupancy sensors, decommissioning unneeded equipment, and optimizing HVAC controls, the company reduced emissions and saved more than $140 million since 2010. The Goldman Sachs Group (New York, N.Y.) In 2015, the company achieved carbon neutrality across its operations and business travel and has pledged to maintain it. Goldman Sachs reached its goal through renewable energy and energy efficiency measures and by supporting emissions reduction projects. Its energy-efficient building system upgrades resulted in significant energy and cost savings. Excellence in Greenhouse Gas Management/Goal Setting Certificate (3) Bank of America (Charlotte, N.C.) Bank of America, which has twice set and exceeded emissions reduction goals, has set a new goal to cut emissions from its global operations in half from 2010 levels by 2020 through increased energy efficiency at buildings and data centers. The company also set goals to purchase 100 percent renewable electricity, reduce energy use 40 percent, and maintain at least 20 percent LEED-certified space by 2020. Gap Inc. (San Francisco, Calif.) Gap Inc., which has twice set and exceeded emissions reduction goals, has set a new target to cut emissions in half from 2015 levels by the end of 2020. Gap plans to expand its energy usage tracking and efficiency initiatives in lighting and HVAC and explore on-site solar at its distribution centers. NRG Energy (Princeton, N.J.) NRG Energy has set a goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions for U.S. operations 50 percent between 2014 and 2030, and 90 percent by 2050. NRG plans to enhance power plant performance, capture and store carbon emissions from fossil-fired power plants; retrofit coal-fired power plants to accept natural gas; and deploy new renewable energy generation. Get more information on this year’s Climate Leadership Award winners. The Climate Leadership Conference, now in its sixth year, is organized by two nonprofit groups, The Climate Registry (TCR) and the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions (C2ES). This year's conference, March 1-3, features more than 60 speakers and 300 attendees. Learn more about the conference. — About C2ES: The Center for Climate and Energy Solutions (C2ES) is an independent, nonpartisan, nonprofit organization working to forge practical solutions to climate change. Our mission is to advance strong policy and action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, promote clean energy, and strengthen resilience to climate impacts. Learn more at http://www.c2es.org. About TCR: The Climate Registry is a non-profit organization governed by U.S. states and Canadian provinces and territories. We design and operate voluntary and compliance GHG reporting programs globally, and assist organizations in measuring, verifying and reporting the carbon in their operations so they can manage and reduce it. Established in 2007 as a 501 (c)(3), The Registry’s GHG accounting, verification, and carbon management tools and resources are utilized by hundreds of its members and partner organizations. Learn more at http://www.theclimateregistry.org. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/03/prweb14111815.htm Latest News X-Rite Acquires ColorCert Software Assets Full Spectrum Extracts as Nature Intended Hixny Receives Reaccreditation for Direct Messaging System Companies, Cities Receive Climate Leadership Awards for Reducing their Carbon Impact Wolf Trap Foundation Announces First Performances of Summer 2017 at Wolf Trap National Park for the Performing Arts Yoshiharu Cutlery Looks to Introduce SofViCK Alien Toy Figures with Funding Support via Kickstarter Plastec Blower Fans Available Now Through HVAC BRAIN Ancient and Epic Tales Receives Storytelling World Award Major, Lindsey & Africa Boosts Texas Partner Practice with the Addition of George J. Hittner Conversable Launches AQUA to Help Businesses Prioritize Customer Questions and Modify Bot Intelligence in Real-Time © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Tuesday, March 7, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search Is unlimited time off a trap? Could Trump and Emanuel find common ground? Can Lyric Opera survive the 21st century? Big savings. Painful lessons. In Medicaid revamp, Rauner tries to learn from other states Throw the bums out? Let the voters decide. Chicago's largest money managers by the numbers What have banks learned from the Wells Fargo fiasco? Matching skilled manufacturing workers and businesses CME's new chief is in a big, big hurry Rauner is right to seek an Rx for Medicaid × Is unlimited time off a trap? Could Trump and Emanuel find common ground? Can Lyric Opera survive the 21st century? Big savings. Painful lessons. In Medicaid revamp, Rauner tries to learn from other states Throw the bums out? Let the voters decide. Chicago's largest money managers by the numbers What have banks learned from the Wells Fargo fiasco? Matching skilled manufacturing workers and businesses CME's new chief is in a big, big hurry Rauner is right to seek an Rx for Medicaid × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move March 02, 2017 John Pletz on Tech The Innovators Kristi Zuhlke has big ideas—lots of 'em Kristi Zuhlke's idea for KnowledgeHound came to her in a product meeting when she worked as a marketer for Procter & Gamble's Gillette brand nearly a decade ago. "The GM asked, 'What percentage of men shave in the shower?' I said, 'I'm sure we know it.' So I started calling around, asking if we have this data. A week later, I came up empty-handed." Big companies spend millions of dollars every year on product research and market studies, which tend to live and die with the team or marketing campaign that needed them. "I call it corporate amnesia," she says. "People move within the company every two years. You're like, 'What do we know?' We don't know what we know, and we don't know what we don't know. It was a problem from the day I joined till the day I left." Zuhlke, 34, departed P&G in 2011 and moved from Boston to Chicago, where she started KnowledgeHound to make things easier for others in her former spot. The company's software pulls in consumer product research data and archives the information so it can be accessed later through a web-based search tool. The company has raised $4.2 million, including $2.9 million last fall. It quadrupled revenue last year, though she declines to disclose the exact amount, and grew to 17 employees. KnowledgeHound just added ride-hailing service Lyft to a roster of mostly Fortune 500 customers, including Clorox, Whirlpool, Weber and P&G, which pay $75,000 to the high six figures annually to use the software. "She has a solid background and lots of experience from her time at P&G, which informs her decisions and strategy much more effectively than someone who was just a technologist trying to solve the problem from outside the business," says 1871 CEO Howard Tullman, an investor in the company. Zuhlke says a team at one large client was trying to figure out if it could eliminate a part in a product. "They wanted to know, 'What percentage of people use our cap to measure dosage?' " Zuhlke says. "So they pulled up KnowledgeHound, typed in a question, had the answer and made the decision." It's no accident that Zuhlke tackled the problem by building a company. Growing up in Oregon, Wis., near Madison, she carried around a notebook in high school that she dubbed her "Book of Business Ideas." In addition to KnowledgeHound, she turned two of the ideas into businesses: a video-rental operation she ran in college at Xavier University in Cincinnati and a smartphone app to assess moles for skin cancer that she sold in 2011 for an undisclosed price. "My dad grew up on a farm, and we went there all the time growing up," she says. "I can't imagine a harder entrepreneurial job." She's been working on Volume II of her Book of Business Ideas since 2008. Among the newest ones: tattoos that disappear in six months. "I'm sure I'll start another business," she says.... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search P&G's Pritchard Blasts Objections to His Digital Demands as 'Head Fakes' By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago Array 0 Anonymous Signs Muller, Diaz Joins O Positive By Alexandra Jardine - 1 hour ago Array 0 NBCU Commits to $1 Billion in Ad Deals That Move Beyond Nielsen Guarantees By Jeanine Poggi - 2 hours ago Array 0 A Mom, Son and Daughter All Vie For Attention of Sexy Pool Man in Coke Spot By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago Array 0 How Mattress Firm's New CMO Plans to Wake Up the Sleep Biz By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 4 hours ago Array 0 P&G's Pritchard Blasts Objections to His Digital Demands as 'Head Fakes' By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago 0 NBCU Commits to $1 Billion in Ad Deals That Move Beyond Nielsen Guarantees By Jeanine Poggi - 2 hours ago 0 A Mom, Son and Daughter All Vie For Attention of Sexy Pool Man in Coke Spot By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago 0 The Brawny Man Gets Replaced With a Woman for Women's History Month By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 See P&G's New Gender-Equality Corporate Branding Campaign By Jack Neff - 11 hours ago 0 Kohl's and Under Armour: Behind the Biggest Brand Launch in Kohl's History By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 McDonald's Steps Up Sustainable Fish Message in Time for Lent By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Watch: The Video of 'Ashamed' Uber CEO That Has Him Apologizing (Again) By Simon Dumenco - 22 hours ago 0 YouTube TV Arrives to Take on Hulu, Netflix and Traditional Pay Television By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Watch Jon Stewart Barge in on Colbert's Desk to Counsel the Media Over Its 'Breakup' With Trump By Simon Dumenco - February 2016 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Anonymous Signs Muller, Diaz Joins O Positive By Alexandra Jardine. Published on March 02, 2017. Sophie Muller Credit: Anonymous Content Most Popular Anonymous Content has signed filmmaker Sophie Muller to its roster. Muller has worked on ads for brands such as Reebok, MasterCard, Procter & Gamble, Lexus, and L'Oreal. She is also a music director, and has had a creative partnership with Gwen Stefani for more than a decade, as well as working with Beyoncé, Rihanna, Beck, Shakira, Coldplay, Selena Gomez, Annie Lennox, Sade and the Kills. In 2016 she collaborated with Target to direct the first-ever live music video commercial, "Make Me Like You," by Gwen Stefani, during the 2016 Grammy Awards. The project won awards including a Cannes Lion, two AICP awards, and a Ciclope Award. Jun Diaz Credit: O Positive O Positive Films has signed filmmaker Jun Diaz for commercials and content. His work includes the Cannes Lion-winning Twix #TBT campaign via BBDO New York. He has also directed for Converse, eBay, Heineken, MasterCard and Yahoo. Diaz began his career in film as an editor, first in long form where his credits include the documentary "The Kid Stays in the Picture" and later as a commercials editor at MacKenzie Cutler in New York. He signed with Smuggler as a director in 2008. In addition to commercials, he is researching a documentary about the 1964 Olympics in Japan and developing a project for VR, a series he co-wrote around Dickens' "A Christmas Carol." Daniel Sheppard Credit: Partners Film Toronto-based Partners Film has added Director Daniel Sheppard to its roster for Canadian representation. Sheppard began his creative career writing and directing at agencies in Nebraska, New York and Los Angeles. His commercial work includes directing for clients such as Advil, Boston Pizza, Wendy's, Canadian Tire, Walmart and Ford. Believe Media has signed French directing duo Michel+Nico, in their first venture into commercial representation outside France, where they are represented by Bandit. Their recent work includes "The Honest Player," a short film for Gillette and Grey London featuring international rugby star George North, and a spot for Mercedes featuring a surfer. Both directors are former rugby players themselves. Their directing career began just three years ago, when they taught themselves to film and edit short films and documentaries. They have since worked for the likes of Orange TV, Red Bull TV, Eurosport and several professional sports teams. Robert Schober Credit: The Uprising Creative Los Angeles and Chicago-based studio The Uprising Creative has added Robert Schober (Roboshobo) to its directorial roster. Schober has helmed campaigns for brands like Google, Microsoft, Dell, Asus and Nest, and worked on music projects with artists such as Metallica, Green Day, The Killers, Jennifer Hudson and Devo. The Coles Credit: Hey Wonderful Directing duo The Coles has signed with RSA's Hey Wonderful for commercial representation. The duo, siblings Sophie and Walker, count spec commercials for Fiat, Nike and Evian among their portfolio, and have recently wrapped production on a client-direct online film. . Michael Gregory Credit: MPC LA MPC L.A. has promoted VFX Supervisor Michael Gregory to VFX creative director. Gregory's credits include the Cannes Craft Grand Prix-winning "Meet the Superhumans" Paralympics spot for Channel 4, as well as spots for Nike, Samsung, Atari and State Farm. He also steered effects on the Rolling Stone's latest music video "Ride 'Em on Down" and has worked with top directors including Mark Romanek, Wayne McClammy, Adam Berg, Johnny Hardstaff and Francois Rousselet. Gregory moved to MPC's L.A. office in March after serving as head of 2D at MPC London. He'll work with fellow VFX Creative Director Rob Hodgson to lead MPC's advertising VFX division. Sophie Gold Credit: Quietman New York-based integrated production company Quietman has hired Sophie Gold as executive producer and partner. Most recently, she was executive producer and director of business development at Moondog, where she successfully built its production arm from the ground up and helped to establish its creative division. She brings with her directors Brendan Beachman, Justin Coit, and Gerald McMorrow. Dean Freeman Credit: CoMPANY Company Films has signed photographer and filmmaker Dean Freeman for commercials and branding work. Son of Beatles photographer Robert Freeman, Dean Freeman is probably best known for his "freestyle" images of David Beckham, members of the Spice Girls and a worldwide branding campaign (both stills and spots) for Haagen-Dazs. He has also photographed and directed branding campaigns for Coca-Cola, American Express, Lenor, Nivea, Bodyform and Zadig & Voltaire. In this article: Creativity Production Moves Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search P&G's Pritchard Blasts Objections to His Digital Demands as 'Head Fakes' By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago Array 0 Anonymous Signs Muller, Diaz Joins O Positive By Alexandra Jardine - 1 hour ago Array 0 NBCU Commits to $1 Billion in Ad Deals That Move Beyond Nielsen Guarantees By Jeanine Poggi - 2 hours ago Array 0 A Mom, Son and Daughter All Vie For Attention of Sexy Pool Man in Coke Spot By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago Array 0 How Mattress Firm's New CMO Plans to Wake Up the Sleep Biz By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 4 hours ago Array 0 P&G's Pritchard Blasts Objections to His Digital Demands as 'Head Fakes' By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago 0 NBCU Commits to $1 Billion in Ad Deals That Move Beyond Nielsen Guarantees By Jeanine Poggi - 2 hours ago 0 A Mom, Son and Daughter All Vie For Attention of Sexy Pool Man in Coke Spot By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago 0 The Brawny Man Gets Replaced With a Woman for Women's History Month By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 See P&G's New Gender-Equality Corporate Branding Campaign By Jack Neff - 11 hours ago 0 Kohl's and Under Armour: Behind the Biggest Brand Launch in Kohl's History By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 McDonald's Steps Up Sustainable Fish Message in Time for Lent By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Watch: The Video of 'Ashamed' Uber CEO That Has Him Apologizing (Again) By Simon Dumenco - 22 hours ago 0 YouTube TV Arrives to Take on Hulu, Netflix and Traditional Pay Television By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Watch Jon Stewart Barge in on Colbert's Desk to Counsel the Media Over Its 'Breakup' With Trump By Simon Dumenco - February 2016 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US See P&G's New Gender-Equality Corporate Branding Campaign By Jack Neff. Published on March 02, 2017. Most Popular Procter & Gamble Co. is tying its brands' efforts against gender bias together in a new corporate #WeSeeEqual digital campaign linked to International Women's Day coming March 8. And to back the effort, the world's biggest advertiser has tapped the small agency that successfully battled to change guidelines at Cannes to discourage juries from honoring ads that objectify women. Badger & Winters' own #WomenNotObjects campaign played a role in winning the assignment from P&G. But the corporate project started last year well before the agency's effort won a concession from the International Festival of Creativity last month to change judging guidelines. The agency also has worked as a design shop for P&G since 1998 on several brands, including with Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard years ago when he worked on CoverGirl, which was spun off last year to Coty. But this is its first advertising assignment from the company. Related Stories How the #WomenNotObjects Campaign Has Changed Badger & Winters Cannes Bans Gender Bias With Help from #WomenNotObjects Small Agency of the Year, Northeast, Silver: Badger & Winters Madonna Badger Asks Adland to Stand Up Against Objectification The Harrowing Story Behind Madonna Badger's Crusade to Stop Objectification of Women The #WomenNotObjects campaign is part of what led P&G to tap Badger & Winters for the project, Mr. Pritchard said in an interview. "We were pretty impressed," he said. "So we said let's see what she [Chief Creative Officer Madonna Badger] can do. And she and [agency President] Jim Winters did a fantastic job." The digital campaign, running both paid and through organic social-media sharing on YouTube, Facebook, Instagram and elsewhere, could ultimately move to TV and is expected to be a multi-year effort, Mr. Pritchard said. The initial video shows men, women, boys and girls defying gender stereotypes, using a mix footag that includes snippets from such brands as Always and Secret. The soundtrack from 4 Non Blondes' "What's Up" is interspersed with such text lines as "Hugs don't care who give them," "Butts don't care who kick them," and "Households don't care who head them." P&G brands including Pantene, SK-II, Ariel, Fairy and more have all done ads on gender equality themes in recent years, but Mr. Pritchard said it's also important to bring them together under the corporate umbrella. "We realized that because we are a leading company of brands, we can use our voice to express our point of view about gender equality," Mr. Pritchard said. "We believe the world should be free of gender bias. We should have equal representation of men and women. We should have equal voice of men and women. And this should be an opportunity on International Women's Day to put our point of view out there." It's not just about ads, but also about the work that P&G does elsewhere, said Ms. Badger, pointing to P&G's Children's Safe Drinking Water program, which includes sachets that draw on technology used in Tide to purify so far 11 billion gallons of water, saving women countless hours of grueling treks to carry water from uncontaminated sites. Fighting gender bias is "something P&G has been doing in a very genuine way for years, but this is wrapping it up into the corporate value system that I think will also inspire other brands in the house," Mr. Winters said. "They've been walking the walk for a long time and aren't inclined to shine a spotlight on themselves. A lot of companies shine the spotlight on themselves but aren't walking the walk." Mr. Pritchard said P&G now has 45% of managers and a third of its board who are women. "We still think there's more to do, because we think we should have equal representation at every level," he said. "But we think that when consumers know we're a company that does these things that it tends to help the brands too." He acknowledged that gender equality has become a more politically fraught issue since last year's presidential election, but he doesn't believe that makes it riskier to wrap corporate branding around it. "I think what might be happening is that there are more conversations about this now than there have been in a long time," Mr. Pritchard said. "I wouldn't say it's more difficult, but it's certainly timely." In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CMO Strategy CPG Creativity Digital Video Social Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Marketing What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View? Mar 02, 2017 Opinion North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Supports K@W's Marketing Content The idea of corporations publicly taking on political and social positions not long ago was considered verboten. Now it seems almost mainstream. Yet companies need to understand that how they present their beliefs is critical, notes Eric Solomon in this opinion piece. He is a brand strategy director for Google. Earlier, he was global director of brand strategy for Spotify, and prior to that head of brand strategy and insights for YouTube. And the Oscar Goes to … This week’s Oscars 2017 broadcast brought us two noteworthy moments. The first, of course, is the one that everyone is talking about: the impossible Hollywood ending that carried on longer than anyone could have imagined. The second moment was far more subtle, but at least for those of us in the ad world, almost as interesting. For the first time since 2010, The New York Times aired a television spot. Beautifully executed, the commercial takes a square aim at the “fake news” phenomenon that is consuming American politics today. The video itself builds with a chorus of opposing claims set in black text against a simple white background (e.g., “the truth is a woman should dress like a woman” vs. “the truth is women’s rights are human rights”), and builds to their poignant new tagline: “The truth is now more important than ever.” We are living during an unprecedented political age, so it’s no coincidence that The New York Times has chosen now to voice their strong point of view. But, they are by no means the only company taking a public stand on a burning issue – neither now, nor in the recent past. Taking a Stand, More Than Ever Having a dedicated point of view is something that defines some of the world’s most iconic, successful brands. This is a big part of what helps a brand differentiate itself from competition, and what helps to fill the gap between the products companies make and the emotional experience a brand idea can convey. For the past few years, it seems that more companies than ever are commenting directly on current social or political issues, communicating beliefs that extend far beyond internal sets of brand guidelines or values. We’ve seen Cheerios take a stand on racial issues and Honey Maid redefine the notion of what a wholesome family looks like. REI has closed their stores on Black Friday in the name of opting outside, and P&G is dedicated to getting people to think twice about what it means to do something “like a girl.” These examples are just the tip of the proverbial iceberg. “The election of a new administration raised … important issues around populism, immigration, tensions around race and gender and the overarching question of what it means to be an American.” Without a doubt, 2017 feels different. Regardless of one’s political persuasion, the election of a new administration has raised several important issues around populism, immigration, tensions around race and gender and the overarching question of what it means to be an American. The advertising industry has not kept silent on these and other issues, with several brands opting to spend significant budgets to express their points of view on big stages. Sponsored Content: During Super Bowl LI, for example, football fans were exposed to company beliefs in new and surprising ways. We saw Budweiser tell their story of an immigrant founder; Airbnb unleashed an ode to acceptance; and 84 Lumber, a building-supply company, paid nearly $15 million to air a 90-second story about an immigrant’s journey from Mexico to America, only after having Fox deem a version showing a border wall “too controversial.” (84 Lumber sent viewers to view the ‘complete’ version on their site.) Another interesting take came from Audi of America, who caused unexpected waves by taking a stand for gender equality in the American workplace. And if all that commentary felt a bit heavy-handed, Saturday Night Live offered a salve in the name of parody. When a Belief Is Called into Question Now, back to Audi. Crafted by San Francisco-based Venables Bell & Partners, the ad itself has earned accolades for its cinematic approach to storytelling. A handful of executives have praised Audi’s ad publicly for pushing back hard on gender stereotypes. However, much of the commentary around the ad is critical. The conversation has really caught fire on YouTube: There are over 130,000 comments on the video to date, 56% of which are negative.   Some of this criticism is due to the reality of Audi’s own executive team and board, which reflect a marked lack of diversity. According to some, this may have led to a feeling that Audi is attempting to align themselves politically with an important issue without having the appropriate substantiation for their claims. This is a difficult position for Audi because they have communicated a point of view – one that they’re very likely committed to – which they are now obligated to defend, loudly and publicly. If Audi fails to do that, this calls into question the veracity of their belief; if they succeed, this raises questions about how gender diversity will play out for the brand and company moving forward. “People expect companies to have a point of view on current cultural or political issues.” This example, along with The New York Times’ example and others, illuminates an even grander question: What does it mean for a brand to have a point of view? What do brands or companies need to do in order to comment on political or social issues, and how should they best manage expressions of those beliefs when faced with adversity? Here are a few guidelines for organizational leaders. Have a Belief System Businesses play a big role in our lives. The products we use or consume can be integral to the way that we experience the world, and one role of the brand is to express an emotional reason why we might use or consume one thing over another. It can help to convey that emotional value through what Viacom’s Ross Martin calls a belief system. In a recent talk, Martin defines a belief system as a “clarity of purpose that unites, inspires and catalyzes the power and potential” of a business. Sometimes this belief system is core to a company’s heritage (REI holds a firm commitment to the outdoors); in other instances, beliefs have to be shaped over time (for Honey Maid, wholesome has evolved to equal diversity). In an ideal world, a belief system should permeate everything a company does and says. But, the first action may be for an organization to take a step back and ask: What is our point of view, and how do we express it?  Embrace Authenticity People expect companies to have a point of view on current cultural or political issues. According to a 2014 study, around 75% of millennials believe that businesses should share a point of view about issues and should influence others to get involved in an issue. But people, especially younger people, can smell fakeness a mile away – and they aren’t afraid to call anyone out on it. Once a business develops and expresses a belief system, it must follow through on that point of view in a real, authentic way. Audi may believe that progress equals gender equality, but they need to commit to demonstrating how that belief connects the dots across all facets of their organization. Actions Are More Important Than Words Saying you believe in something is easy. Showing, unequivocally, that you believe something is much harder. During Super Bowl LI, we saw through advertising that Airbnb has a strong point of view about what acceptance means: “No matter who are you are, where you’re from, who you love, or who you worship, we all belong.” But #weaccept is an idea that is bigger than words on a screen. Airbnb is taking action by setting a goal to provide housing for 100,000 people in need, and they’re contributing $4 million to the International Rescue Committee to help support displaced populations globally. Those are actions that speak louder than words.  Prepare to Engage Having a point of view on something sometimes means defending it. There will always be people who oppose a position – that’s the nature of opinions. For companies, this translates to having an engagement strategy when their belief system is under scrutiny or attack. When Honey Maid underscored wholesome as inclusive of same-sex and interracial families, some people didn’t like it. The brand reacted to that opposition by physically turning that negativity in something positive. Honey Maid may have anticipated that taking a stand would elicit some backlash, so they devised a strategy to reinforce their point of view. Developing and maintaining a point of view is hard work for any organization. But we believe, when done well, it can fuel a major source of differentiation across a crowded, noisy landscape. As writer Elie Wiesel, once said: “The opposite of love is not hate, it’s indifference.” When companies or brands lack a clear point of view, the net effect can often feel a lot like indifference. [The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of Google.] [Photo credit: By Haxorjoe – Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?] Supports K@W's Marketing Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View?." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 02 March, 2017. Web. 07 March, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/mean-brand-point-view/> APA What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View?. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, March 02). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/mean-brand-point-view/ Chicago "What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View?" Knowledge@Wharton, March 02, 2017, accessed March 07, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/mean-brand-point-view/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Marketing How Will Corporate America’s New Political Boldness Affect Its Brands? Companies ranging from Budweiser to Airbnb took a political stand during this year’s Super Bowl through television ads. Will they alienate stakeholders? Public Policy Corporations and Politics: Shunning the Middle Road to Go Left or Right In a politically polarized country, corporations can no longer take the middle road on political issues, new research suggests. Sponsored Content For a Greener Supply Chain: Information Hospitals Can Actually Use With data sitting in thousands of unconnected spreadsheets, the challenge has now become how to incorporate it all into the purchasing process in the health care industry.   Join The Discussion 7 Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Eric — this is a terrific piece and I wholeheartedly agree with you that brands should have a point of view. I suggest one more guideline to your excellent list: Build on a foundation of emotional connection with your customers. The brands that have been able to express POVs effectively — Starbucks, Nike, Dove — have done so in part because they have already established an emotional connection with their customers and they use their values messages to further that connection. It seems more difficult for a brand to jump from a very rational, product-centric appeal to a strong social message without having already demonstrated customer empathy and establishing a level of trust and resonance with its customers — connections that are built over time. — denise lee yohn Jack Lichtenstein I hate to seem “old school,” but I look for the “very rational, product-centric appeal.” I am happy with any company that will provide me with a product or service that has the features I need, that does not need lines of disclaimers in their ads, and that will allow me to speak with a human when I need to. I have not seen many companies with points of view that are abhorrent, and so I don’t much care about their efforts to engage me with themes that are developed by teams of marketers to play on emotions and that are, in any case, completely irrelevant to my decision to purchase that good or service. In my professional life, I am a consultant in business and government policy. My clients are interested in my ability to provide sound advice. One of the last things any of them is interested in is whether my political or social beliefs align completely with theirs and make them feel good. In fact, I have to be able to provide them with unalloyed advice about the effects of their actions and stands on various issues (their actual policies and actions as opposed to those that appear in advertisements). For me, if a company provides a good product or service, does not lie or mislead in its communications, and otherwise treats its customers and others with respect, it is fulfilling its part of the social contract. Jack — thank you for your comment. It’s a good reminder that different approaches resonate with different customers — further, it makes me realize I should have clarified that a company must offer a good product and value to customers before reaching for these higher-order connections — having a POV does not make up for having a poor product. Thanks again. — denise lee yohn eric solomon Agree with Denise — and thank you for the comment, Jack! I don’t think what you’re saying is “old school” at all; I believe many people would agree. Adding onto Denise’s comment, however, in cluttered categories where many offerings are more or less at parity, establishing emotional connections and/or proving a strong point of view can help to build saliency, potentially leading to the notion that people are making ‘rational’ decisions to buy or use something even when guided by less logical or conscious motivations. When it comes to aligning to points of view, I think younger people are likely more persuaded by companies that stand out by having something to say. Thanks again for the comment- Eric Jack Lichtenstein Thank you, Denise and Eric. Herewith my last comment on the issue. Your points are cogent and well taken. I completely accept an effort by a business to establish emotional connections where “…many offerings are more or less at parity…”. I am not certain that many offerings are often at parity, but your basic point certainly is valid. Many years ago, a classmate of mine and I started a forum on corporate social responsibility at the Harvard Business School where we were then MBA candidates. Our concern was that businesses conduct their affairs toward their customers, workers, shareholders, communities and others in a responsible and ethical manner. When a company has reached that threshold, then I believe they have a right, and some would say a responsibility, to weigh in on issues that are tangential to their core business. They always should have their own house in order first. Otherwise, an embrace of societal issues seems little more than especially cynical dimension of the marketing mix. Best wishes to you. Jack Walter B Bull Jr At one time I read the NY Times for its news reporting, financial statistics, social reporting, book reviews -etc features that were special to the publication. Finally the editorial crusade created by a staff that started with a conclusion and worked backwards to a narrative that I found disagreeable caused me to put “All The News That is Fit to Print” in my discontinue column. Branding is a bundle in today’s world-not a single concept and consumers are getting more choosy every day. WBBJr “consumers are getting more choosy every day” indeed! Thanks, Walter. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Veterinary Healthcare Global Market Key Developments, Outlook, 2016 Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Veterinary Healthcare Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 03, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Veterinary Healthcare market is accounted for $24.34 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $40.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.6% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as food safety and improved nutrition, increase in pet ownership, increasing awareness of zoonotic diseases and increasing animal population are driving the market. However, increasing cost of animal testing, increased competition for cultivated land restrictions established by regulatory bodies will challenge the veterinary market. Feed additives held the largest share among the products segment followed by pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Europe is the leading market in veterinary healthcare followed by North America. Asia-pacific and other developing regions will be the major contributors to the market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/veterinary-healthcare-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in global Veterinary Healthcare market are Merck & Co., Inc, MERIAL Limited, Zoetis Inc, Novartis Animal Health Inc, Bayer HealthCare, Ceva Santé Animale, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Virbac SA, Elanco Products Company, Vétoquinol SA , Sanofi-Aventis, Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Heska Corporation, PetAg Incorporated and Procter & Gamble Company. Animals Covered: -Farm animals -Cattle -Swine -Fish -Sheep -Poultry -Companion animals -Dogs -Cats -Horses Products Covered: -Vaccines -Feed Additives -Nutritional Feed Additives -Medicinal Feed Additives -Pharmaceuticals -Systemic Agents -Parasiticides - Antibiotics -Other Pharmaceuticals Diagnostics Covered: -Immunodiagnostics -Molecular diagnostics -Diagnostic imaging -Clinical chemistry -Other diagnostics Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001390873/sample What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 10.1 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.2 MERIAL Limited 10.3 Zoetis Inc 10.4 Novartis Animal Health Inc 10.5 Bayer HealthCare 10.6 Ceva Santé Animale 10.7 Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 10.8 Virbac SA 10.9 Elanco Products Company 10.10 Vétoquinol SA 10.11 Sanofi-Aventis 10.12 Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd. 10.13 Heska Corporation 10.14 PetAg Incorporated 10.15 Procter & Gamble Company Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001390873/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management AIR Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Transportation To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now Major Companies Take Home EPA Climate Leadership Awards March 3, 2017March 6, 2017 by Jessica Lyons Hardcastle IBM, Procter & Gamble, Lockheed Martin, Clif Bar, Bank of America and Gap are among the companies to receive EPA awards for reducing greenhouse gas emissions and taking action to mitigate the effects of climate change. The agency today announced the 2017 Climate Leadership Award winners, including five organizational leadership awards that went to: Dallas Fort Worth International Airport The Goldman Sachs Group IBM Lockheed Martin Corporation Procter & Gamble DFW Airport, the only airport to be recognized two consecutive years by the EPA in the Climate Leadership Awards program’s six-year history, received the award for its Sustainability Management Plan, which prioritizes energy efficiency and greenhouse gas emissions reduction. The airport included GHG emissions per passenger as a key performance indicator in its FY2016-2020 Strategic Plan, with a goal to reduce the kilogram per passenger of carbon from 2.88 to 2.45 between 2015 and 2020. This represents a 15 percent  total reduction, or 3 percent annual reduction. The airport also uses low- and no-carbon vehicles in its fleet, including compressed natural gas in its bus fleet operations, with multiple fueling stations for airport fleets and the surrounding community. DFW also uses hybrid-electric fleet vehicles and has provided electrical charging infrastructure to support ground support equipment operations and passenger vehicles. Last summer, DFW Airport became the first carbon neutral airport in North America by switching to renewable energy sources and converting its bus fleet to compressed natural gas vehicles, among other low-carbon initiatives. Global investment firm Goldman Sach’s organizational leadership accomplishments include achieving carbon neutrality across operations and business travel in 2015, the EPA says. The company has also committed to a 10 percent reduction in absolute energy use from 2013 to 2020 and use of 100 percent renewable energy. IBM, which has received EPA Climate Leadership awards every year since 2012, has set a goal to reduce absolute GHG emissions by 35 percent by 2020 against a 2005 baseline, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. IBM says it will achieve this goal through increased energy efficiency across operations and through renewable energy procurement (20 percent of its annual electricity use by 2020). In 2015, IBM contracted 17.5 percent of its global energy purchases through green power, above and beyond renewable electricity IBM receives automatically via grid purchases. Additionally, the company developed a global environmental management system (EMS), which serves as the foundation for its efforts to address climate change and inform business strategy. It also requires all IBM suppliers to have an EMS, inventory their energy use and GHG emissions, establish reduction plans and publicly report their results. Lockheed Martin received an organizational leadership award in part for its absolute GHG reduction goal of 35 percent from 2010 through 2020 for global operations. The company optimizes energy use through its Go Green 2020 program, which includes energy efficiency and renewable energy projects, with a pledge to quadruple on-site renewable generation to 10 MW by the end of 2020. The company achieved 18 percent energy and 23 percent GHG reductions from 2010 to 2015 towards its Go Green goals. In 2015, Lockheed initiated or completed more than 40 energy efficiency and GHG reduction projects. One of the company’s goals is to achieve $4 billion in product sales with direct, measurable benefits to energy and advanced infrastructure resiliency by 2020. It has also committed to help customers reduce their GHG emissions by at least twice the GHG impact of business operations by 2020. Procter & Gamble has set several 2020 goals including: an absolute GHG reduction of 30 percent for global operations using 2010 as a baseline, using 30 percent renewable energy, and a 20 percent reduction in truck transportation which was exceeded last year when it reached a 25 percent reduction. The company has also set a goal to double its use of recycled resin in plastic packaging by 2020. To date it has increased it by 30 percent and also achieved its goal to have 100 percent of the virgin wood fiber used in tissue/towel and absorbent hygiene products be third-party certified. Previously P&G said its environmental management efforts have saved almost $2 billion through waste and energy costs since 2007. Other Climate Leadership Awards and their winners include: Supply Chain Leadership Clif Bar & Company United States Postal Service Excellence in Greenhouse Gas Management (Goal Achievement Award) Bank of America The Goldman Sachs Group Excellence in Greenhouse Gas Management (Goal Setting Certificate) Bank of America Gap Inc. NRG Energy   Categories Air, Clean Energy, Environmental ManagementTags Climate Leadership, Dallas Fort Worth International Airport, EPA, Goldman Sachs, IBM, Lockheed Martin, Procter & Gamble One thought on “Major Companies Take Home EPA Climate Leadership Awards” Marc Karell March 6, 2017 at 11:27 am | Reply If there isn’t, there should be separate awards for small businesses who accomplish environmental and energy efficiency success. Their achievements in Btus saved and GHGs reduced are smaller, but they have less budget to do so and less room for error and fewer resources. Given the percentage of business that is “small”, this is important to put out as a model. Leave a Comment Cancel reply NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) Recycling & Waste Reduction Report (Bi-weekly) Retail Energy Buyer Newsletter (Bi-weekly) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Best Practices Managing Change in Environmental Reporting and Compliance Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers The QEHS Guide to Operational Excellence Sponsored By: EtQ An Insiders Guide to Selecting an Environmental Health and Safety Management Software System Sponsored By: EtQ EHS Risk Management Guidebook A Practical HowTo Guide Sponsored By: EtQ The EHS Guidebook Selecting Implementing and Using EHS Software Solutions Sponsored By: EtQ Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Software Selection Guide Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the... What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations... ON DEMAND WEBINARS Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information... From Compliance to Pro-Active Safety with Mobility: Best... EHS Implementation Success is a Team Sport Comparing Energy Leaders on EMIS and Environmental Performance Improve Performance & Reduce Risk with Environmental, Health... See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE © Copyright 2017 Environmental Leader ® is a registered trademark of Business Sector Media LLC. Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
null
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Organic Personal Care Products Market Rising at 6% CAGR due to Increasing Consumer Preference for Organic Products   View as PDF  Print View    Global Organic Personal Care Products Market by Type,by Source,by Distribution,by Target Group and by Region - Forecast to 2022 Pune, India - March 3, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Market research future published a half cooked research report on the global Organic Personal Care Products market has been estimated to grow 6% post 2022. Market Highlights Organic personal care products are made from all natural ingredients, which is strictly an ingredient which has been harvested without the use of synthetic chemical compounds. Consumers are now aware of the ill effects of chemically loaded personal care products; hence demand for organic personal care products has increased in past few years. Organic cosmetics and organic eye care products are in huge demand from the working class women population. Infant care segment has also gained acclamation across the globe. Organic skin care & organic hair care also consumer oriented products are attracting consumers of all age groups. Market Research Analysis: o The demand for organic infant personal care product is increasing in Europe and North America o Top 5 importers of organic personal care products are U.S., France, U.K., Germany and China Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1957 Key Players o Alticor Inc. (U.S.) o Avon Products Inc. (U.S.) o Kao Corp. (Japan) o L'or�al Group (France) o Mary Kay Inc. (U.S.) o Procter & Gamble Co. (U.S.) o Revlon Inc. (U.K.) o Shiseido Co. Ltd. (Japan) o Oriflame Cosmetics S.A. (Switzerland) o The Est�e Lauder Companies Inc. (U.S.) Market Forecast In the last few years, organic personal care market is mostly trend-driven and hence is encouraging new players to enter the market. Increase in the awareness among all classes has increased demand for organic personal care products as it is chemical free and has lesser side effects. Hence, organic skin & hair care has a great scope in the market. Companies are exploring new technologies and attractive packaging to gain interest of consumers. This factor will play a key role to grow organic personal care products market at CAGR of 6% 2016 to 2022. Increased in disposable income, awareness about positive effects of organic products are major key driving forces for this market. Key Findings: o Increase in demand for natural ingredients mainly in the skin care segment will play a critical role in the growth of organic personal care products o Organic cosmetics segment is projected to grow the most during the forecasted period with increase in demand for chemical free personal care products Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread in 110 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on "Global Organic Personal Care Products Market Research Report- Forecast To 2022" Table of Content 1.Executive Summary 2 Market Introduction 2.1 Definition 2.2 Scope Of The Study 2.2.1 Research Objectives 2.2.2 Assumptions 2.2.3 Limitations 2.3 Markets Structure 2.4 Stakeholders 3 Research Methodology 3.1 Research Process 3.2 Secondary Research 3.3 Primary Research 3.4 Forecast Model 3.5 Market Size Estimation 4 MARKET DYNAMICS 4.1 Drivers 4.2 Restraints 4.3 Opportunities 4.4 Challenges 5 MARKET TRENDS Continue......... Browse full report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/organic-personal-care-products-market List of Tables Table 1 Pestle Analysis - U.S. Table 2 Pestle Analysis- India Table 3 Pestle Analysis- China Table 4 Pestle Analysis- Japan Table 5 Pestle Analysis- Germany Table 6 Key Suppliers of Raw Materials For Organic Personal Care Product Continue.......... List of Figures Figure 1 Research Methodology Figure 2 Primary Data Analysis Approach Figure 3 Secondary Data Analysis Approach Figure 4 Trend In Organic Personal Care Product Imports 2011-15 Figure 5 Growth Rate In Organic Personal Care Product Imports 2011-15 Continue......... Related Reports Global Modified Starch Market Information- by source (grain (corn, wheat and rice), vegetables (cassava and potato), and others), by modification process (degradation, acid, oxidation, dextrinization, substitution and others), by application, by nature and by Region - Forecast to 2022.Know more about this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/modified-starch-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact Info: Name: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Organization: Market Research Future Address: Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Phone: 6468459349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/organic-personal-care-products-market-rising-at-6-cagr-due-to-increasing-consumer-preference-for-organic-products/174837 For more information, please visit https://www.marketresearchfuture.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 174837 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Boom Irrigation Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Tue 7th Mar 17) High Voltage Cables and Accessories Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) DataJeo Business Adverting ROI Customer Profile Targeting Software Released (Tue 7th Mar 17) Cardiac Pacemaker Market is expected to grow at CAGR of 7.9% by 2022: Vendors- Medtronic, SORIN, Osypka Medical (Tue 7th Mar 17) Connected Medical Devices Market: Industry Analysis, Demand, Trend and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) Smart Roads Market: Industry Analysis, Demand, Trend, Growth and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The 10 things in advertising you need to know today Julien Rath Mar. 3, 2017, 4:52 AM 914 facebook linkedin twitter email print Snap CEO and CTO with the NYSE Chairman before the launch of its IPO. Hollis Johnson Good morning. Here's everything you need to know in the world of advertising today. 1. WPP posted a record 2016 but warned 2017 is off to a slow start. The company reported a 3.1% lift in organic sales in 2016, but its growth forecast of 2% for this year is below analysts' expectations. 2. Snap's valuation rose to $33 billion after its IPO. The company is now more valuable than brands like American Airlines, Target, and CBS. 3. Inside Snap's IPO as it went live at the NYSE. The company's stock closed at a 44% increase from its original price. 4. P&G's CMO slammed objections to his goals of cleaning up digital media. Marketing Week reports Mark Pritchard used a speech at the ANA Media Conference in Florida to speak about the "myths or false objections" brands have accepted and which are distracting them from taking true action. 5. A money management startup targeting women is trolling Trump in a new outdoor ad. Ellevest's billboard has a silhouette of US President Trump with the tagline "Women of New York: Cover your a$$" on top. 6. Snap already has a 'sell' rating. An analyst from Pivotal Research Group placed a price target of $10 for the company. 7. NBC Universal committed to $1 billion in ad deals beyond Nielsen guarantees. According to AdAge, the commitment is more than double of that of last year. 8. Denny's created one of the most popular "zoom" memes. Its tweet was shared over 68,000 times. 9. A Norwegian news site is forcing readers to take a quiz before commenting. NRKbeta, the technology section of Norway's public broadcaster, wants to curb angry comments. 10. Coca Cola has a new hunk. The new ad, which features a pool cleaner, plays on a similar one from 2007. NOW WATCH: Animated map shows the best and worst states to raise your family Loading video... Follow Advertising: The Brief and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Advertising: The Brief and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: The Brief facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The 10 things in advertising you need to know today The 10 things in advertising you need to know today Good morning. Here's everything you need to... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Advertising Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Oilfield Surfactants Global Market, By Product & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Oilfield Surfactants Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 03, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Oilfield Surfactant market is accounted for $1.04 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $1.57 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.1% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increased usage of CO2 Oil Recovery Technology, rising demand for bio-based surfactants, regulations and non-toxicity are driving the market growth. New projects and huge investment in APAC and Africa region, Utilization and Management of Industrial and Agricultural Wastes will further provide growth opportunities for the market globally. However, environmental concerns, decreasing oil prices and regulatory factors are restraining oilfield Surfactant market. Surfactants in personal care product market will see the best growth prospects. Cleaning products segment is expected to show moderate growth. Bio based surfactant segment is estimated to show prospective growth in the Asia-Pacific region. Asia-Pacific region holds the largest market share. However, North America followed by Europe is estimated to show a significant growth in the surfactant market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/oilfield-surfactants-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Some of the key players in global Oilfield Surfactant market are Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, Clariant AG, Evonik Industries AG, Henkel AG & Co. KGAA, The Dow Chemical Company, Evonik Industries AG, BASF SE, Stepan Company, P&G Chemicals, Pilot Chemical Company, Siltech Corporation, Oxiteno S.A Industria E Comercio, SABIC, Shell Chemicals, Huntsman Corporation, SI Group, Inc, AGAE Technologies, LLC. Substrates Covered: -Bio-Based/Oleo chemical -Bio surfactant -Synthetic/Petrochemical Products Covered: - Anionic Surfactant -Linear Alkylbenzene Sulfonate (LAS) -Secondary Alkane Sulfonate (SAS) -Methyl Ester Sulfonates (MES) -Alpha Olefin Sulfonates (AOS) -Non-Ionic Surfactant -Alkylphenol ethoxylates -Alkanolamides -Polyglucosides -Sorbitan esters -Alcohol ethoxylates -Fatty amine ethoxylates -Sucrose esters -Cationic Surfactant -Other Surfactants -Silicon Surfactants -Fluorinated Surfactants -Polymeric Surfactants -Amphoteric Surfactants -Association Polymers Applications Covered: -Emulsifiers and Demulsifiers -Lubricants -Dispersants -Corrosion Inhibitors -Foam Control Agents -Setting and Suspending Agents -Biocides -Acrylic End Users Covered: -Personal Care Industry -Textile Industry -Soap Industry -Elastomers and Plastic Industry -Oilfield Chemicals -Industrial and Institutional Cleaning -Crop Protection -Pharmaceuticals -Paper and pulp Industry -Paints, Coatings& Adhesives -Metal & Engineering Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322826/sample Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 11.1 Rhodia S.A. 11.2 Schlumberger Limited 11.3 The Lubrizol Corporation 11.4 P&G Chemicals 11.5 BASF SE 11.6 Pilot Chemical Company 11.7 Stepan Company 11.8 Siltech Corporation 11.9 Oxiteno S.A Industria E Comercio 11.10 SABIC 11.11 Shell Chemicals 11.12 Huntsman Corporation 11.13 Henkel AG AND CO. KGAA 11.14 SI Group, Inc 11.15 AGAE Technologies, LLC Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322826/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Marketing What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View? Mar 02, 2017 Opinion North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Supports K@W's Marketing Content The idea of corporations publicly taking on political and social positions not long ago was considered verboten. Now it seems almost mainstream. Yet companies need to understand that how they present their beliefs is critical, notes Eric Solomon in this opinion piece. He is a brand strategy director for Google. Earlier, he was global director of brand strategy for Spotify, and prior to that head of brand strategy and insights for YouTube. And the Oscar Goes to … This week’s Oscars 2017 broadcast brought us two noteworthy moments. The first, of course, is the one that everyone is talking about: the impossible Hollywood ending that carried on longer than anyone could have imagined. The second moment was far more subtle, but at least for those of us in the ad world, almost as interesting. For the first time since 2010, The New York Times aired a television spot. Beautifully executed, the commercial takes a square aim at the “fake news” phenomenon that is consuming American politics today. The video itself builds with a chorus of opposing claims set in black text against a simple white background (e.g., “the truth is a woman should dress like a woman” vs. “the truth is women’s rights are human rights”), and builds to their poignant new tagline: “The truth is now more important than ever.” We are living during an unprecedented political age, so it’s no coincidence that The New York Times has chosen now to voice their strong point of view. But, they are by no means the only company taking a public stand on a burning issue – neither now, nor in the recent past. Taking a Stand, More Than Ever Having a dedicated point of view is something that defines some of the world’s most iconic, successful brands. This is a big part of what helps a brand differentiate itself from competition, and what helps to fill the gap between the products companies make and the emotional experience a brand idea can convey. For the past few years, it seems that more companies than ever are commenting directly on current social or political issues, communicating beliefs that extend far beyond internal sets of brand guidelines or values. We’ve seen Cheerios take a stand on racial issues and Honey Maid redefine the notion of what a wholesome family looks like. REI has closed their stores on Black Friday in the name of opting outside, and P&G is dedicated to getting people to think twice about what it means to do something “like a girl.” These examples are just the tip of the proverbial iceberg. “The election of a new administration raised … important issues around populism, immigration, tensions around race and gender and the overarching question of what it means to be an American.” Without a doubt, 2017 feels different. Regardless of one’s political persuasion, the election of a new administration has raised several important issues around populism, immigration, tensions around race and gender and the overarching question of what it means to be an American. The advertising industry has not kept silent on these and other issues, with several brands opting to spend significant budgets to express their points of view on big stages. Sponsored Content: During Super Bowl LI, for example, football fans were exposed to company beliefs in new and surprising ways. We saw Budweiser tell their story of an immigrant founder; Airbnb unleashed an ode to acceptance; and 84 Lumber, a building-supply company, paid nearly $15 million to air a 90-second story about an immigrant’s journey from Mexico to America, only after having Fox deem a version showing a border wall “too controversial.” (84 Lumber sent viewers to view the ‘complete’ version on their site.) Another interesting take came from Audi of America, who caused unexpected waves by taking a stand for gender equality in the American workplace. And if all that commentary felt a bit heavy-handed, Saturday Night Live offered a salve in the name of parody. When a Belief Is Called into Question Now, back to Audi. Crafted by San Francisco-based Venables Bell & Partners, the ad itself has earned accolades for its cinematic approach to storytelling. A handful of executives have praised Audi’s ad publicly for pushing back hard on gender stereotypes. However, much of the commentary around the ad is critical. The conversation has really caught fire on YouTube: There are over 130,000 comments on the video to date, 56% of which are negative.   Some of this criticism is due to the reality of Audi’s own executive team and board, which reflect a marked lack of diversity. According to some, this may have led to a feeling that Audi is attempting to align themselves politically with an important issue without having the appropriate substantiation for their claims. This is a difficult position for Audi because they have communicated a point of view – one that they’re very likely committed to – which they are now obligated to defend, loudly and publicly. If Audi fails to do that, this calls into question the veracity of their belief; if they succeed, this raises questions about how gender diversity will play out for the brand and company moving forward. “People expect companies to have a point of view on current cultural or political issues.” This example, along with The New York Times’ example and others, illuminates an even grander question: What does it mean for a brand to have a point of view? What do brands or companies need to do in order to comment on political or social issues, and how should they best manage expressions of those beliefs when faced with adversity? Here are a few guidelines for organizational leaders. Have a Belief System Businesses play a big role in our lives. The products we use or consume can be integral to the way that we experience the world, and one role of the brand is to express an emotional reason why we might use or consume one thing over another. It can help to convey that emotional value through what Viacom’s Ross Martin calls a belief system. In a recent talk, Martin defines a belief system as a “clarity of purpose that unites, inspires and catalyzes the power and potential” of a business. Sometimes this belief system is core to a company’s heritage (REI holds a firm commitment to the outdoors); in other instances, beliefs have to be shaped over time (for Honey Maid, wholesome has evolved to equal diversity). In an ideal world, a belief system should permeate everything a company does and says. But, the first action may be for an organization to take a step back and ask: What is our point of view, and how do we express it?  Embrace Authenticity People expect companies to have a point of view on current cultural or political issues. According to a 2014 study, around 75% of millennials believe that businesses should share a point of view about issues and should influence others to get involved in an issue. But people, especially younger people, can smell fakeness a mile away – and they aren’t afraid to call anyone out on it. Once a business develops and expresses a belief system, it must follow through on that point of view in a real, authentic way. Audi may believe that progress equals gender equality, but they need to commit to demonstrating how that belief connects the dots across all facets of their organization. Actions Are More Important Than Words Saying you believe in something is easy. Showing, unequivocally, that you believe something is much harder. During Super Bowl LI, we saw through advertising that Airbnb has a strong point of view about what acceptance means: “No matter who are you are, where you’re from, who you love, or who you worship, we all belong.” But #weaccept is an idea that is bigger than words on a screen. Airbnb is taking action by setting a goal to provide housing for 100,000 people in need, and they’re contributing $4 million to the International Rescue Committee to help support displaced populations globally. Those are actions that speak louder than words.  Prepare to Engage Having a point of view on something sometimes means defending it. There will always be people who oppose a position – that’s the nature of opinions. For companies, this translates to having an engagement strategy when their belief system is under scrutiny or attack. When Honey Maid underscored wholesome as inclusive of same-sex and interracial families, some people didn’t like it. The brand reacted to that opposition by physically turning that negativity in something positive. Honey Maid may have anticipated that taking a stand would elicit some backlash, so they devised a strategy to reinforce their point of view. Developing and maintaining a point of view is hard work for any organization. But we believe, when done well, it can fuel a major source of differentiation across a crowded, noisy landscape. As writer Elie Wiesel, once said: “The opposite of love is not hate, it’s indifference.” When companies or brands lack a clear point of view, the net effect can often feel a lot like indifference. [The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of Google.] [Photo credit: By Haxorjoe – Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?] Supports K@W's Marketing Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View?." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 02 March, 2017. Web. 07 March, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/mean-brand-point-view/> APA What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View?. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, March 02). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/mean-brand-point-view/ Chicago "What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View?" Knowledge@Wharton, March 02, 2017, accessed March 07, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/mean-brand-point-view/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Marketing How Will Corporate America’s New Political Boldness Affect Its Brands? Companies ranging from Budweiser to Airbnb took a political stand during this year’s Super Bowl through television ads. Will they alienate stakeholders? Public Policy Corporations and Politics: Shunning the Middle Road to Go Left or Right In a politically polarized country, corporations can no longer take the middle road on political issues, new research suggests. Sponsored Content Precision Medicine: New Paradigms, Risks and Opportunities Precision medicine is changing the way therapies are being developed. It has widespread implications for everything from genomics to medical devices, and creates new models for enterprises.   Join The Discussion 7 Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Eric — this is a terrific piece and I wholeheartedly agree with you that brands should have a point of view. I suggest one more guideline to your excellent list: Build on a foundation of emotional connection with your customers. The brands that have been able to express POVs effectively — Starbucks, Nike, Dove — have done so in part because they have already established an emotional connection with their customers and they use their values messages to further that connection. It seems more difficult for a brand to jump from a very rational, product-centric appeal to a strong social message without having already demonstrated customer empathy and establishing a level of trust and resonance with its customers — connections that are built over time. — denise lee yohn Jack Lichtenstein I hate to seem “old school,” but I look for the “very rational, product-centric appeal.” I am happy with any company that will provide me with a product or service that has the features I need, that does not need lines of disclaimers in their ads, and that will allow me to speak with a human when I need to. I have not seen many companies with points of view that are abhorrent, and so I don’t much care about their efforts to engage me with themes that are developed by teams of marketers to play on emotions and that are, in any case, completely irrelevant to my decision to purchase that good or service. In my professional life, I am a consultant in business and government policy. My clients are interested in my ability to provide sound advice. One of the last things any of them is interested in is whether my political or social beliefs align completely with theirs and make them feel good. In fact, I have to be able to provide them with unalloyed advice about the effects of their actions and stands on various issues (their actual policies and actions as opposed to those that appear in advertisements). For me, if a company provides a good product or service, does not lie or mislead in its communications, and otherwise treats its customers and others with respect, it is fulfilling its part of the social contract. Jack — thank you for your comment. It’s a good reminder that different approaches resonate with different customers — further, it makes me realize I should have clarified that a company must offer a good product and value to customers before reaching for these higher-order connections — having a POV does not make up for having a poor product. Thanks again. — denise lee yohn eric solomon Agree with Denise — and thank you for the comment, Jack! I don’t think what you’re saying is “old school” at all; I believe many people would agree. Adding onto Denise’s comment, however, in cluttered categories where many offerings are more or less at parity, establishing emotional connections and/or proving a strong point of view can help to build saliency, potentially leading to the notion that people are making ‘rational’ decisions to buy or use something even when guided by less logical or conscious motivations. When it comes to aligning to points of view, I think younger people are likely more persuaded by companies that stand out by having something to say. Thanks again for the comment- Eric Jack Lichtenstein Thank you, Denise and Eric. Herewith my last comment on the issue. Your points are cogent and well taken. I completely accept an effort by a business to establish emotional connections where “…many offerings are more or less at parity…”. I am not certain that many offerings are often at parity, but your basic point certainly is valid. Many years ago, a classmate of mine and I started a forum on corporate social responsibility at the Harvard Business School where we were then MBA candidates. Our concern was that businesses conduct their affairs toward their customers, workers, shareholders, communities and others in a responsible and ethical manner. When a company has reached that threshold, then I believe they have a right, and some would say a responsibility, to weigh in on issues that are tangential to their core business. They always should have their own house in order first. Otherwise, an embrace of societal issues seems little more than especially cynical dimension of the marketing mix. Best wishes to you. Jack Walter B Bull Jr At one time I read the NY Times for its news reporting, financial statistics, social reporting, book reviews -etc features that were special to the publication. Finally the editorial crusade created by a staff that started with a conclusion and worked backwards to a narrative that I found disagreeable caused me to put “All The News That is Fit to Print” in my discontinue column. Branding is a bundle in today’s world-not a single concept and consumers are getting more choosy every day. WBBJr “consumers are getting more choosy every day” indeed! Thanks, Walter. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Five firms to make 48 low-cost consumer items | Bangkok Post: business News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > Business News Five firms to make 48 low-cost consumer items Goods 15-20% cheaper than currently sold 3 Mar 2017 at 08:05 5,659 viewed2 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: PHUSADEE ARUNMAS Low-priced consumer products under the state's Pracha Rat scheme are offered at a grocery shop. - + Five leading manufacturers have reached an agreement with the government to make and supply 48 consumer items at low cost. The products will be 15-20% cheaper than those being sold now. Cheaply priced consumer goods under the Thong Fah (Blue Flag) Pracha Rat scheme will be made available first via 5,500 small retail outlets and at retail and wholesale shops by April. Commerce Minister Apiradi Tantraporn said after April the scheme aims to cover 20,000 outlets over the next six months and reduce people's cost of living by 1.2 billion baht a year. The five suppliers are Sahapattanapibul Plc, Unilever Thai Trading Ltd, Colgate-Palmolive Thailand, Proctor & Gamble Trading Thailand, and Berli Jucker Plc. Mrs Apiradi said the manufacturers already make and are ready to supply 18 of the 48 items, which are mostly for daily use such as soap, toothpaste, detergent, shampoo, canned fish and instant noodles. The low-cost products will not be distributed through existing modern trade outlets such as 7-Eleven. Retail and wholesale businesses account for 27.5% of the country's employment or 2.9 million people, second only to the service sector. The sector accounts for 13.9% of GDP, trailing the service sector (32.6%) and manufacturing (27.7%). "The Thong Fah scheme will be kept as a permanent project, made available mainly via the small outlets located in areas that are easily accessible to consumers," she said. Mrs Apiradi said the initial project will see 5,000 of the 20,000 total outlets promoted by the Business Development Department and 500 outlets of the 19,000 promoted by the National Village and Urban Community Fund sell the cheap products. The ministry will continue to promote the mobile Thong Fah scheme in densely populated communities. The ministry is committed to doubling the number of low-cost food outlets to 20,000 this year. Deputy Prime Minister Somkid Jatusripitak ordered senior Commerce Ministry officials at a joint meeting in January to monitor closely global oil prices to prevent any negative effects on consumers' cost of living. At the meeting, the ministry also pledged to reestablish a war room to closely monitor product price movements and report on prices on a daily basis. The ministry has threatened harsh punishment for profiteers, especially those operating in flood-affected areas, and strictly inspect the production cost structure of manufacturers. Under the Price of Goods and Services Act, any traders found selling goods or services at prices higher than the reference prices will be subject to seven years imprisonment, a fine of up to 140,000 baht, or both. Vendors that do not display prices on labels will be subject to a fine of up to 10,000 baht. RECOMMENDED STORIES ICom springs into animation software Gold prices falls B50 to B20,400 Single window to clear trade by next year Red taxis take fight to Uber in Chiang Mai 40% of SMEs     joined formal tax system Dusit Thani reiterates  job security for staff JAL unveils renovated Suvarnabhumi lounge SET firms post hefty profits Aviation reform plan gets nod Most Viewed 22,140 Koh Tao water slide ordered removed 20,737 20 years on, 'Ghost Tower' haunts ... 19,145 New tobacco control law passed 15,903 18 Uber car drivers caught, fined ... 15,451 Bomb hoax delays TG flight from ... Recent BUSINESS Articles SET rises 2.14 to 1,555.75 at midday SET falls 1.22 to 1,552.39 at opening Lotte stores caught in the crossfire of THAAD spat Get full Bangkok Post printed newspaper experience on your digital devices with Bangkok Post e-newspaper. Try it out, it's totally free for 7 days. Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 19 liked & 3 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 16:18 Customers seek DSI help for unfinished Pattaya condo 16:11 SCG pays B5.46bn for Vietnam cement firm 15:35 50 guns seized, 3 nabbed in Uthai Thani searches 13:49 updateN.Korea, Malaysia ban each other's citizens from leaving 13:10 Jeng loses final appeal against jail term for lese majeste 12:55 Ancient pottery, Buddha head found buried at weir 12:47 SET rises 2.14 to 1,555.75 at midday 11:39 Firebug caught burning forest in Lampang 2 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search P&G's Pritchard is Half-Right. Standards Are Only a Start By Rodger Wells - 2 minutes ago Array 0 P&G's Pritchard Blasts Objections to His Digital Demands as 'Head Fakes' By Jack Neff - 2 hours ago Array 0 Anonymous Signs Muller, Diaz Joins O Positive By Alexandra Jardine - 3 hours ago Array 0 NBCU Commits to $1 Billion in Ad Deals That Move Beyond Nielsen Guarantees By Jeanine Poggi - 3 hours ago Array 0 A Mom, Son and Daughter All Vie For Attention of Sexy Pool Man in Coke Spot By E.J. Schultz - 5 hours ago Array 0 P&G's Pritchard Blasts Objections to His Digital Demands as 'Head Fakes' By Jack Neff - 2 hours ago 0 NBCU Commits to $1 Billion in Ad Deals That Move Beyond Nielsen Guarantees By Jeanine Poggi - 3 hours ago 0 A Mom, Son and Daughter All Vie For Attention of Sexy Pool Man in Coke Spot By E.J. Schultz - 5 hours ago 0 The Brawny Man Gets Replaced With a Woman for Women's History Month By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 See P&G's New Gender-Equality Corporate Branding Campaign By Jack Neff - 12 hours ago 0 Kohl's and Under Armour: Behind the Biggest Brand Launch in Kohl's History By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 McDonald's Steps Up Sustainable Fish Message in Time for Lent By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Watch: The Video of 'Ashamed' Uber CEO That Has Him Apologizing (Again) By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 YouTube TV Arrives to Take on Hulu, Netflix and Traditional Pay Television By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Watch Jon Stewart Barge in on Colbert's Desk to Counsel the Media Over Its 'Breakup' With Trump By Simon Dumenco - February 2016 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US DigitalNext P&G's Pritchard is Half-Right. Standards Are Only a Start By Rodger Wells. Published on March 02, 2017. Most Popular Marc Pritchard's calls to hold digital advertising accountable are long overdue, brave and heard. It is a great start, but only a partial solution. Without a broader view, this path could lead to a less efficient and more dangerous ecosystem. I agree with the chief brand officer of Procter & Gamble. Enforcement of Media Rating Council's viewability standard, campaign verification by MRC-accredited third parties, and transparency in agency contracts is a must. Having a self-regulatory organization -- Trustworthy Accountability Group in this case -- is critical if their authority is to be respected. The rules, developed by TAG, the MRC and the IAB are all beneficial. Yet, they have often been ignored because these organizations hold no enforcement authority. Both publishers and advertisers have skirted the standards to complete a campaign or hit a target. This needs to stop. What is most critical to an advertiser is ROI. This is the promise of digital advertising in the first place. The clear ability to measure the efficacy of spend is what makes digital special -- in theory. However, if a brand spends $1 billion on viewable ads, and consumers never engage, are they doing much better than spending it on nonviewable inventory or fraud? Two seconds of viewability is how long it takes for someone to scroll past on a page or find the "close" button. It's hard to believe that a couple of seconds produces consumer recall of the brand or message. Measuring minimum viewability may demonstrate an ad was shown, but not that it mattered. Premium publishers can help, a little Digital Content Next Chief Jason Kint says his group of premium publishers have the answer to Pritchard's requirements: Place ads on his member companies' high quality, fraud-free pages and video. This solution has merit, albeit greatly biased toward the 82 or so member DCN publishers. Another problem: it's another walled garden. Digital advertising is meant to target audience, not just specific publishers based on URLs. Delivering the right message to the right consumer at the right time in the right place is what was promised. Limiting brand spend to DCN member companies will significantly limit the access points to audiences by restricting the URL's under consideration. Publishers like The Weather Company, BBC and NBC Universal have great inventory that may comply with TAG standards by assuring marketers their ads won't appear next to objectionable content. However, there's not enough of this inventory to satisfy advertiser demand, especially in video, which will account for 82% of traffic by 2020, according to a study by Cisco. This constriction will drive CPMs to unheard of levels on these domains, making it near impossible to hit CPA goals. Imagine paying $1,000 CPMs. Now, in this constrained universe of publishers with astronomical CPMs, do you really think the people behind methbot wouldn't set sights on these inflated CPMs? There is a lot more video coming online, but a large amount is either unavailable to advertisers -- think Amazon Prime, HBO Now and Netflix -- or runs the risk of not being safe for brands, as we saw with YouTube's recent embarrassment over its biggest star. Walled gardens like Facebook have yet to prove they meet even Pritchard's minimum demands. What are P&G and other top marketers to do, if there's not video enough inventory on premium publishers for the scale and needed, if current standards aren't enough, and the walled gardens don't suffice? Engagement must be the standard The solution is a standard that maps to ROI, or what some call ROAS, for return on ad spend. Marketers need a standard that measures engagement. An ad that captures someone's attention and gets them involved will result in conversions. Showing that real human beings were not only exposed to a message but that an advertising impression actually made an impact is a measurement that leaves "viewability" in the dust. Can you name the last three billboards you saw on a drive? They were certainly viewable, but you probably weren't engaged. How much ROI was delivered there? "Craft or crap, that's really the big question and technology enables both," Pritchard said. Crappy ads by definition won't get people to take notice and ask for more. Great ads will. Pritchard and Kint are on the right path. The standards from IAB, MRC and TAG provide crucial steps toward helping the industry thrive. We must require transparency and third-party verification in the advertising supply chain, but we also need a lot more. Engagement is the next level of more. In this article: Ad Tech DigitalNext Viewpoint Rodger Wells Rodger Wells is CEO of DashBid. Follow View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
CLOSE X Advertisement X Classifieds Front page Editor's choice Special features Budget 2017 SS Mendi: 100 years Trump's America Zuma World Economic Forum Weather & info Weather Indicators TV Guide Movie Guide News Crime & Courts Politics South Africa Africa World Opinion Back Page Politics Business Report Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Personal finance My Money Debt Financial Planning Medical Cover Invest Insurance Retirement Tax Money tools Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Boxing Tennis Fifa Opinion Cycling Golf More Sport IOL Sportzone ICC Twenty20 Motoring Latest launches Road tests F1 Motorsport Bikes 4x4 Special Features Industry news Prices & Specs Trucks Entertainment News TV & Radio Movies Music Gossip Books What's On Fun stuff Royals Trevor Noah TV guide Movie guide Grahamstown Festival Lifestyle Love & Sex Health Family Food & Drink Home & Garden Style People BabyNet Competitions GQ Games Dating Travel News South Africa World Tips Olympics Paralympics Live Blog Athletics Swimming Soccer Cycling Rugby Gymnastics Newspapers Classifieds Cape Times Cape Argus Daily News Daily Voice Isolezwe Ilisolezwe Mercury Pretoria News The Post The Star Saturday Star TIOS Sunday Independent Sunday Tribune Weekend Argus Cape Community Matric Results Cape Community Athlone News Atlantic Sun Bolander Cape Towner Constantiaberg Bulletin False Bay Echo Plainsman Sentinel News Southern Mail Southern Suburbs Tatler Table Talk Vukani Bellville & Durbanville Goodwood & Parow Kuils River, Brackenfell & Kraaifontein Multimedia Galleries Videos Other sites BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Games Dating Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline About IOL About IOL Terms and conditions Privacy policy Press code Complaints Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Mining Indaba Budget World Economic Forum Raging Bull Awards Financial Planner of the YearIOL Companies Cartrack hits 600 000 milestone Pioneer Foods is in talks Merafe reports 53% rise, sees positive demand ahead Australia central bank sits on rates, sounds neutral Trump's new travel ban raises bar for legal challenges business report companies Cape strategy attracts R1.3b investment Companies / 2 March 2017, 07:40am Joseph Booysen Western Cape Premier Helen Zille and Mayor Patricia De Lille at the Wesgro investor forum. A R1.3bn manufacturing facility in Atlantis will provide employment for 200 people.Photo: Cindy Waxa Cape Town - The Western Cape is set to benefit from a R1.3billion investment in a manufacturing facility in Atlantis by Czech firm, Pegas Nonwovens, which will create employment opportunities for 200 people in the area. The announcement was made in Cape Town on Wednesday by Premier Helen Zille, Mayor Patricia De Lille and Economic Opportunities MEC Alan Winde. The Atlantis investment will be the largest single manufacturing foreign direct investment that Wesgro and Into SA have secured since 2011. Construction is set to begin in September for completion by next year. The Pegas Nonwoven Atlantis facility will manufacture non-woven, polypropylene and polyethylene-based textiles, used in disposable hygiene products such as baby diapers, adult incontinence and feminine hygiene products, among others. The facility will be the primary supplier of these materials to Cape Town-based Kimberly Clarke and other companies, including Procter & Gamble. Pegas Nonwovens is the largest producer of spunmelt nonwovens in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, with 570 employees globally and two major production facilities in the Czech Republic and Egypt. Read also: Czech company invests R1.3bn in Western Cape Franticek Rezac, the chief executive of Pegas Nonwovens, said the Western Cape was a natural choice for the firm when it considered its African expansion. “Its world class infrastructure and access to the rest of the continent provided us with a profitable opportunity we could not pass on.” Atlantis is envisioned as a Special Economic Zone to support manufacturing mainly for the renewable energy sector and, in particular, independent power producers in the government’s Renewable Energy Independent Power Producers Programme. Zille said: “Our goal is to encourage investment with the least possible red tape. We are launching the Cape Investor centre later this year as a one-stop-shop for investors to complete local, provincial and national regulatory processes, under the professional guidance of a single relationship manager. We are also targeting R1bn in economic savings and benefits by 2019 through our Red Tape Reduction Unit.” Winde said: “We’ve seen significant foreign investment into our region’s green tech sector. In 2013, Hisense opened its R800 million plant in Atlantis, creating 1 000 jobs. Jinko Solar, one of the Chinese companies we engaged with during our official visit to that country in 2015, opened a photovoltaic manufacturing firm in Cape Town, which added 120 jobs." De Lille said in December last year, FDI Intelligence, a division of the Financial Times, ranked Cape Town as 21st in the world on the list of cities with the best foreign direct investment strategies. BUSINESS REPORT Companies Cartrack hits 600 000 milestone Pioneer Foods is in talks Merafe reports 53% rise, sees positive demand ahead Australia central bank sits on rates, sounds neutral Trump's new travel ban raises bar for legal challenges Most Read Leadership fight risks split in ANC, Duarte says Local couple buy historic Cape Villa for R22m Trump's new travel ban raises bar for legal challenges Nedbank rebrands to get new clients Cyclists bring opportunities Advertisement MORE business report companiesMenu Companies| Economy| Energy| Markets| Entrepreneurs| Technology| International| Careers| Opinion| Financial Tools| Events| business report companiesMenu Companies| Economy| Energy| Markets| Entrepreneurs| Technology| International| Careers| Opinion| Financial Tools| Events| INFO About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather SITES BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Ilisolezwe Isolezwe IOL Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline SECTIONS News Politics Business report Sport Motoring Entertainment Lifestyle Travel About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather
null
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Why All Investors Should Care About China It's importance is felt in the global economy Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article How Boomers Are Losing $11,011 a Year to Their Millennial Children But they generally don't mind too much My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Buying Snap Today Could Be Like Buying Apple 35 Years Ago March 03, 2017, 08:36:01 AM EDT By Chris Ciaccia Snapchat (Shutterstock photo) Many on Wall Street are comparing Snap Inc. (SNAP) to Facebook (FB) or Twitter (TWTR) and for now, that's okay. All three can be considered social networks, rely on daily active users and generate the majority of their revenue from advertising. In the future, however, Snap may wind up being more like another Silicon Valley giant than the aforementioned ones -- Apple (AAPL). Buying stock in Snap today is a bet on CEO Evan Spiegel more than it is on the company's prowess as an advertising behemoth. Spiegel, 26, is a product visionary the world has not seen seen Apple's Steve Jobs and to some extent, Tesla Inc. (TSLA) CEO Elon Musk.  There are similarities between Jobs and Spiegel, both starting their companies after dropping out of college, are wonderful salesmen and marketers, but the similarities go further than that. Jobs is Spiegel's idol; he has a portrait of the legendary Apple co-founder hanging in his office. When unveiling Spectacles to The Wall Street Journal this past fall, he even used Jobs-ian language, saying "You wanna see it?" as he took off the towel covering the product. This mentality plays to the culture of secrecy at both companies, not releasing products until they are ready to be talked about.  And unlike other technology companies, neither Snap or Apple have "beta" products. There is no group of early adopters buying and using a product so the companies can get an idea of how users are interacting with it and then continue to refine. Every meticulous detail is thought out and obsessed over and is not released until it's perfect. Aegis Capital analyst Victor Anthony said the company's most valuable asset is its demographic, with 13-24 year olds comprising nearly 60% of its user base. While these are highly coveted by advertisers such as Procter & Gamble, Clorox and others, Spiegel is the company's most valuable asset. The ability to know what people want before they want or see it is an invaluable trait that very few executives have. It can not be measured or valued, but it's something that investors need to keenly aware of when looking at where to put their investing dollars. Snap has positioned and sold itself as a camera company, having mentioned that multiple times in its S-1. This can allow them to expand into everything and anything that has a camera.  Despite the optimism surrounding Spiegel, the stickiness of Snapchat (engagement levels are shockingly high) and the coveted user base, it's not all roses for Snap at this stage. There are concerns about the company's financial picture, as it still generates the majority of its revenue from advertising. Going up against Facebook and Google, which have mountains of user data that advertisers love, can be a daunting task (just ask Twitter). Issues surrounding slowing user growth, the ability for competitors to copy product features, lack of data analytics, no voting control with Class A shares are all valid reasons to be wary of Snap, especially at a $35 billion valuation.  But again, it comes down to be at the forefront of an area that's only going to expand with a product visionary for a CEO. Images, whether it's augmented reality, virtual reality, moving or static, are humanity's future. All you have to do is just look at the popularity of Instagram to see why. Snap, with Snapchat, its burgeoning hardware portfolio and most importantly Spiegel, is poised to be at the forefront of this trend for many years to come. The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: News Headlines , Technology , Investing Ideas , Social Media , Stocks Referenced Symbols: SNAP , AAPL , FB , TWTR , TSLA More from Chris Ciaccia Subscribe Chris Ciaccia on Twitter Related Technology Articles Subscribe Sonos Sticks to What It Knows for New Playbase Speaker 3/07/2017 12:01 AM Nintendo Switch Reviews: What the Critics Are Saying 3/06/2017 03:22 PM How IBM And Maersk Will Use The Blockchain To Change The Shipping Industry 3/06/2017 01:24 PM Contributor: Chris Ciaccia Tech Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated NBCUniversal invests $500 mln in Snap's IPO Mongolia caps size of new 7-year US dollar bond issue at $600m BREAKINGVIEWS-Berlusconi benefits from Chinese M&A own goal European Markets Rallied On Fed Rate Hike Hopes And Trump Speech UBISOFT® ACQUIRES MOBILE GAME GROWTOPIA 3 Winning Stocks You Never Saw Coming View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced SNAP 100% Rate It AAPL 86% Rate It FB 76% Rate It TWTR 67% Rate It TSLA 79% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery BS Headlines News Now Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Overview News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results BS 1000 Auto Consumer Engineering Financials Industrials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Agri Media Health care Services Others Overview Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch On The Beat Poll Overview News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Overview Weekend Special Climate Change Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Auto Expo 2016 Overview News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home BS Headlines News Now Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets Overview News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results BS 1000 Auto Consumer Engineering Financials Industrials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Agri Media Health care Services Others Opinion Overview Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch On The Beat Poll Politics Technology Overview News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Overview Weekend Special Climate Change Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Auto Expo 2016 PF Overview News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Home BS Headlines News Now Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets Overview News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results BS 1000 Auto Consumer Engineering Financials Industrials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Agri Media Health care Services Others Opinion Overview Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch On The Beat Poll Politics Technology Overview News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Overview Weekend Special Climate Change Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Auto Expo 2016 PF Overview News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #InfosysVsFounders #Demonetisation #Budget2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News » Demonetisation Aadhaar breach exposes holes in ecosystem Top B-schools brainstorm fallout of IIM Bill Business Standard Job offers at IIM-C dip in 2017 placement season It is not clear whether the drop in offers is a fallout of demonetisation Avishek Rakshit  |  Kolkata  March 4, 2017 Last Updated at 00:45 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UU6uqb ALSO READ IIM Calcutta placements: Top domestic salary package is Rs 70 lakh this yr Should you buy RIL post Q2 results? IIM Lucknow registers 100% placement in just three days Top recruiters turn to non-IIM B-schools The Indian Institute of Management - Calcutta (IIM-C) registered a five per cent fall in job offers in the 2017 season of placements. Against a total job offer of 499 for a batch of 439 students, this time, IIM-C received 474 offers for a batch of 455 students. The total time taken for the placement process is also half a day more than previous year's record of 2.5 days. While portfolios in finance and consulting companies increased this time, it went down steadily for offers in IT and start-ups while sales and marketing and general management & strategy portfolios also registered a three per cent dip each. It is not clear whether the drop in job offers is fallout of demonetisation. IIM-C professors were not available for comment. Twenty-nine per cent of the offers were given by finance companies like Arga Investment, BAML, Citibank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JPMC and others against last year's 27 per cent while 22 per cent of the offers was given by the consulting sector which included companies like Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, McKinsey. Last year, the consulting sector, led by Boston Consulting Group, Bain & Co., McKinsey, AT Kearney and Accenture Management Consulting, comprised 20 per cent of the total offers. In the sales and marketing domain which accounted for 12 per cent of the placements this year, HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser led the pack. The 2016 batch had received as many as 75 offers from these firms which made up for 15 per cent of the offer portfolio. This year, general management firms like Aditya Birla Group, CK Birla Group, TAS and offered 15 per cent of the total offers which is a dip of three per cent then previous year when TAS, Aditya Birla Group, CK Birla Group, Samsung India, Reliance Industries Limited and Wipro stood as the major recruiters. E-commerce and IT roles in large corporations as well as start-ups, offered by Amazon, Snapdeal, Flipkart, PayTM, Olacabs, Uber and RedBus, besides others had offered 19 per cent roles in 2016 which went down to 14 per cent. The largest recruiters in this category this year were Amazon and Wipro. In the 2017 final placement season, the highest domestic package stood at Rs. 70 lakh per annum while the highest international package amounted to $130,000 per annum. Read More On Iim-calcutta | Jobs | Placements | Hsbc | Management | Citibank | Goldman Sachs | Samsung India | Reliance Industries Limited | Wipro | Amazon | Snapdeal | Flipkart | Paytm | Olacabs | Uber PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Job offers at IIM-C dip in 2017 placement season It is not clear whether the drop in offers is a fallout of demonetisation The Indian Institute of Management - Calcutta (IIM-C) registered a five per cent fall in job offers in the 2017 season of placements.Against a total job offer of 499 for a batch of 439 students, this time, IIM-C received 474 offers for a batch of 455 students. The total time taken for the placement process is also half a day more than previous year's record of 2.5 days.While portfolios in finance and consulting companies increased this time, it went down steadily for offers in IT and start-ups while sales and marketing and general management & strategy portfolios also registered a three per cent dip each.It is not clear whether the drop in job offers is fallout of demonetisation. IIM-C professors were not available for comment.Twenty-nine per cent of the offers were given by finance companies like Arga Investment, BAML, Citibank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JPMC and others against last year's 27 per cent while 22 per cent of the offers was given by the consulting sector which included ... The Indian Institute of Management - Calcutta (IIM-C) registered a five per cent fall in job offers in the 2017 season of placements. Against a total job offer of 499 for a batch of 439 students, this time, IIM-C received 474 offers for a batch of 455 students. The total time taken for the placement process is also half a day more than previous year's record of 2.5 days. While portfolios in finance and consulting companies increased this time, it went down steadily for offers in IT and start-ups while sales and marketing and general management & strategy portfolios also registered a three per cent dip each. It is not clear whether the drop in job offers is fallout of demonetisation. IIM-C professors were not available for comment. Twenty-nine per cent of the offers were given by finance companies like Arga Investment, BAML, Citibank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JPMC and others against last year's 27 per cent while 22 per cent of the offers was given by the consulting sector which included companies like Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, McKinsey. Last year, the consulting sector, led by Boston Consulting Group, Bain & Co., McKinsey, AT Kearney and Accenture Management Consulting, comprised 20 per cent of the total offers. In the sales and marketing domain which accounted for 12 per cent of the placements this year, HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser led the pack. The 2016 batch had received as many as 75 offers from these firms which made up for 15 per cent of the offer portfolio. This year, general management firms like Aditya Birla Group, CK Birla Group, TAS and offered 15 per cent of the total offers which is a dip of three per cent then previous year when TAS, Aditya Birla Group, CK Birla Group, Samsung India, Reliance Industries Limited and Wipro stood as the major recruiters. E-commerce and IT roles in large corporations as well as start-ups, offered by Amazon, Snapdeal, Flipkart, PayTM, Olacabs, Uber and RedBus, besides others had offered 19 per cent roles in 2016 which went down to 14 per cent. The largest recruiters in this category this year were Amazon and Wipro. In the 2017 final placement season, the highest domestic package stood at Rs. 70 lakh per annum while the highest international package amounted to $130,000 per annum. Avishek Rakshit Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Job offers at IIM-C dip in 2017 placement season It is not clear whether the drop in offers is a fallout of demonetisation The Indian Institute of Management - Calcutta (IIM-C) registered a five per cent fall in job offers in the 2017 season of placements. Against a total job offer of 499 for a batch of 439 students, this time, IIM-C received 474 offers for a batch of 455 students. The total time taken for the placement process is also half a day more than previous year's record of 2.5 days. While portfolios in finance and consulting companies increased this time, it went down steadily for offers in IT and start-ups while sales and marketing and general management & strategy portfolios also registered a three per cent dip each. It is not clear whether the drop in job offers is fallout of demonetisation. IIM-C professors were not available for comment. Twenty-nine per cent of the offers were given by finance companies like Arga Investment, BAML, Citibank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JPMC and others against last year's 27 per cent while 22 per cent of the offers was given by the consulting sector which included companies like Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, McKinsey. Last year, the consulting sector, led by Boston Consulting Group, Bain & Co., McKinsey, AT Kearney and Accenture Management Consulting, comprised 20 per cent of the total offers. In the sales and marketing domain which accounted for 12 per cent of the placements this year, HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser led the pack. The 2016 batch had received as many as 75 offers from these firms which made up for 15 per cent of the offer portfolio. This year, general management firms like Aditya Birla Group, CK Birla Group, TAS and offered 15 per cent of the total offers which is a dip of three per cent then previous year when TAS, Aditya Birla Group, CK Birla Group, Samsung India, Reliance Industries Limited and Wipro stood as the major recruiters. E-commerce and IT roles in large corporations as well as start-ups, offered by Amazon, Snapdeal, Flipkart, PayTM, Olacabs, Uber and RedBus, besides others had offered 19 per cent roles in 2016 which went down to 14 per cent. The largest recruiters in this category this year were Amazon and Wipro. In the 2017 final placement season, the highest domestic package stood at Rs. 70 lakh per annum while the highest international package amounted to $130,000 per annum. Avishek Rakshit Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Global Sponge and Scouring Pads Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.32%, 2017-2021 With 3M, Armaly Brands, Proctor and Gamble & The Clorox Company Dominating - Research and Markets March 03, 2017 05:40 AM Eastern Standard Time DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Sponge and Scouring Pads Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The global sponge and scouring pads market to grow at a CAGR of 2.32% during the period 2017-2021. The report, Global Sponge and Scouring Pads Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. The latest trend gaining momentum in the market is use of eco-friendly fibers. The recent trend in the sponge and scouring pads market is the higher adoption of eco-friendly raw materials for manufacturing products called as the green sponges. An increasing number of households and commercial end-users are opting for sponges and scrubbing pads that are made of cellulose as they are made from the plant-based materials. For instance, plant-based materials such as wood pulp or the cotton fiber, which are recyclable and renewable. Key vendors 3M Armaly Brands Proctor and Gamble The Clorox Company Other prominent vendors Arix Corazzi Fuller Brush Hezeng Industrial Group Libman PKJ Group Houseware Quickie Smartpack Houseware Products Trimaco Zhangjiagang Fengyuan Key Topics Covered: Part 01: Executive summary Part 02: Scope of the report Part 03: Market research methodology Part 04: Introduction Part 05: Market landscape Part 06: Market segmentation by end-user Part 07: Geographical segmentation Part 08: Market drivers Part 09: Impact of drivers Part 10: Market challenges Part 11: Impact of drivers and challenges Part 12: Market trends Part 13: Vendor landscape Part 14: Key vendor analysis Part 15: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/q3x5p2/global_sponge_and Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Household Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Household Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe One Strand at a Time: L’Oreal Designs Hair Care for a New Market by Pauline Bax @PaulineBax1 More stories by Pauline Bax March 2, 2017, 11:00 PM EST World’s biggest cosmetics maker opens laboratory in S. Africa Products for African hair will compete against local brands L’Oreal SA is trying to find out what African women want, and then make money from it. In a sparsely lit room inside a laboratory near Johannesburg, a young woman pores over single strands of hair, the ends of each fiber held, jewelry-like, in delicate copper tubes. A laser machine nearby draws a horizontal red line over the face of a motionless volunteer in a black T-shirt. L’Oreal’s new R&D laboratory in Johannesburg. Photographer: Waldo Swiegers/Bloomberg “African consumers don’t have today a great freedom to do what they want with their hair without pain, money and effort,” said Alice Laurent, a 39-year-old French biochemist who built up the research center from scratch after a five-year stint for L’Oreal in China. “I’d say that L’Oreal is quite a pioneer.” The world’s biggest maker of beauty products is hoping to capture a market that it estimates at 100 million middle-class consumers. Unlike Europe, Africa holds the promise of high growth: the number of middle-class African women who live in cities and work outside the home will continue to grow for years to come, and their average age is an alluring 24. The idea is to develop new hair products especially for them rather than offering brands developed for black consumers in the U.S., and thus giving L’Oreal an advantage over competitors such as Unilever and Avon. Preparing hair for research. Photographer: Waldo Swiegers/Bloomberg Pointing at a study that’s pinned on a wall detailing degrees of curliness in countries across sub-Saharan Africa, Laurent said her first priority is identifying habits and needs of African consumers, about whom there is little research. The laboratory is part of the company’s plan to tap into new markets, according to Deborah Aitken, a Bloomberg Intelligence analyst. L’Oreal seeks to sustain growth by carefully chosen acquisitions and by going into emerging markets with long-term potential, Aitken said. “Africa is a big market for key product categories like hair care, and to really capture that will help develop L’Oreal versus peers like Unilever,” Aitken said. Rising Sales Worldwide, L’Oreal has extended its lead in recent years by expanding its stable of luxury lines. High-end brands have fueled expansion in North America, where like-for-like sales were up 6.3 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016, the company said this month. While its shares have slightly lagged behind the Stoxx 600 Personal & Household Goods Index over the last 12 months, L’Oreal expects to outperform the beauty market globally this year. But in Nigeria and South Africa, the region’s two largest economies, L’Oreal’s sales in all beauty and personal care categories combined are trailing Unilever, Avon and P&G. And it faces strong competition from local brands, which according to L’Oreal account for two-thirds of the African hair care market. Purple Bottles Most of the money African women spend on beauty products goes to hair care. Among popular brands that L’Oreal already sells across sub-Saharan Africa are the relatively pricey Garnier and the mass-market Dark & Lovely, whose purple-tinted bottles and jars are coveted from salons in Tanzania to shantytowns in Sierra Leone. The beauty market in Africa is divided in two segments: local brands and international brands. “African women will use both, and they’re also very good at customizing their own pomades,” Laurent said. While L’Oreal says it considers sub-Saharan Africa “very promising,” the company won’t disclose sales forecasts or targets. Specialist products for African type hair. Photographer: Waldo Swiegers/Bloomberg But sales data tell the story. The total value of sales of beauty and personal care products in South Africa and Nigeria rose to almost $5 billion last year. Hair care was among the fastest-growing categories of products sold between 2010 and 2015, with the value of sales climbing 38 percent and 63 percent in South Africa and Nigeria in the period respectively, according to Euromonitor, which collects data for four countries in the region. Growing Slowly “The big manufacturers are realizing that there’s a lot of future potential,” said Thomas Verryn, research manager at Euromonitor International for sub-Saharan Africa. “They’re investing now to make increased sales in the long term.” African hair comes with a unique set of challenges: it’s more fragile than Caucasian hair, it grows more slowly and it’s more difficult to manage. Wigs aside, braiding is widely considered the most convenient style because they can stay in for several weeks and barely require maintenance, Laurent said. But years of braiding or chemically straightening curly hair can cause receding hairlines and even baldness, as some products, relaxers especially, are “very harsh to the hair,” she said. Natural Hair The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up To be sure, the African hair care market is still tiny compared to Asia or Europe, accounting for roughly $450 million in sales in South Africa and more than $300 million in Nigeria, according to Euromonitor data. And like other big-name western brands, L’Oreal is facing the skepticism of a generation of media-savvy African women who’ve latched onto the natural-hair movement that originated in the U.S. about a decade ago. While U.S. sales of relaxers dropped 19 percent between 2013 and 2015, market research company Mintel reports, in Africa they’re still climbing steadily. At the same time, the natural-hair trend is rapidly gaining a foothold in Africa, with at least 10 specialized salons opening in Johannesburg alone in the past few years, each selling their own pomades. Back in her office, Laurent brings out a sample of the first brand to come out of the lab: Au Naturale, a range of four products designed to untangle and moisturize African locks.  “We redeveloped the range specifically for Africa, we tested it here and we worked with our experts here,” she said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Menu Television TV Shows Animation Awards Thriller Talent Reality Mythological Documentary Crime Comedy Drama Series Factual Food Fiction TV Channels Regional People News Broadcasting Specialised and Niche Sports Viewership Terrestrial Music and Youth Movie Channels English Entertainment Kids GECs Factual & Documentary Production House TV Commercial Post Production Online Content Non-Fiction Film Production Documentary Fiction Cable TV People Local Cable Operators DAS Multi System Operators DTH DTH Operator DTH Services People Regulators People I&B Ministry High Court Supreme Court TDSAT TRAI MAM Marketing Brands Above The Line MAM Below The Line Media and Advertising Sponsorship Ad Campaigns AD Agencies Account Event Agencies Digital Agencies Out Of Home People Media Agencies Satellites Insurance Satellite Launches Satellite Operators Teleports iWorld Video On Demand Telecom Broadband Social Media Pay-Per-View e-commerce eNews Over The Top Services IPTV Gaming Movies Short Films Regional Movies On Mutiple Platforms Documentary Hindi Hollywood International Independent Box Populi Technology ces Hardware Headend Equipment Set-top Boxes Uplinking & Downlinking Distribution Components Software Firmware Middleware Applications Resources Education insitutes Education Channels forums History Producers Media agencies Legal and Policies Jobs Cable TV MSOs Address Book Ad sales agents Ad agencies Satelite Reckoner Shooting floors TRAI Technology suppliers Studios DTH Specials Event Coverage IBC2016 VidNet ASIA TV FORUM Content Hub Ficci Frames Ficci Frames Filmart Golden Globe Awards ICC WORLD CUP IDOS Mipcom Miptv MixRadio Music Connects News Television Summit Occasions Budget Budget 2000 Budget 2001 Budget 2002 Budget 2005 Budget 2014 Budget 2015 Budget 2016 Budget 2017 Year Enders MAM Lever, brand BJP had most TV ads in first 8 weeks of 2017 03 Mar, 2017 - 09:00 AM IST     |     By Tarachand Wanvari     BENGALURU: For the eighth week in row, FMCG major Hindustan Lever Limited (Lever) was the top television advertiser in terms of advertisement insertions per week for weeks 1 to 8 of 2017 (Saturday, 30 December 2016 to Friday, 24 February 2017) as per Broadcast Audience Research Council (BARC) data. This paper must be read with a caveat: It deals only with the players present in BARC’s top 10 lists of advertisers and brands. The sums/percentages of other genres/players’ advertisements, other than those indicated in BARC’s top 10 lists of brands and advertisers, have not been considered/mentioned in this paper during the period under consideration and their total numbers/percentages could be more/higher during the period under consideration in this paper. Analysis of BARC data for Top 10 Advertisers Across Genre: All India (U+R): 4+ Individualsfor weeks 1 to 8 of 2017 shows that of the total number of 25,52,678 television ad insertions (insertions or spots),  Lever had as many as 8,36,171 insertions (about a third). FMCG players Reckitt Benckiser (India) Limited (Reckitt) and Baba Ramdev’sPatanjaliAyurved Limited (Patanjali) had the second and third most ad spots respectively.   Please refer to Fig A1 below for details of the other players and genres. Seventeen advertisers were in the list of top 10 advertisers for weeks 1 to 8 of 2017. Of the seventeen advertisers, 14 were from the FMCG genre, while there was one each was from the Music (Super Cassettes Industries); Online (Amazon Online India Pvt Ltd); and Politics (Bharatiya Janata Party or BJP) genres. Five FMCG players – three of those mentioned above, Cadbury’s India Limited (Cadbury’s) and Procter & Gamble (P&G) were in the list of the biggest television advertisers across all the eight weeks. Of the non-FMCG players, Super Cassettes was in the list of the biggest advertisers for six weeks (including week 8), while Amazon and the BJP were in the biggest advertisers list for 2 weeks each. Four genres were the biggest advertisers as per the BARC list for top 10 advertisers in terms of insertions. Please refer to Fig A2 below: Analysis of Broadcast Audience Research Council (BARC) data for Top 10 Brands Across Genre: All India (U+R): 4+ Individuals, shows that forty-two brands occupied the 80 slotsfor top 10 brands that had the highest ad insertions per week spots during weeks 1 to 8 of 2017. During the first eight weeks of this fiscal, the BJP was the top brand in terms of ad insertions with 63,530 spots across the 4 weeks while it was in the top 10 brand list. Though Lever’s detergent powder brand Surf Excel was in the list of brands with highest number of insertions for 5 weeks, it had only 31,436 ad spots while in the top 10 list. Please refer to Fig B1 below for list of top television advertising brands for weeks 1 to 8 of 2017. It may be noted that Genre 1 in the figure below is a split of genres to sub-genres, Genre 2 is genres with a broader classification.The Phone genre in Fig B2 below has been further sub-classified by the author as Mobile Phone (phone and data instruments), Mobile Bank or Mobile Wallet (Airtel Payments Bank), Phones Services (Service from phone service providers such as Airtel, Vodafone, Idea,etc) and Phone apps (such as Amazon Video, Jio Digital Life, etc.) in Fig B1 below – Genre 1. Government has been further sub-classified as Government and Association below in Genre 1. Nineteen FMCG brands were present in the top 10 lists of brands in terms of brand insertions for weeks 1 to 8 of 2017. Please refer to Fig B2 below for the genres (Genre 2) that were present in the top 10 lists during the period, tags Broadcast Audience Research Council of IndiaBARCBJP Trending CASBAA India OTT Forum: Asian players in search of a winning formula FCB Interface crafts Blazo campaign 'Thank Her Everyday' this International Day Healthy lifestyle on Women's Day Ad Tech '17 expects 6500 attendees from 31 nations   Latest Reads Femina salutes women achievers Femina, a leading women’s brand in the country, has always realised and celebrated the astounding prowess of women from different walks of life. MAM Marketing Brands 07 Mar, 2017 Stop judging #SheForHer “#SheForHer” is about letting the women be comfortable in what they identify with. A digital video campaign launched on Women’s Day drives a positive message to uplift the gender towards a brighter tomorrow. Before the acceptance from the entire world, we need to accept each other. The film... MAM Marketing Brands 07 Mar, 2017 '#ConnectedSheCan' with Voda on International Day MUMBAI: Armed with a key focus of building a diverse and inclusive work culture, Vodafone India will celebrate the International Women’s Day with a week-long series of exciting events lined up from 6- 10 March, 2017. The theme #ConnectedSheCan is aimed to bring a positive change to the lives of... MAM Marketing Brands 07 Mar, 2017 Orange City has 'Best Practices' among 63 global companies MUMBAI: Orange City Water (OCW) has brought laurels for the city of Nagpur as well as added another feather in its cap when it was rewarded with two most coveted “Best Water Management Practices Award” for their Water Management of Nagpur 24x7 project and ‘Best Peoples Initiative in the Year” by... MAM Marketing Brands 07 Mar, 2017 DataWind retains leadership as per CMR and IDC reports MUMBAI: DataWind Inc., a leader in delivering Internet access to emerging markets, retains the top slot selling35%of overall tablets in India, during 2016, according to CMR’s India Tablet PC Market Review.CMR Study also shows that DataWind has dominated the sub-Rs. 5,000 tablet segment (... MAM Marketing Brands 07 Mar, 2017 iVOOMi to launch four economy smartphones MUMBAI: iVOOMi, a Chinese electronic major OEM/ODM is set to enter the fast-growing smartphone market in India with the launch of series of High-End Smartphones. The brand plans to launch 4 models in India ranging from Rs. 4000--Rs. 10,000. MAM Marketing Brands 07 Mar, 2017 WATConsult wins Brussels Airline mandate MUMBAI: WATConsult, one of India’s leading and most awarded digital and social media agency, a part of the Dentsu Aegis Network, has won the social media mandate of Belgium’s largest airline, Brussels Airlines. WATConsult will be involved in the digital media strategy planning for the brand’s... MAM Media and Advertising Account 06 Mar, 2017 Ad Tech '17 expects 6500 attendees from 31 nations MUMBAI: Bringing the marketing, technology and media communities together Ad Tech 2017 -- one of India’s leading marketing and media technology event -- is all set for the two-day event to be held on 9 and 10 March at the Leela Ambience, Gurgaon. MAM Marketing MAM 06 Mar, 2017 Healthy lifestyle on Women's Day MUMBAI: A leading Finnish brand Tango has launched a wide range of most accurate and high quality Fitness Trackers "Wellness Motivator" in India.This could be a perfect gift for your women. MAM Marketing Brands 06 Mar, 2017 Gallery The content Paradigm 25 Aug, 2016 The Customer: Vidnet 2016 25 Aug, 2016 Proud winners at the NT Awards 2016 04 Jul, 2016 A night to remember: NT AWARDS 2016 - Part 2 30 Jun, 2016   Latest News Load More Subscribe Newsletter TVLinx | ADLinx | Archive What to Read Next Femina salutes women achievers Femina, a leading women’s brand in the country, has always realised and celebrated the astounding prowess of women from different walks of life. MAM Marketing Brands 07 Mar, 2017 Stop judging #SheForHer MAM Marketing Brands 07 Mar, 2017 Digital measurement: Star leads the way, partners Zapr Television TV Channels Viewership 07 Mar, 2017 What the Netflix, Vodafone, Videocon d2h and Airtel tieups mean iWorld Video On Demand 07 Mar, 2017 Naidu concerned over stereotypical portrayal of women Regulators I&B Ministry 07 Mar, 2017 More News Apache Indian revives his biopic Badshah's teenage look will make you go 'awe' Artist Partner Group, Atlantic Records and Universal Pictures team up to unleash Source By Radioandmusic.com Singer Kalika Prasad Bhattacharya died in car accident 'Begum Jaan': Vidya looks fierce, intimidating Pallavi Rao in Dhhai Kilo Prem Source By Tellychakkar.com Pune Comic Con 2017 ends on a high note ‘Among the Black Waves’ by Anna Budanova walks away with the Grand Prix at t Behind the colossal knights and epic cityscape in ‘Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy Source By Animationxpress.com Editor's Choice Femina salutes women achievers Brands 07 Mar, 2017 Stop judging #SheForHer Brands 07 Mar, 2017 Digital measurement: Star leads the way, partners Zapr Viewership 07 Mar, 2017 What the Netflix, Vodafone, Videocon d2h and Airtel tieups mean Video On Demand 07 Mar, 2017 Naidu concerned over stereotypical portrayal of women I&B Ministry 07 Mar, 2017 Articles By Category News Headline Executive Dossier Comment Special Report Research Case Study Genre Primer Financials Reviews Events Promos & Campaigns Press Release Sign up for our Newsletter subscribe for latest stories Facebook Twitter YouTube Linkedin RSS Television Cable TV DTH Regulators MAM Satellites iWorld Movies Technology Resources Specials About Privacy Disclaimer Advertise Contact Us 2017 @ Copyright Indiantelevision Dot Com Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home Contact News Tips Politics Crime Terrorism Video Entertainment Weather Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Breaking911 Home Contact News Tips Politics Crime Terrorism Video Entertainment Weather Home Politics UN climate chief’s request to meet Tillerson goes unanswered Politics Weather UN climate chief’s request to meet Tillerson goes unanswered March 2, 2017 0 136 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet The top United Nations climate change official continues to wait for a response to her request to meet with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson over whether the U.S. will remain in the landmark Paris environmental accord. Patricia Espinosa, executive secretary of the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change, asked for a sitdown with Tillerson before leaving for a visit to the U.S. this week. In an interview Wednesday, she said she’d heard nothing from the State Department in return. “I have not heard back. It is understandable at the beginning of an administration,” Espinosa said after speaking at a climate change conference in Chicago “They are a very important partner to us, and I’m looking forward to working together.” A State Department spokesman didn’t respond to a request for comment. The silence from the State Department comes amid questions over the U.S. stance on climate change. While President Donald Trump has questioned it, Tillerson acknowledged that the planet is warming while he served as chief executive officer of ExxonMobil, and his successor last week called for a carbon tax to discourage the use of polluting fuels. Environmentalists expressed disappointment that the top U.N. climate official would not have the opportunity to discuss the issue with a State Department representative. “It is unfortunate that Secretary Tillerson was unwilling to meet with Executive Secretary Espinosa,” Alden Meyer, director of policy at the Union of Concerned Scientists, said in an emailed statement Thursday. “Climate change represents a clear and present danger to the prosperity, security and quality of life of all Americans, and threatens the development prospects and stability of other countries. Addressing the climate threat is thus mission-critical for Secretary Tillerson and his State Department.” During her remarks in Chicago, Espinosa urged an audience of business executives to voluntarily reduce emissions and set the tone for politicians who are reluctant to enact aggressive environmental policies. The event drew executives from some of the largest U.S companies, including General Motors, United Continental Holdings and Procter & Gamble. “Policymakers must hear that action is happening,” Espinosa said. “They need to have confidence that this action will back their decisions.” Espinosa didn’t mention Trump, who vowed during the recent U.S. election campaign to exit the agreement but later said he would keep an open mind. Asked last week about his plans for the accord, a White House spokesman said Trump and Tillerson were discussing the matter. Espinosa, who is based in Bonn, took over in May as executive secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change and oversees the process of implementing the Paris agreement, which was brokered in 2015 by 195 nations. The accord, broader than any previous climate agreement, calls for reducing pollution in hopes of limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) above temperatures at the outset of the industrial revolution. Environmental groups have warned of dire consequences if the U.S. abandons the Paris Accord. As the richest nation and the second-largest polluter, U.S. efforts are central to keeping climate change from hitting an irreversible tipping point, unleashing catastrophic floods, droughts and storms, scientists say. (c) 2017, Bloomberg · Joe Ryan Comments SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleEstonian man with visa overstay caught in Washington Next articleFormer NFL Player Headed To Prison for Ponzi Scheme ---- Follow Us 176,393FansLike 179,808FollowersFollow 736SubscribersSubscribe Breaking General Motors pulls back from European auto market March 6, 2017 Long Island Man Accused of Trying To Join ISIS In Syria... March 6, 2017 Iranian vessels harass Navy ship, as Iran tests missile defense system March 6, 2017 Washington Post Employee Impersonated ICE Agent, House Raided By Feds: Report March 6, 2017 Former California Mayor Arrested at San Francisco Airport March 6, 2017 Trending Blizzard Warning Issued … For Hawaii December 23, 2014 Mass Shooting on Airport Way In Seattle January 26, 2016 Al-Qaida says Trump has ignited ‘the flame of jihad’ with Yemen... February 5, 2017 Border Patrol Nabs Previously Deported Convicted Sex Offender February 20, 2017 NYC Mayor Distributes ‘Message To Immigrants’ Flier at All Public Schools February 14, 2017 Recommended General Motors pulls back from European auto market March 6, 2017 Long Island Man Accused of Trying To Join ISIS In Syria... March 6, 2017 Iranian vessels harass Navy ship, as Iran tests missile defense system March 6, 2017 Buzz Long Island Man Accused of Trying To Join ISIS In Syria... March 6, 2017 Iranian vessels harass Navy ship, as Iran tests missile defense system March 6, 2017 Washington Post Employee Impersonated ICE Agent, House Raided By Feds: Report March 6, 2017 Popular Topics U.S.22060 Video1821 Tech1303 Crime1298 Terrorism1075 Politics796 Weather704 International697 © Copyright 2017 | Breaking911 All rights reserved MORE STORIES General Motors pulls back from European auto market March 6, 2017
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories CNN seeks polling rethink Wearables market at all-time high Mobile usage reaches five hours a day Netflix extends its reach in India BT Sport retains exclusive UEFA rights Diversity pays off for L'Oréal Supercheap Auto rethinks sponsorship Coffee sales challenge tea in Asia View more news Snap off to a flyer but questions remain 03 March 2017 NEW YORK: Shares in Snap closed at $24.48 after the first day of trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, up 44% on the IPO price and valuing the business at around $33bn, but leading agency figures were cautious about its future success as an ad platform. Snap describes itself as a camera company but its Snapchat messaging app is where investors anticipate it will make money via advertising, thanks to the app's popularity with the sought-after millennial demographic. "The platform has followed a familiar path of driving consumer engagement, forging media partnerships and building an audience," noted Mark Read, global CEO at Wunderman, who told Ad Exchanger he expected some "false starts" before Snap worked out how best to bring brands on the platform without disrupting the user experience. "The short-term issue is whether they can deliver to marketers without alienating a fickle audience," he said. "Marketers will give them a break because they can experiment, but as their budgets become more real, Snapchat will have to prove ROI." Digital metrics have become a major issue for advertisers, especially since Marc Pritchard, chief brand officer at Procter & Gamble, announced that all media suppliers to the FMCG giant would have to adopt MRC-accredited, third-party verification during 2017. Within the past month, both Facebook and YouTube have agreed to be audited by the Media Ratings Council, and that body is reported to have talked with Pinterest and Twitter about a similar process; it's not known whether Snap has also been approached. The other major issue facing Snapchat is that some of its unique features have been copied by rivals like Instagram. Not only must it guard against that being repeated in future, said Maikel O'Hanlan, VP of social strategy and relationship marketing, Horizon Media, it needs to ensure that "it can grow while retaining its exclusivity factor, that message distribution and visibility don't prevent brand reach and that a hipper platform doesn't come along soon". Those investors buying stock were confident. "The most important thing to know about Snapchat is that we are moving to a world that emphasizes pictures over words," said Sean Stiefel, a portfolio manager at Navy Capital. "Snapchat is proven to be a leader in this field that is at its infancy," he told the Financial Times. Data sourced from Ad Exchanger, Financial Times, Wall Street Journal; additional content by Warc staff Read more from Warc: What we know about marketing on Snapchat Guide to advertising on Snapchat Oh Snap: Three brands' best practices for marketing on Snapchat Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories CNN seeks polling rethink Wearables market at all-time high Mobile usage reaches five hours a day Netflix extends its reach in India BT Sport retains exclusive UEFA rights Diversity pays off for L'Oréal Supercheap Auto rethinks sponsorship Coffee sales challenge tea in Asia View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Ecommerce * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... News By Location * Amsterdam   Amsterdam   Netherlands * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 IPO of Icecat successful and trade commences at NPEX Retail investors have subscribed to more than € 4.4 million in digital receipts     Spread the Word Listed Under Tag: * Ecommerce Industry: * Business Location: * Amsterdam - Amsterdam - NetherlandsAMSTERDAM, Netherlands - March 2, 2017 - PRLog -- THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER, OR THE SOLLICITATION OF AN OFFER, TO BUY OR SELL SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. PRESS RELEASE IPO of Icecat successful and trade commences at NPEX Amsterdam, The Netherlands, March 3, 2017: Today, the trade in digital receipts Icecat at NPEX started. The subscription process was successfully closed on Feb 10, 2017, and by Feb 17, 2017 the digital receipts of shares Icecat were all assigned to the respective subscribers at Dutch SME trading platform NPEX. Retail investors have subscribed to more than € 4.4 million in digital receipts at €10 each, which was clearly above the threshold of € 2.5 million. "The IPO listing process is successful.", says Icecat CEO Martijn Hoogeveen. "We are now using the proceeds to improve the systems, services and business of Icecat rapidly. The listing has not only increased Icecat's visibility in the business and financial community, but also fires up the team to take the bold actions that are needed to continue to rapidly expand the product information management business of Icecat around the globe." About Icecat NV Icecat NV, which has recently announced its IPO, is a global publisher and syndicator of product information for the e-commerce market. Icecat NV, founded in 2009, works with  some 50,000 webshops and hundreds of brands such as Philips, Sony, Samsung, HP, P&G, L'Oréal. Icecat includes the subsidiaries Icecat LLC (Icecat Ukraine) and Icecat Content Sourcing OÜ (Icecat Estonia), and participation Hatch B.V. The cost centers Icecat Ukraine and Icecat Estonia are responsible for hiring editor and software developer capacity. Hatch BV (formerly Iceleads) delivers smart "Buy Now" buttons that help manufacturers to turn their websites into measurable lead generators for their online retailers. Icecat is finalizing its acquisition of Iceshop BV, an ecommerce software developer which is also part of the iMerge ecommerce group. See http://www.iceclog.com Contact Martijn Hoogeveen ***@icecat.biz End Source : Icecat NV Email : ***@icecat.biz Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse ICEcat News Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE) loses trademark case from ICECAT in Europe takeMS and ICEcat co-operate in providing free product info to the channel TakeItNow.com -the first Dutch online computershop- sold to ACES Direct by iMerge.nl Trending Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine CatWise Cat Café Tour Presented by Wellness® Natural Pet Food at Brooklyn Cat Café HipHop Showcase Bridging the Gap Between the Midwest and the South Eric Skye will be performing at Tobias Music on Saturday, April 8 Toshiba Introduces High-Resolution 5MP Bullet Camera with Enhanced Nighttime Video Surveillance Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 02, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Photos Videos Topics Live AUS 112/10 (35.4) - IND 274/10 (97.1) Live SL 156/3 (53.4) - BAN (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# IPL 2017 Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Academy Finance sector continue to dominate offers in IIM-C placements Shares1 Thu, 2 Mar 2017-10:28pm , PTI With an international package offer amounting to 90,000 Euros per annum, Finance sector continued to churn out maximum number of offers in the final placement process at the IIM-Calcutta PGDM batch of 2017. The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, a release issued by the Institution today said. The entire process was completed with 100 per cent placement for the batch within three days, which witnessed a total of 474 top notch offers including significant number of international offers. In the Finance sector, 29 per cent of the total offers were made by top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachsa and HSBC, it said. The Consulting sector emerged as the second highest recruiter contributing to 22 per cent of the total offers from Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG and McKinsey, the release said. There were 15 per cent of offers from General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla and TAS, it said. Sales and marketing firms contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers given by the HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser, the release said. Besides, e-commerce and IT firms contributed to 14 per cent of the total offers and companies like Amazon, Wipro etc hired in big numbers. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Academy Teacher Talk: Teach the teacher Academy Students with 21 different disabilities to get relief from Maha education department Academy RTI reveals major gaps in schoolbag weight issue Academy Teaching, not short of heaven on earth Academy Government nod for 4,000 PG seats in medical colleges Academy Unfazed by health issues, Mumbai student appears for HSC exams Live Cricket Score Live AUS 112/10 (35.4), 276/10 (122.4) AUS need 76 runs to win IND 274/10 (97.1), 189/10 (71.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 156/3 (53.4) BAN (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Video Watch: What the hell is Chammak Challo? Here's what happens when you rewrite sexist Bollywood lyrics! WATCH: This song about demonetization blues is a laugh riot! WATCH: Mallika Dua has a hilarious way to promote safe sex in AIB's new video! View all Tags HSBC Reckitt Benckiser Wipro ABG Amazon Avendus BCG Bain CK Birla General Management ITC Kearney McKinsey P&G SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News China calls for ceasefire after Myanmar border region clashes Forest teams camping in biodiversity park to track panthers "By contrast religious leaders were seen as far cleaner, Obra, Duddhi voters to elect ST candidate for first time Govt. deeply concerned at killing of Indian fisherman MEA Sport #INDvAUS, 2nd Test: India on the verge of a famous win as Australia are reduced to 101 for 6 at Tea Rugby-Lions without five Boks for Buenos Aires cat fight Champions League: Barcelona believe in Paris Saint-Germain 'miracle' mission Tennis-Tennis Australia president Healy to resign next month `Out-of-favour` Akmal declares himself fit to make Pak return Entertainment Meet Noor! Sonakshi steps into the shoes of journalist ​​Sonam Kapoor ​REVEALS which is​​ ​her favourite book to read!​ Doctor Who: Peter Capaldi's Time Lord will end the run fighting old foes, Mondasian Cybermen Bipasha Basu BREAKS SILENCE on being accused of unprofessional behaviour! CBFC wants 11 cuts in 'Anaarkali of Aarah': producer Money Blowhorn raises Rs 25 crore from IDG Ventures, others PFC provides Rs 2,703 cr to WB's 1st super critical project Copper, nickel weaken on global cues, muted demand Paytm to dismiss cancellation charge for bus ticket bookings The product offerings form the front-line in the passenger Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #InfosysVsFounders #Demonetisation #Budget2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Wenger not interested in Barcelona job Trump to push Pentagon upgrade aboard US aircraft carrier Business Standard Finance sector continue to dominate offers in IIM-C placements Press Trust of India  |  Kolkata  March 2, 2017 Last Updated at 22:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UU6TEc ALSO READ Goldman Sachs files $1 billion countersuit against Indonesian businessman Goldman Sachs files $1 bln countersuit against Indonesian businessman Geeks venture into Goldman Sachs' world of big deals and egos Goldman Sachs rejects Indonesian businessman's $1.1 bln claim over share trade Exclusive: Goldman Sachs hedge fund folding London operations, shifting staff to U.S. - sources With an international package offer amounting to 90,000 Euros per annum, Finance sector continued to churn out maximum number of offers in the final placement process at the IIM-Calcutta PGDM batch of 2017. The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, a release issued by the Institution today said. The entire process was completed with 100 per cent placement for the batch within three days, which witnessed a total of 474 top notch offers including significant number of international offers. In the Finance sector, 29 per cent of the total offers were made by top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachsa and HSBC, it said. The Consulting sector emerged as the second highest recruiter contributing to 22 per cent of the total offers from Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG and McKinsey, the release said. There were 15 per cent of offers from General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla and TAS, it said. Sales and marketing firms contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers given by the HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser, the release said. Besides, e-commerce and IT firms contributed to 14 per cent of the total offers and companies like Amazon, Wipro etc hired in big numbers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Finance | Accenture | Goldman Sachs | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Finance sector continue to dominate offers in IIM-C placements With an international package offer amounting to 90,000 Euros per annum, Finance sector continued to churn out maximum number of offers in the final placement process at the IIM-Calcutta PGDM batch of 2017. The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, a release issued by the Institution today said. The entire process was completed with 100 per cent placement for the batch within three days, which witnessed a total of 474 top notch offers including significant number of international offers. In the Finance sector, 29 per cent of the total offers were made by top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachsa and HSBC, it said. The Consulting sector emerged as the second highest recruiter contributing to 22 per cent of the total offers from Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG and McKinsey, the release said. There were 15 per cent of offers from General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla and TAS, it said. Sales and marketing firms contributed to 12 per cent of the total ... With an international package offer amounting to 90,000 Euros per annum, Finance sector continued to churn out maximum number of offers in the final placement process at the IIM-Calcutta PGDM batch of 2017. The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, a release issued by the Institution today said. The entire process was completed with 100 per cent placement for the batch within three days, which witnessed a total of 474 top notch offers including significant number of international offers. In the Finance sector, 29 per cent of the total offers were made by top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachsa and HSBC, it said. The Consulting sector emerged as the second highest recruiter contributing to 22 per cent of the total offers from Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG and McKinsey, the release said. There were 15 per cent of offers from General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla and TAS, it said. Sales and marketing firms contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers given by the HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser, the release said. Besides, e-commerce and IT firms contributed to 14 per cent of the total offers and companies like Amazon, Wipro etc hired in big numbers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Finance sector continue to dominate offers in IIM-C placements With an international package offer amounting to 90,000 Euros per annum, Finance sector continued to churn out maximum number of offers in the final placement process at the IIM-Calcutta PGDM batch of 2017. The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, a release issued by the Institution today said. The entire process was completed with 100 per cent placement for the batch within three days, which witnessed a total of 474 top notch offers including significant number of international offers. In the Finance sector, 29 per cent of the total offers were made by top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachsa and HSBC, it said. The Consulting sector emerged as the second highest recruiter contributing to 22 per cent of the total offers from Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG and McKinsey, the release said. There were 15 per cent of offers from General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla and TAS, it said. Sales and marketing firms contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers given by the HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser, the release said. Besides, e-commerce and IT firms contributed to 14 per cent of the total offers and companies like Amazon, Wipro etc hired in big numbers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Top 3 Trends Impacting the Global Liquid Detergent Market Through 2021: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global liquid detergent market from 2017-2021. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global liquid detergent market from 2017-2021. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 02, 2017 12:23 PM Eastern Standard Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio’s latest market research report on the global liquid detergent market provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017-2021. Technavio defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline. Arushi Thakur, an industry expert from Technavio, specializing in research on cosmetics and toiletry sector says, “The increasing awareness about the advantages of using liquid detergents and steadily rising disposable incomes are leading to high penetration of liquid detergents in households globally. Vendors are experimenting with fragrances, natural ingredients, and other ways to improve the effectiveness of their products.” Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=55619 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. The top three emerging market trends driving the global liquid detergent market according to Technavio consumer and retail research analysts are: Marketing initiatives Introduction of liquid laundry detergent pods Growth in online retail for personal care products Marketing initiatives While vendors in the market continue to invest in regular marketing activities, they are also focusing on strategies to attract regional customers. In APAC, vendors are using push marketing strategy by making consumers aware about their products to increase their penetration rates in households. One of the ways they do this is through the distribution of free samples of products to make consumers try their products. For example, Unilever distributes free samples of its Surf liquid detergent sachets to encourage consumers to try their products. The boom in organized retail in key countries in the APAC region has helped vendors in utilizing point-of-sale promotions by having a specific counter and dedicated sales staff to promote their products. “In developed countries like the US, vendors are using the product-bundling strategy, offering price discounts on the purchase of a bundle of a brand's different product lines of laundry care products, which includes detergent, fabric conditioner, and stain removers,” says Arushi. Introduction of liquid laundry detergent pods The introduction of liquid laundry pods by the leading players has had a great impact in the global market. The laundry pod is a one-stop solution, and the benefits offered by the pods are superior to liquid or powder detergents sold in packages; these liquid detergent pods are convenient to use and are compatible with every kind of washing machine. Though there have been some concerns regarding children's exposure to pods in the US, the trend is not likely to decline soon. Manufacturers have already taken protective measures such as changing the product packaging to protect children. Operating detergent pods in the market are from brands such as Tide (P&G), Arm & Hammer (Church & Dwight), and Purex (Henkel). Growth in online retail for personal care products E-retailing is the fastest-growing distribution channel in the global liquid detergent market. The revenue generated from online retailing of personal care products is expected to reach USD 3 trillion by 2020. The biggest players in the online retail market for liquid detergents are Amazon, Walgreens, and Target. The growing number of online websites that offer a wide range of liquid detergent products has increased the demand for these products, especially among working parents who seek easy accessibility and convenience. The e-retailing of various products, including liquid detergent, is gaining popularity primarily because of it being a time-saving and cost-effective process of purchasing products. Browse Related Reports: Global Liquid Detergent Chemicals Market 2016-2020 Global Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016-2020 Global Flavors and Fragrances Market 2016-2020 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like pet supplies, retail systems, and toys and baby products. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary Technavio’s latest market research report on the global liquid detergent market provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017-2021. #Hashtags #Technavio #Research #liquiddetergent #CosmeticsAndToiletry Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
null
03072017Headline: Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 14 mins ago Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports 15 mins ago Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports 16 mins ago Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports 24 mins ago Global Active Suspension Systems Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Survey, Market Size, Competitive Trends: Acute Market Reports 26 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Hand Sanitizer Gels Market Opportunities, Trends, Size And Market Share 2016 – 2023 – Credence Research Hand Sanitizer Gels Market Opportunities, Trends, Size And Market Share 2016 – 2023 – Credence Research March 2, 2017 | by Rafael Hudson | According to a new market report published by Credence Research Inc “Hand Sanitizer Gel Market – Middle East and Africa Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2022,”  the Middle East and Africa hand sanitizer gel market is expected to The demand for hand sanitizers has gained momentum resulting from the prevalence of contagious maladies including avian flu, SARS, H1N1, and the recent Ebola virus disease. Periodic outbreak of these diseases paired with the fear of their continual pervasiveness, especially in Africa is one of the major factors driving demand for hand sanitizer gels in the region. Browse Full Report @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-gel-market As of 2015, the sales of hand sanitizer gels in Middle East and Africa was maximum through supermarkets and hypermarkets collectively in terms of both revenue. The revenue share of the segment stood at 31.2% in the same year. The trend shall prolong and the segment is presumed to hold on to its leading position throughout the forecast period 2016 – 2023. The anticipated growth in the segment will be driven by greater discounts offered by supermarkets and hypermarkets as compared to convenience stores. On the other hand, e-tailing which is relatively a newer trend in MEA is expected to witness surge in sales with the evolving digital habits of consumers during the forecast period. As of 2015, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia represented the largest individual hand sanitizer gel market in Middle-East and Africa. The country accounted for 25.6% of the global region’s market revenue in the same year. The market growth in the country can be largely credited to use of scentless hand sanitizer gels by Haj pilgrims. Haj groups and Tawafa establishments are placing large quantities of hand sanitizer gels, at the entrances of their camps in the holy sites. On the other hand, South Africa is expected to emerge as the most attractivehand sanitizer gel market in Middle-East and Africa market during the forecast period 2016 – 2023. The overall hand sanitizers gel market is highly fragmented in nature with existence of several regional as well as global players in the market. The hand sanitizer gel market in the MEA region is majorly governed by the presence of global companies in the region. The overall consumer care products market is competitive in nature, making the overall hand sanitizers gel market highly competitive. Browse Full Report @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-gel-market Major companies such as Procter & Gamble (P&G), Reckitt Benckiser, Unilever and others provide hand sanitizers as a part of their vast consumer care product portfolio. Thus, there can be seen large number of consumer care giants in the market operating across the healthcare, consumer care and home care products segment. About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Who we are Credence Research is a worldwide firm, containing more than 15 research consultants and almost 100 research and information professionals. Our customers mirror our worldwide nature. Around 45% are in Europe, 30% in the Americas, 13% in Asia Pacific and 12% in the Middle East and Africa. Our firm is intended to work as one. We are a solitary global research organization united by a solid arrangement of qualities, concentrated on customer effect. What we do We serve customers at each level of their organization, in whatever limit we can be most helpful, whether as a trusted counsel to top management or as a hands-on mentor for forefront representatives. For each engagement, we collect a group with the most suitable experience and ability. No matter the challenge, we concentrate on delivering functional and persevering results, and preparing our customers to develop and lead. We join forces with customers to place suggestions into practice. Our research specialist work straightforwardly with customers over long stretches to create workforce aptitudes, drive operational change, and apply new working strategies. Contact: Name: Chris Smith Designation: Global Sales Manager E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web:  Credence Research Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Global Active Suspension Systems Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Survey, Market Size, Competitive Trends: Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Fashion Beauty Living Health Entertainment Tech News Follow Us Video The Skinny Style Out There Shatterbox Anthology Trying Living With Lucie Womanhood 60 Seconds To Fit All R29 Series Fashion Styling Tips Designers Street Style Trends Celebs & Influencers College Shopping Boutiques Beauty How To Videos Hair Nails Makeup Skin Care Fragrance Celebs & Influencers Beauty Prep School Living Travel Home Food & Drinks Work & Money Weddings Health Trends Diet & Nutrition Fitness Sex Spirit Entertainment News TV Movies Books & Art Music Pop Culture Red Carpet Tech News Vote Your Values Election 2016 Culture People U.S. News World News Follow refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Now Reading This Ad Packs A Powerful Gender-Equality Message This Ad Delivers A Powerful Message On Gender Equality Andrea Gonzalez-Ramirez Photographed by Refinery29. March 1 kicks off the start of Women's History Month, when we celebrate all the strong, intelligent, and creative women who have made our world better. But we know that despite the contributions women have made to society and the gains we have made, there is still rampant gender inequality worldwide. Advertisement That's why Procter & Gamble's new ad is the inspiration you need to fight for women and girls' rights all over the world. P&G, as the company is more commonly known, went all in for International Women's Day with one simple message: #WeSeeEqual. The video shows various mundane situations in which many of us would associate a behavior with a gender. A father changing his baby's diaper. A grandmother trying bungee jumping. Two girls working on a science experiment. There's a common thread here: Objects and emotions have no gender. So, why do we insist on continuing practices and behaviors that promote inequality? Why do we keep believing the idea that men don't cry or girls aren't smart enough be scientists? P&G understands its role as an advertiser, so the brand decided International Women's Day was the perfect opportunity to promote an equal voice and equal representation for the genders. Other ads for its brands have already commented on social issues (Always #LikeAGirl, anyone?), and this month gives P&G the chance to take another stand. "We see it as a responsibility for us to use that voice to reach out and tackle some of these issues that we face today, not only in the U.S., but also all around the world," Allison Tummon-Kamphuis, P&G's program leader of gender equality, told Refinery29. Advertisement The end goal, after watching the ad, is for people to begin honest dialogues with each other about gender roles. "We're aspiring to create a better world for everyone. We want a world that's free from gender bias and with equal representation and an equal voice for women and men," Tressie Rose, a P&G spokesperson, told Refinery29. "It's a big aspiration. But we hope that the #WeSeeEqual video will hopefully spark conversations and will continue some great discussions and progress." Watch the video below. Advertisement Living • News • Work & Money • World News Photographed by Refinery29. More from Work & Money Genius YouTube Video Makes Worldwide Demographics Easy To Understand Living Michelle Christin... 6 hours ago 31 Ways To Save Money Every Day In March Work & Money Michelle Christin... 9 hours ago The Iconic Brawny Man Logo Is Now The Brawny Woman Work & Money Michelle Christin... Mar 5, 2017 The Working-Woman Problem We Don't Talk About Work & Money Lindsey Stanberry Sep 4, 2016 A Week In Brooklyn On A $34,000 Salary Money Diaries You Mar 5, 2017 So You Think You Can Govern: Search & Recuse Work & Money Alison Leiby Mar 4, 2017 This European Lawmaker's Sexist Comments Should Make You Mad As Hell Work & Money Andrea Gonzalez-R... Mar 3, 2017 Successful People Swear By These Morning Habits Dedicated Feature Claire Fontanetta Feb 20, 2017 A Week In Chicago On A $40,000 Salary Money Diaries You Mar 3, 2017 Till Travel Ban Do Us Part: One Couple’s Story From Across Donald Trump’s... News Laura Norkin Mar 2, 2017 The Present Is Female: Learn How 4 Entrepreneurs Started Their Companies Work & Money Refinery29 Mar 2, 2017 8 Things That Do NOT Hurt Your Credit Score Work & Money Amelia Edelman Mar 1, 2017 31 Things Every Feminist Needs To Know Work & Money Lily di Costanzo ... Mar 1, 2017 How To Tell Your Boss You're Participating In The March 8 Women's Strike Work & Money Natalie Gontcharova Feb 28, 2017 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 2/07/2017) and Privacy (effective 2/07/2017). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Nation SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Evan Horowitz: Understanding the proposal for replacing Obamacare Two sisters, one house, and a mystery Together for 97 years, twin sisters meet a tragic end Interview between Stephanopoulos, Trump aide gets unusually tense Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In UN climate chief’s request to meet Tillerson goes unanswered E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share EPA/File Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. By Joe Ryan Bloomberg News  March 02, 2017 The top United Nations climate change official continues to wait for a response to her request to meet with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson over whether the U.S. will remain in the landmark Paris environmental accord. Patricia Espinosa, executive secretary of the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change, asked for a sitdown with Tillerson before leaving for a visit to the U.S. this week. In an interview Wednesday, she said she’d heard nothing from the State Department in return. Advertisement “I have not heard back. It is understandable at the beginning of an administration,’’ Espinosa said after speaking at a climate change conference in Chicago “They are a very important partner to us, and I’m looking forward to working together.’’ A State Department spokesman didn’t respond to a request for comment. Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Urging Action During her remarks in Chicago, Espinosa urged an audience of business executives to voluntarily reduce emissions and set the tone for politicians who are reluctant to enact aggressive environmental policies. The event drew executives from some of the largest U.S companies, including General Motors Co., United Continental Holdings Inc. and Procter & Gamble Co. “Policy makers must hear that action is happening,’’ Espinosa said. “They need to have confidence that this action will back their decisions.’’ Advertisement Espinosa didn’t mention by name President Donald Trump, who vowed during the recent U.S. election campaign to exit the agreement but later said he would keep an open mind. Asked last week about his plans for the accord, a White House spokesman said Trump and Tillerson were discussing the matter. Espinosa, who is based in Bonn, took over in May as executive secretary of the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change and oversees the process of implementing the Paris agreement, which was brokered in 2015 by 195 nations. Dire Consequences The accord, broader than any previous climate agreement, calls for reducing pollution in hopes of limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) above temperatures at the outset of the industrial revolution. Environmental groups have warned of dire consequences if the U.S. abandons the Paris Accord. As the richest nation and the second-largest polluter, U.S. efforts are central to keeping climate change from hitting an irreversible tipping point, unleashing catastrophic floods, droughts and storms, scientists say. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Surfactants Market - Asia Pacific Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024 By Published: Mar 1, 2017 9:45 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- acific Surfactants Market: Overview Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04743084-summary/view-report.html Surfactants or surface active agents are organic compounds produced from petrochemical raw materials such as ethylene and benzene or oleo-chemical raw materials such as palm oil or coconut oil. It is commercially available as cationic, anionic, amphoteric, non ionic and other (silicone, etc.) surfactants. In terms of application, personal care and paints & coatings held majority share in the Asia Pacific surfactants market. Rising demand from these industries is projected to boost surfactants market during the forecast period. This study analyzes, estimates, and forecasts the Asia Pacific surfactants market in terms of volume (Tons) and revenue (US$ Mn) from 2015 to 2024. The report also analyzes several driving and restraining factors and their impact on the market during the forecast period. Asia Pacific Surfactants Market: Segmentation The report provides a detailed view of the surfactants market based on applications. Key applications included in the report are personal care, oilfield chemicals, paints & coatings, emulsion polymerization, agrochemicals and concrete additives. In terms of product types, the market is segmented into: cationic, anionic, non ionic, amphoteric and others (silicone surfactants, etc.). Furthermore, the report segments the market based on key geographies such as China, Japan, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, Philippines, South Korea, and Australia. It also provides market volume and revenue for each application and product under every country level segment. Based on applications, product and countries, the report analyzes the attractiveness of each segment with the help of an attractiveness tool. The study includes value chain analysis, which provides a better understanding of key players in the supply chain (from raw material manufacturers to end-users). Additionally, the study analyzes market competition and industry players using Porter's five forces analysis. Asia Pacific Surfactants Market: Research MethodologyPrimary research represents the bulk of our research efforts, supplemented by an extensive secondary research. We reviewed key players' product literature, annual reports, press releases, and relevant documents for competitive analysis and market understanding. Secondary research includes a search of recent trade, technical writing, internet sources, and statistical data from government websites, trade associations, and agencies. This has proven to be the most reliable, effective, and successful approach for obtaining precise market data, capturing industry participants' insights, and recognizing business opportunities. Secondary research sources that are typically referred to include company websites, annual reports, financial reports, broker reports, investor presentations, and SEC filings, internal and external proprietary databases, and relevant patent and regulatory databases. Other sources include national government documents, statistical databases, and market reports, news articles, and press releases and webcasts specific to the companies operating in the market. Secondary sources referred for the study of the surfactants market include InfoMine, U.S. Geological Survey, Internet Archive Educational Portal, and company presentations. Key Players Mentioned in this Report are:Key players profiled in the surfactants study include ADM, Akzo Nobel N. V., Galaxy Surfactants, Dow Chemical, BASF S.E, Huntsman Corporation, Lonza Group, Evonik Industries, P & G Chemicals, Clariant International Ltd. and Stepan Company. The report segments the Asia Pacific surfactants market into: Surfactants Market – Product Analysis Cationic Anionic Amphoteric Non ionic Others (Silicone surfactants, etc.) Surfactants Market – Application Analysis Personal Care Oilfield Chemicals Paints & Coatings Emulsion Polymerization Agrochemicals Concrete Additives Surfactants Market – Country Analysis China Japan Indonesia Malaysia Thailand Vietnam Philippines South Korea Australia Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04743084-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/surfactants-market---asia-pacific-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300416604.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles This is the future of air travel, says KLM's CEO MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Surfactants Market - Asia Pacific Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Mar 01, 2017, 21:45 ET Share this article NEW YORK, March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- acific Surfactants Market: Overview Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04743084-summary/view-report.html Surfactants or surface active agents are organic compounds produced from petrochemical raw materials such as ethylene and benzene or oleo-chemical raw materials such as palm oil or coconut oil. It is commercially available as cationic, anionic, amphoteric, non ionic and other (silicone, etc.) surfactants. In terms of application, personal care and paints & coatings held majority share in the Asia Pacific surfactants market. Rising demand from these industries is projected to boost surfactants market during the forecast period. This study analyzes, estimates, and forecasts the Asia Pacific surfactants market in terms of volume (Tons) and revenue (US$ Mn) from 2015 to 2024. The report also analyzes several driving and restraining factors and their impact on the market during the forecast period. Asia Pacific Surfactants Market: Segmentation The report provides a detailed view of the surfactants market based on applications. Key applications included in the report are personal care, oilfield chemicals, paints & coatings, emulsion polymerization, agrochemicals and concrete additives. In terms of product types, the market is segmented into: cationic, anionic, non ionic, amphoteric and others (silicone surfactants, etc.). Furthermore, the report segments the market based on key geographies such as China, Japan, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, Philippines, South Korea, and Australia. It also provides market volume and revenue for each application and product under every country level segment. Based on applications, product and countries, the report analyzes the attractiveness of each segment with the help of an attractiveness tool. The study includes value chain analysis, which provides a better understanding of key players in the supply chain (from raw material manufacturers to end-users). Additionally, the study analyzes market competition and industry players using Porter's five forces analysis. Asia Pacific Surfactants Market: Research Methodology Primary research represents the bulk of our research efforts, supplemented by an extensive secondary research. We reviewed key players' product literature, annual reports, press releases, and relevant documents for competitive analysis and market understanding. Secondary research includes a search of recent trade, technical writing, internet sources, and statistical data from government websites, trade associations, and agencies. This has proven to be the most reliable, effective, and successful approach for obtaining precise market data, capturing industry participants' insights, and recognizing business opportunities. Secondary research sources that are typically referred to include company websites, annual reports, financial reports, broker reports, investor presentations, and SEC filings, internal and external proprietary databases, and relevant patent and regulatory databases. Other sources include national government documents, statistical databases, and market reports, news articles, and press releases and webcasts specific to the companies operating in the market. Secondary sources referred for the study of the surfactants market include InfoMine, U.S. Geological Survey, Internet Archive Educational Portal, and company presentations. Key Players Mentioned in this Report are: Key players profiled in the surfactants study include ADM, Akzo Nobel N. V., Galaxy Surfactants, Dow Chemical, BASF S.E, Huntsman Corporation, Lonza Group, Evonik Industries, P & G Chemicals, Clariant International Ltd. and Stepan Company. The report segments the Asia Pacific surfactants market into: Surfactants Market – Product Analysis Cationic Anionic Amphoteric Non ionic Others (Silicone surfactants, etc.) Surfactants Market – Application Analysis Personal Care Oilfield Chemicals Paints & Coatings Emulsion Polymerization Agrochemicals Concrete Additives Surfactants Market – Country Analysis China Japan Indonesia Malaysia Thailand Vietnam Philippines South Korea Australia Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04743084-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/surfactants-market---asia-pacific-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300416604.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Mar 01, 2017, 21:53 ET Preview: Next Generation Energy Storage Technologies (EST) Market Prospects 2016: Analysis of Technology Maturity, Performance & Commercialisation of Mechanical, Chemical, Electrical & Electrochemical Mar 01, 2017, 21:41 ET Preview: Wound Debridement Products Market: Hospitals Segment Anticipated to be the Most Attractive End User Segment: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2024 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 06, 2017, 23:08 ETMice Model Market by Type, Technology, Application, Service &... Mar 06, 2017, 23:05 ETStarter Feed Market by Type, Ingredient, Livestock, Form, and... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Surfactants Market - Asia Pacific Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Mar 01, 2017, 21:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe UN Climate Chief's Request to Meet Tillerson Goes Unanswered by Joe Ryan @JoeRyanNews More stories by Joe Ryan March 1, 2017, 9:31 PM EST March 2, 2017, 1:21 PM EST Patricia Espinosa visiting U.S. to discuss Paris Accord She urges business leaders to voluntarily cut emissions Trump's Top Diplomat Comes With Love From Russia The top United Nations climate change official continues to wait for a response to her request to meet with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson over whether the U.S. will remain in the landmark Paris environmental accord. Patricia Espinosa, executive secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change,  asked for a sitdown with Tillerson before leaving for a visit to the U.S. this week. In an interview Wednesday, she said she’d heard nothing from the State Department in return. Patricia Espinosa Photographer: Susana Gonzalez/Bloomberg “I have not heard back. It is understandable at the beginning of an administration,’’ Espinosa said after speaking at a climate change conference in Chicago “They are a very important partner to us, and I’m looking forward to working together.’’ A State Department spokesman didn’t respond to a request for comment. The silence from the State Department comes amid questions over the U.S. stance on climate change. While President Donald Trump has questioned it, Tillerson acknowledged that the planet is warming while he served as chief executive officer of Exxon Mobil Corp., and his successor last week called for a carbon tax to discourage the use of polluting fuels. ‘Climate Threat’ Environmentalists expressed disappointment that the top UN climate official would not have the opportunity to discuss the issue with a State Department representative. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up “It is unfortunate that Secretary Tillerson was unwilling to meet with Executive Secretary Espinosa,” Alden Meyer, director of policy at the Union of Concerned Scientists, said in an emailed statement Thursday. “Climate change represents a clear and present danger to the prosperity, security and quality of life of all Americans, and threatens the development prospects and stability of other countries. Addressing the climate threat is thus mission-critical for Secretary Tillerson and his State Department.” During her remarks in Chicago, Espinosa urged an audience of business executives to voluntarily reduce emissions and set the tone for politicians who are reluctant to enact aggressive environmental policies. The event drew executives from some of the largest U.S companies, including General Motors Co., United Continental Holdings Inc. and Procter & Gamble Co. “Policy makers must hear that action is happening,’’ Espinosa said. “They need to have confidence that this action will back their decisions.’’ Espinosa didn’t mention Trump, who vowed during the recent U.S. election campaign to exit the agreement but later said he would keep an open mind. Asked last week about his plans for the accord, a White House spokesman said Trump and Tillerson were discussing the matter. Espinosa, who is based in Bonn, took over in May as executive secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change and oversees the process of implementing the Paris agreement, which was brokered in 2015 by 195 nations. Dire Consequences The accord, broader than any previous climate agreement, calls for reducing pollution in hopes of limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) above temperatures at the outset of the industrial revolution. Environmental groups have warned of dire consequences if the U.S. abandons the Paris Accord. As the richest nation and the second-largest polluter, U.S. efforts are central to keeping climate change from hitting an irreversible tipping point, unleashing catastrophic floods, droughts and storms, scientists say. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate IIM Calcutta placements: top domestic salary at ₹70 lakh/annum Our Bureau comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Kolkata, March 3:   IIM Calcutta has completed the final placement process for the PGDM batch of 2017. The entire process was completed within three days. The highest domestic package was to the tune of ₹70 lakh per annum, whereas the highest international package was at $130,000 per annum. As has been the trend in previous years, most of the placements were in the finance sector. Nearly 29 per cent of the offers were in the finance sector with Arga Investment, BAML, Citibank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JPMC, among others being the major companies. With 22 per cent of the total offers, consulting emerged as the second highest recruiter. Top recruiters in this sector were Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, McKinsey, a press release from the institute said. General management firms made nearly 15 per cent of the offers with the Aditya Birla Group, CK Birla Group and TAS being the major names. Sales and marketing roles contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers with firms like HUL, ITC, P&G, Reckitt Benckiser leading the pack. E-commerce and IT accounted for 14 per cent of the total offers with companies with Amazon, Wipro and others being the major draw. (This article was published on March 3, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS education | management education | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Prof Vijay Govindarajan speaks on B-school education ‘B-schools should be able to balance management practice and academic research’ more videos» O P E N close Recent Article in Education MT Educare looks to sew up alliance with Nspira Education support and coaching services firm MT Educare today said it is evaluating a potential strategic collaboration with Nspira Mana... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate IIM-A final placements for PGP 2017 batch conclude; PwC, American Express among top recruiters Our Bureau comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Cluster 3 witnesses audit & advisory and tech companies making offers Ahmedabad, March 3:   For the third cluster of the final placements at the Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad (IIM-A) for its 2017 batch of Post Graduate Programme (PGP), technology players along with audit & advisory and banking companies made recruitment offers. With the third cluster placements taking place on February 19, the final placement process at the institute was concluded. Among the top recruiters were PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), banking leaders American Express and RBL, besides technology players Rivigo, Sprinklr and e-payment major MobiKwik. The third cluster comprised of 6 cohorts, which included Advisory & Audit Consulting, Banking, Financial Services & Insurance, Edutech, Internet & E-commerce, Infrastructure & Core Manufacturing, and Technology. EXL extended the highest number of offers in the technology cluster, with a total of six offers. Team Rivigo commented on the recruitment experience at IIM-Ahmedabad. It said: “It was a great experience interviewing the best talent in the country, who are equally passionate to transform the Indian logistics industry.” The placements under Cluster 1 and Cluster 2 were conducted on February 14 and 16, respectively. The second cluster consisted of five cohorts in the areas of Consumer Goods and Services, General Management, Niche Consulting, Pharmaceuticals and Technology with companies such as Airtel, Asian Paints, HUL, ITC, Nestlé, P&G, Reckitt Benckiser and Samsung making offers to the PGP students. The first cluster held on February 14 saw some regular recruiters such as Accenture Strategy, A. T. Kearney, Bain & Co., Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, McKinsey & Company, Oliver Wyman and others making offers. (This article was published on March 3, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS Who's hiring? | economy, business and finance | management | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Prof Vijay Govindarajan speaks on B-school education ‘B-schools should be able to balance management practice and academic research’ more videos» O P E N close Recent Article in Education MT Educare looks to sew up alliance with Nspira Education support and coaching services firm MT Educare today said it is evaluating a potential strategic collaboration with Nspira Mana... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Accumulate J.B. Chemicals; target of Rs 386: CD Equisearch - Cash position in economy may not be enough till March: Nomura Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Economy Mar 03, 2017, 01.29 PM | Source: Moneycontrol.com IIM Calcutta students placed in 3 days, top offer at Rs 70 lakh There were total 474 offers including significant number of International offers. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 IIM Calcutta students placed in 3 days, top offer at Rs 70 lakh There were total 474 offers including significant number of International offers. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Moneycontrol News Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Calcutta completed its final placements in three days for the post graduate diploma in the management batch of 2017. The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, whereas the highest international package amounted to USD 130,000 per annum. There were total 474 offers including significant number of international offers. Finance sector continued to churn out the maximum number of offers thus strengthening the image of IIM Calcutta as the finance campus of Asia. About 29 percent of the total offers were made in this sector by top recruiters like Arga Investment, BAML, Citibank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JPMC. Consulting sector emerged as the second highest recruiter contributing to 22 percent of the total offers made. Top recruiters in this sector were Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, McKinsey. General Management firms also recruited in big numbers this year. Here, 15 percent offers were made in this sector by top firms like Aditya Birla Group, CK Birla Group, TAS, among others. Sales & marketing roles contributed to 12 percent of the total offers, predominantly given by firms like HUL , ITC , P&G, Reckitt Benckiser.   Apart from these, e-commerce and IT roles also contributed to 14 percent of the total offers and companies like Amazon, Wipro hired in big numbers. Tags  IIM Calcutta Hindustan Unilever ITC Wipro Related Stories Finance sector continue to dominate offers in IIM-C placements The entire process was completed with 100 per cent Buy HUL, HDFC Bank, AB Nuvo, Vedanta; sell Indo Count: Sukhani Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the vie Buy Hindustan Unilever, Tata Global, Motherson Sumi: Wagle Sandeep Wagle of powermywealth.com recommends buyi Haldiram's knows exactly how to tickle the taste buds of Indians Haldiram’s, besides being a market leader in tra Set email alert for : Select Stocks HUL ITC Wipro Set Alert Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 IIM Calcutta students placed in 3 days, top offer at Rs 70 lakh See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Reliance Capital to sell its stake in Paytm to Alibaba: Sources Half of Bharat Fin's at-risk portfolio likely to go bad: Analyst Cabinet may approve new coal linkage policy next week: Sources You can soon pool your private car, if Uber has its way Nasscom may appoint special committee to discuss H-1B visa: Srcs New travel ban doesn't keep US safe: Indian-American lawmakers India announces new licensing policy to boost oil output Tata Motors debuts sports car with TAMO Racemo Finance Bill to be passed before March 31: Arun Jaitley See all Video of the day Don't chase mkt, wait for better price points: Birla Sun Life MF Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 Tax Calculator RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers E-Learning Franchise Opportunity India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News Detergent Alcohol Market to Witness Robust Expansion Throughout the Forecast Period, 2016 – 2026 Subtitle: The Detergent Alcohol Material Market report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies. Global Detergent Alcohol Material Market Dynamics Detergent alcohols find their major application in household/ industrial detergents and cleaners, personal care products, plasticizers and processing aid, lube oil additive, oilfield chemical, water and wastewater treatment chemicals and others. With holistic growth in these end-use industries, demand for detergent alcohols is also expected to increase at proportionately high CAGR through 2026. The abundant availability of raw material and increase in use of the detergent alcohol in variety of new application is also expected to augment market of detergent alcohol both on the supply as well as demand side.  Personal care segment, which include products such as soaps, shampoos, shower gels etc., is expected to witness high growth rate in the global detergent alcohol market between 2016 and 2026. Use of biodegradable and organic content is expected to be the main driving force for the use of detergent alcohols in personal care products. Global Detergent Alcohols Market: Regional Outlook Geographically, the global detergent alcohol market is segmented into seven major regions which include North America, Latin America, Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ), Japan, Western Europe, Eastern Europe and Middle East & Africa. Detergent alcohol finds its major application in consumer products. Due to high population and number of consumers, APEJ region is expected to hold a significant market share in the global detergent alcohol market. Besides, due to growing population and industrialization, APEJ detergent alcohol market is expected to registrar a high CAGR between 2016 and 2026. China is anticipated to remain a key consumer and producer of detergent alcohols in the global market. Global Detergent Alcohols Market Players Some of the key players identified in the global detergent alcohol market include Sasol Limited, Kao Corporation, Kuala Lumpur Ecogreen Oleochemicals, Musim Mas Holdings, Royal Dutch Shell plc, VVF L.L.C., Kepong Berhad (KLK), Procter & Gamble, Emery Oleochemicals, Wilmar International Ltd and others. The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to categories such as market segments, geographies, types and applications. Browse Full Report summary and to request sample report and table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/detergent-alcohol-market.asp CategoriesUncategorized TagsChemical & Material, Consumer, Detergent Alcohol Material, Detergent Alcohol Material Market, force, Google News, Industry, Machinery, major, Markets, satPRnews, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Benzyl Bromide Market Poised to Expand at a Robust Pace Over 2026 Next PostNext Phenolic Resins Market to receive overwhelming hike in Revenues by 2026 Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #InfosysVsFounders #Demonetisation #Budget2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News SIT on black money reveals data: Rs 70,000 cr illegal cash detected so far Business Standard IIM Calcutta placements: Top domestic salary package is Rs 70 lakh this yr The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers IANS  |  Kolkata  March 3, 2017 Last Updated at 10:40 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UU6T9c IIM Indore ALSO READ An IIM with just a couple of classrooms & no library Faculty travels 3,000 km to teach at IIM-Amritsar Shyamal Majumdar: Brand IIM takes a knock Global pay for flagship course up 39% at IIM-A New IIMs see slowdown in placements, several recruiters withdraw offers IIM Calcutta students of the 2017 Post Graduate Diploma in Management batch got lucrative offers in campus placement with the highest international package touching 90,000 Euros (over Rs 63 lakh) per annum while the best annual domestic package was Rs 70 lakh, the institute said on Thursday. The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers, with top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachs and HSBC visiting the campus, as all students of the batch got placements within a record three days in the second week of February. There were total 474 top-notch offers including significant number of international offers. "The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, whereas the highest international package amounted to 90,000 Euros per annum," the IIM said in a statement. Twenty-nine per cent of the offers came from the finance sector, while consulting emerged as the second highest recruiter by making 22 per cent of the total offers. Top recruiters in consulting were Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, and McKinsey. General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla, and TAS made 15 per cent of the offers. Sales and marketing roles contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers, predominantly offered by firms like HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser. Apart from these, e-commerce and IT companies made 14 per cent of the total offers, with companies like Amazon and Wipro hiring in large numbers. Read More On Iim | Iim Calcutta | Iim Placements | Iim Jobs | Job Placements | Finance | Marketing | Salary Packages | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? IIM Calcutta placements: Top domestic salary package is Rs 70 lakh this yr The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers IIM Calcutta students of the 2017 Post Graduate Diploma in Management batch got lucrative offers in campus placement with the highest international package touching 90,000 Euros (over Rs 63 lakh) per annum while the best annual domestic package was Rs 70 lakh, the institute said on Thursday. The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers, with top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachs and HSBC visiting the campus, as all students of the batch got placements within a record three days in the second week of February. There were total 474 top-notch offers including significant number of international offers. "The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, whereas the highest international package amounted to 90,000 Euros per annum," the IIM said in a statement. Twenty-nine per cent of the offers came from the finance sector, while consulting emerged as the second highest recruiter by making 22 per cent of the total offers. Top recruiters in consulting were Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, and McKinsey. General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla, and TAS made 15 per cent of the offers. Sales and marketing roles contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers, predominantly offered by firms like HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser. Apart from these, e-commerce and IT companies made 14 per cent of the total offers, with companies like Amazon and Wipro hiring in large numbers. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 IIM Calcutta placements: Top domestic salary package is Rs 70 lakh this yr The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers IIM Calcutta students of the 2017 Post Graduate Diploma in Management batch got lucrative offers in campus placement with the highest international package touching 90,000 Euros (over Rs 63 lakh) per annum while the best annual domestic package was Rs 70 lakh, the institute said on Thursday. The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers, with top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachs and HSBC visiting the campus, as all students of the batch got placements within a record three days in the second week of February. There were total 474 top-notch offers including significant number of international offers. "The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, whereas the highest international package amounted to 90,000 Euros per annum," the IIM said in a statement. Twenty-nine per cent of the offers came from the finance sector, while consulting emerged as the second highest recruiter by making 22 per cent of the total offers. Top recruiters in consulting were Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, and McKinsey. General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla, and TAS made 15 per cent of the offers. Sales and marketing roles contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers, predominantly offered by firms like HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser. Apart from these, e-commerce and IT companies made 14 per cent of the total offers, with companies like Amazon and Wipro hiring in large numbers. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Kolkata Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events Elections 2017 ALL News » City News » Kolkata News » Schools & Colleges » Offers dip, pay packages slide in final placements at IIM-C Offers dip, pay packages slide in final placements at IIM-CSomdatta Basu Demonetisation, or Trump effect, or Brexit cloud? Whatever it is, the number of job offers — both domestic and overseas — in this year’s campus placements at Indian Institute of Management-Calcutta has come down, breaking previous years’ trend. | TNN | Mar 3, 2017, 05.49 AM IST KOLKATA: Demonetisation, or Trump effect, or Brexit cloud? Whatever it is, the number of job offers — both domestic and overseas — in this year's campus placements at Indian Institute of Management-Calcutta has come down, breaking previous years' trend. However, rupee has outstaged dollar and euro so far as the fattest offer is concerned this time. Though the name of the company is not yet known, the student who has bagged the offer will be placed in India. According to sources at IIM-C, the highest package of Rs 70 lakh has pipped the highest international offer of Rs 63 lakh (90,000 euros). Fewer foreign companies turned up at IIM-C this year, perhaps a indication of uncertainties that cloud international recuitments in the wake of Britain's impending exit from the European Union and Donald Trump's nationalist rhetoric. However, both domestic and international offers are less than what the B-school has had in the past. In 2010, the highest salary had scaled Rs 1.6 crore from an international firm while an Indian company had made an offer of Rs 75 lakh. That year, the average salary had touched Rs 15.32 lakh. Cut to 2017 and the shadow of demonetisation appears to be still hanging low as IIM-C received fewer offers than last year. Against 499 offers in 2016, IIM-C received 474 offers this year. A placement officer, however, said the institute had placed all students. "There are many factors that has resulted in a depressing placement scenario. Firstly, demonetisation has taken a toll on startups and manufacturing. Numbers have gone down sharply in both sectors. Though we may reap the benefit of demonetisation later, for job aspirants, it has wrecked havoc in the final placement," said an IIM-C source. An official involved in the placement process said technology and B-school campuses were reeling under the heat of several negative factors. "We are relieved to have successfully concluded the final placement process for the 2017 PGDM batch in a record three days," he said. Finance and analystics sectors accounted for the maximum number of recruitments. While firms from these sectors had recruited 27% of students last year, they have picked up 29% students this year. Among the top recruiters were Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachs and HSBC. Offers in the consulting sector has gone up marginally and accounted for 22% of recruitments. Top firms that made the offers were Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG and McKinsey. Fewer traditional companies are looking for students in general management and strategic roles. While firms like ABG, CK Birla, TAS and others made 18% of the offers last year, this year the offers were down to 15%. Offers from sales and marketing companies like HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser contributed to 12% of the offers, a 3% decline against last year. Offers from e-commerce and IT companies have also dried up. Some of the new firms, mostly startups that had offered jobs last year, gave this year's campus recruitment a miss. Companies like Amazon and Wipro have hired 14% of students, down from last year's 19%. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Bollywood actresses who were former Miss India CRITICSUNION 20 richest people in the world SocialDaft Help this baby get treatment for liver cancer Milaap More from The Times of India Neil Nitin Mukesh gets engaged to Mumbai-based Rukmini Sahay The Indira Gandhi the world will never know Why India is still not adult about adultery From the Web More From The Times of India Top 10 most searched Bollywood actresses on the internetCRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the WorldMediaZoma Help this 5-month-old baby girl live!Milaap 7 superhit movies you won't believe Hritik Roshan rejected!CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the WorldMediaZoma ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' Strip ease in Spain! Why did Sanjay Dutt's daughter meet his ex wife? In Pics: Bollywood supports Salman Khan Pics: Here's how Sussanne Khan celebrated her birthday Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Budget Live India Budget 2017 Income Tax Slab 2017-18 Budget 2017 News Budget 2017 Highlights Most Popular Jayalalithaa was hospitalised after someone ‘pushed’ her, AIADMK leader says Donald Trump's spy pick 'shocked' by India launching 104 satellites ABVP-Gurmehar Kaur row: 10 latest developments Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Common man’s train Antyodaya Express arrives in Mumbai, all set to chug off The Antyodaya Express, a brand new fully unreserved train for the common man with specially designed colourful coaches arrived in Mumbai. Equipped with cushioned seats, aluminium composite panels, and LED lights, the regular service of the train will commence from March 7. Ready to be pressed into service on busy routes, the first Antyodaya Express will be launched between Mumbai and Tatanagar. The train has other facilities like water purifiers, mobile phone charging points and fire extinguishers. The anti-graffiti coating and stainless steel doorways will ensure that the train will not get damaged or vandalised. After days of protests, medical students of IMSR College go on indefinite hunger strike After several days of protesting, 95 MBBS students of the 2014-15 batch of Institute of Medical Sciences & Research (IMSR) College in Mayani, Maharashtra, launched an indefinite hunger strike starting from March 1 at Azad Maidan in Mumbai. Students, along with their parents, staged protest against the college administration over violation of admission rules. From around the Web Top 10 Popular Double Roles In Bollywood BOLLYWOODUNION 20 Richest Actors of the World MediaZoma 8-year-old Mohit won't survive without help! Milaap Bollywood actresses most Googled in 2016 CRITICSUNION More From The Times of India Mollywood's lesbian outing TOI Website Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Times of India Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends TOI Website Read Moretrump effectIndian Institute of Management-Calcuttaiim-cEuropean Uniondemonetisation Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Kolkata Kolkata Travel Guide How to reach Kolkata Hotels in Kolkata Restaurants in Kolkata Places to visit in Kolkata Things to do in Kolkata Shopping in Kolkata Nightlife in Kolkata Weekend getaways from Kolkata Itineraries Kolkata Map Kolkata Photos Haunted Places in Kolkata Download Kolkata Travel Guide Hyderabad To Kolkata Flights Chennai To Kolkata Flights Bangalore To Kolkata Flights From our Global Partners ​ Mobikwik to hire 1000 staff, enter 13 new cities by 2017 Police seize Rs 2000 fake notes in south Kolkata CID wants to quiz Juhi dad in baby trafficking case Fire at Kolkata's Alipore highrise 1Offers dip, pay packages slide in final placements at IIM-C 2​ Mobikwik to hire 1000 staff, enter 13 new cities by 2017 3Police seize Rs 2000 fake notes in south Kolkata 4CID wants to quiz Juhi dad in baby trafficking case 5Fire at Kolkata's Alipore highrise About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times | Recipes Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends H1B Visa Live: Assembly Elections 2017 Java Tutorial MWC 2017 Live ABVP-Gurmehar Kaur row Java Test Ramjas campus violence Sunny Leone Jolly LLB 2 Collection Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Home India news Finance sector continue to dominate offers in IIM-C placements Finance sector continue to dominate offers in IIM-C placements With an international package offer amounting to 90,000 Euros per annum, Finance sector continued to churn out maximum number of offers in the final placement process at the IIM-Calcutta PGDM batch of 2017. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published: March 3, 2017 2:06 AM The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, a release issued by the Institution today said. (Reuters) With an international package offer amounting to 90,000 Euros per annum, Finance sector continued to churn out maximum number of offers in the final placement process at the IIM-Calcutta PGDM batch of 2017. The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, a release issued by the Institution today said. The entire process was completed with 100 per cent placement for the batch within three days, which witnessed a total of 474 top notch offers including significant number of international offers. In the Finance sector, 29 per cent of the total offers were made by top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachsa and HSBC, it said. The Consulting sector emerged as the second highest recruiter contributing to 22 per cent of the total offers from Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG and McKinsey, the release said. There were 15 per cent of offers from General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla and TAS, it said. Sales and marketing firms contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers given by the HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser, the release said. You may also like to watch this video Besides, e-commerce and IT firms contributed to 14 per cent of the total offers and companies like Amazon, Wipro etc hired in big numbers. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Jammu and Kashmir: 12 terrorists raid policeman's house in Shopian Medanta air ambulance crash: Naresh Trehan expresses grief Indo-Israel ties set to grow with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit Panama papers leak: Supreme Court asks Centre to file reports in four weeks Kim Jong-Nam's killing: Malaysia says ready for five-year stake-out at North Korea embassy Show zero tolerance towards 'State-sponsored terror': India to IORA Two-thirds Indians have to pay bribe, highest in Asia Pacific: Survey 3D-printed, lifelike blood vessel network created Donald Trump's travel ban not against Muslims: US officials Jammu and Kashmir: Contractual NHM employees protest in Srinagar; police use water canons Sourav Ganguly attacks Ravi Shastri again, says 'maybe he never saw me lead the team'  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Jobs LATEST NEWS China to launch more satellites for its navigation network India has highest bribery rate among 16 Asia Pacific countries: Transparency International Blast in Bhopal-Ujjain passenger train; 6 injured Sharmila Irom vs Ibobi Singh in phase-II of Manipur polls tomorrow China to develop satellite-delivery rockets from airplanes ET Portfolio ET Speed Markets News Industry Small Biz Politics Wealth MF Tech TECHHardwareSoftwareInternetITeSDo Big Stories FOLLOW TECH You can watch 25 hours video with 1 GB data: Netflix CEO Reed Hastings "Now we can get it down to 200 kilobits, so you can get 25 hours of viewing with...IT sector growth to fall to 5.3 per cent in 2017: ResearchSamsung launches two new 'Galaxy A' series smartphones at Rs 33,490 & Rs 28,990Netflix to invest in several avenues to expand its presence in India Jobs Opinion NRI Slideshows Magazines PanacheET MagazineWealthBrand EquityFinancial TimesTravel FOLLOW PANACHE FOLLOW WEALTH More NewslettersAlertsE-PaperE-LearningET intelligenceMobileET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth for iPadET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App Brand Solutions India Infra Summit 2017 It serves as a platform for all stakeholders to come together and brainstorm. ET Telecom Awards 2017 Recognising excellence in the Indian telecom industry. Mutual Fund PULSE Get ready to become a champion investor Tata Docomo Business Services Do Big Stories: Powering Innovations For The Next India Committed to the Future, Committed to India TomorrowMakers Everything you must know about insurance. Build More Than A Network Different way of looking at the challenges of the global network GE EnergyWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating energy. ET Portfolio Manage and grow your money smartly with just one tool ET HealthWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating healthcare... ET NOW ET Home›Jobs 12:15 PM | 07 Marmarket stats SENSEX 28,960-87.80 NIFTY 50 8,934-29.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,930-15.00 USD/INR 66.64-0.08 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 turn rangebound; Infy, Tata Steel top losers Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Finance sector continue to dominate offers in IIM-C placements PTI| Mar 03, 2017, 12.04 AM IST READ MORE ON » Wipro | placement | PGDM | ITC | HUL | Edelweiss The consulting sector emerged as the second highest recruiter contributing to 22 per cent of the total offers from Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG and McKinsey, the release said. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Wipro x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ ITC x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ HUL x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Edelweiss x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Edelweiss EXPAND TO VIEW ALL KOLKATA: With an international package offer amounting to 90,000 Euros per annum, finance sector continued to churn out maximum number of offers in the final placement process at the IIM-Calcutta PGDM batch of 2017. The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, a release issued by the institution today said. The entire process was completed with 100 per cent placement for the batch within three days, which witnessed a total of 474 top notch offers including significant number of international offers. In the finance sector, 29 per cent of the total offers were made by top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachsa and HSBC, it said. The consulting sector emerged as the second highest recruiter contributing to 22 per cent of the total offers from Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG and McKinsey, the release said. There were 15 per cent of offers from General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla and TAS, it said. Sales and marketing firms contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers given by the HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser, the release said. Besides, e-commerce and IT firms contributed to 14 per cent of the total offers and companies like Amazon, Wipro etc hired in big numbers. READ MORE ON » Wipro | placement | PGDM | ITC | HUL | Edelweiss Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Sensex|Elections 2017 Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1Finance sector continue to dominate offers in IIM-C placements Women in India earn 25 per cent less than men: Survey Finance Ministry gives in-principle nod to ESOPs by PSU banks IIM Shillong students get a median CTC of Rs 14 lakh in final placements India's unemployment rate sees sharp decline: Report MGNREGA's job creation pushed down unemployment in February 2017: SBI IIM Calcutta completes final placements with top international salary of Rs 86.9 lakh Achieved goal? Now tell your company how you did it Capillary Technologies to ramp up hiring for India operations Finance sector continue to dominate offers in IIM-C placements Central government to hire 2.8 lakh staff in a year, police, I-T & customs to get lion’s share BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #InfosysVsFounders #Demonetisation #Budget2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News SIT on black money reveals data: Rs 70,000 cr illegal cash detected so far Business Standard IIM Calcutta placements: Top domestic salary package is Rs 70 lakh this yr The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers IANS  |  Kolkata  March 3, 2017 Last Updated at 10:40 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UU6T9c IIM Indore ALSO READ An IIM with just a couple of classrooms & no library Faculty travels 3,000 km to teach at IIM-Amritsar Shyamal Majumdar: Brand IIM takes a knock Global pay for flagship course up 39% at IIM-A New IIMs see slowdown in placements, several recruiters withdraw offers IIM Calcutta students of the 2017 Post Graduate Diploma in Management batch got lucrative offers in campus placement with the highest international package touching 90,000 Euros (over Rs 63 lakh) per annum while the best annual domestic package was Rs 70 lakh, the institute said on Thursday. The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers, with top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachs and HSBC visiting the campus, as all students of the batch got placements within a record three days in the second week of February. There were total 474 top-notch offers including significant number of international offers. "The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, whereas the highest international package amounted to 90,000 Euros per annum," the IIM said in a statement. Twenty-nine per cent of the offers came from the finance sector, while consulting emerged as the second highest recruiter by making 22 per cent of the total offers. Top recruiters in consulting were Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, and McKinsey. General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla, and TAS made 15 per cent of the offers. Sales and marketing roles contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers, predominantly offered by firms like HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser. Apart from these, e-commerce and IT companies made 14 per cent of the total offers, with companies like Amazon and Wipro hiring in large numbers. Read More On Iim | Iim Calcutta | Iim Placements | Iim Jobs | Job Placements | Finance | Marketing | Salary Packages | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? IIM Calcutta placements: Top domestic salary package is Rs 70 lakh this yr The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers IIM Calcutta students of the 2017 Post Graduate Diploma in Management batch got lucrative offers in campus placement with the highest international package touching 90,000 Euros (over Rs 63 lakh) per annum while the best annual domestic package was Rs 70 lakh, the institute said on Thursday. The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers, with top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachs and HSBC visiting the campus, as all students of the batch got placements within a record three days in the second week of February. There were total 474 top-notch offers including significant number of international offers. "The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, whereas the highest international package amounted to 90,000 Euros per annum," the IIM said in a statement. Twenty-nine per cent of the offers came from the finance sector, while consulting emerged as the second highest recruiter by making 22 per cent of the total offers. Top recruiters in consulting were Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, and McKinsey. General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla, and TAS made 15 per cent of the offers. Sales and marketing roles contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers, predominantly offered by firms like HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser. Apart from these, e-commerce and IT companies made 14 per cent of the total offers, with companies like Amazon and Wipro hiring in large numbers. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 IIM Calcutta placements: Top domestic salary package is Rs 70 lakh this yr The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers IIM Calcutta students of the 2017 Post Graduate Diploma in Management batch got lucrative offers in campus placement with the highest international package touching 90,000 Euros (over Rs 63 lakh) per annum while the best annual domestic package was Rs 70 lakh, the institute said on Thursday. The finance sector churned out the maximum number of offers, with top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachs and HSBC visiting the campus, as all students of the batch got placements within a record three days in the second week of February. There were total 474 top-notch offers including significant number of international offers. "The highest domestic package was Rs 70 lakh per annum, whereas the highest international package amounted to 90,000 Euros per annum," the IIM said in a statement. Twenty-nine per cent of the offers came from the finance sector, while consulting emerged as the second highest recruiter by making 22 per cent of the total offers. Top recruiters in consulting were Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, and McKinsey. General Management firms like ABG, CK Birla, and TAS made 15 per cent of the offers. Sales and marketing roles contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers, predominantly offered by firms like HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser. Apart from these, e-commerce and IT companies made 14 per cent of the total offers, with companies like Amazon and Wipro hiring in large numbers. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Latest News Nation Elections 2017 World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation Elections 2017 World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest news Campaign ends for last phase of voting: Ground falls silent, now it’s up in the air 15 years later, CM Ibobi Singh grapples with X-factor: BJP in Manipur SC questions clean chit to LK Advani and others in Babri case Rajasthan HC stays university move to suspend Jodhpur professor for organising lecture Haryana budget: Govt push for digital payments, no new taxes Home Education IIM Calcutta’s student bags 70 lakh offer, maximum offers from finance sector IIM Calcutta’s student bags 70 lakh offer, maximum offers from finance sector Consulting sector emerged as the second highest recruiter contributing to 22 per cent of the total offers made. Top recruiters in this sector By: Express Web Desk | New Delhi | Updated: March 2, 2017 7:04 pm IIM Calcutta campus In this year’s Indian Institute of Management Calcutta (IIM Calcutta) placement, the highest domestic package offered is 70 lakh per annum while the highest international package amounted to 90,000 Euros per annum. In record three days, the institute achieved 100 per cent placement for the PGDM batch of 2017. There were a total of 474 offers including a significant number of international offers. Finance sector continued to churn out the maximum number of offers with a total of 29 per cent offers coming from this sector by top recruiters like Avendus, Edelweiss, Goldman Sachs, HSBC etc. Consulting sector emerged as the second highest recruiter contributing to 22 per cent of the total offers made. Top recruiters in this sector were Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, McKinsey. General Management firms also recruited in big numbers this year. About 15 per cent offers were made in this sector by top firms like ABG, CK Birla, TAS etc. Sales and marketing roles contributed to 12 per cent of the total offers, predominantly given by firms like HUL, ITC, P&G, Reckitt Benckiser etc. Apart from these, e-commerce and IT roles also contributed to 14 per cent of the total offers and companies like Amazon, Wipro etc. hired in big numbers. Read | G Raghuram takes charge as Director of IIM Bangalore © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Election 2017 UP polls 2017: In his last appeal, Modi talks jobs, empowerment for farmers UP polls 2017: In this village of soldiers, families that lost sons can’t agree on Army and strikes UP elections 2017: At ghats, they revel in arguing about Ganga, politics and Modi Best of Express SportsIndia level series 1-1 with 75-run win over Australia in Bangalore EntertainmentNoor trailer: Sonakshi Sinha says Mumbai is killing her. Watch video EntertainmentDear Karan Johar, Kangana Ranaut is right about nepotism. It’s high time you accept it EntertainmentBegum Jaan poster: Vidya Balan owns the role as brothel owner, see pics EntertainmentAamir Khan changes his look again and we are totally bowled. See pics Must Read SportsIndia vs Australia Live Score SportsWatch: Kohli livid as Smith seeks dressing room help SportsLive, Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh, 1st Test Day 1 TechnologyFitbit Alta HR launched in India: Price, specifications and features TechnologyBollywood mega star Amitabh Bachchan to promote OnePlus in India TechnologyNASA plans to create 'coolest spot in universe'  Happy Birthday Jhanvi Kapoor: Steal a glance at our 20 favourite fashionable looks Mar 07: Latest News Mumbai: Penguins get permanent enclosure in Byculla Zoo after 7 months Grand finale to UP polls tomorrow with 7th phase voting CBFC wants 11 cuts in Anaarkali of Aarah: producer Sandiip Kapur Iraq says forces retake government HQ, bridgehead in Mosul Samsung Galaxy S8 launch now scheduled for April 28: Report                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
CLOSE X Advertisement X Classifieds Front page Editor's choice Special features Budget 2017 SS Mendi: 100 years Trump's America Zuma World Economic Forum Weather & info Weather Indicators TV Guide Movie Guide News Crime & Courts Politics South Africa Africa World Opinion Back Page Politics Business Report Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Personal finance My Money Debt Financial Planning Medical Cover Invest Insurance Retirement Tax Money tools Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Boxing Tennis Fifa Opinion Cycling Golf More Sport IOL Sportzone ICC Twenty20 Motoring Latest launches Road tests F1 Motorsport Bikes 4x4 Special Features Industry news Prices & Specs Trucks Entertainment News TV & Radio Movies Music Gossip Books What's On Fun stuff Royals Trevor Noah TV guide Movie guide Grahamstown Festival Lifestyle Love & Sex Health Family Food & Drink Home & Garden Style People BabyNet Competitions GQ Games Dating Travel News South Africa World Tips Olympics Paralympics Live Blog Athletics Swimming Soccer Cycling Rugby Gymnastics Newspapers Classifieds Cape Times Cape Argus Daily News Daily Voice Isolezwe Ilisolezwe Mercury Pretoria News The Post The Star Saturday Star TIOS Sunday Independent Sunday Tribune Weekend Argus Cape Community Matric Results Cape Community Athlone News Atlantic Sun Bolander Cape Towner Constantiaberg Bulletin False Bay Echo Plainsman Sentinel News Southern Mail Southern Suburbs Tatler Table Talk Vukani Bellville & Durbanville Goodwood & Parow Kuils River, Brackenfell & Kraaifontein Multimedia Galleries Videos Other sites BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Games Dating Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline About IOL About IOL Terms and conditions Privacy policy Press code Complaints Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Mining Indaba Budget World Economic Forum Raging Bull Awards Financial Planner of the YearIOL Companies Cartrack hits 600 000 milestone Pioneer Foods is in talks Merafe reports 53% rise, sees positive demand ahead Australia central bank sits on rates, sounds neutral Trump's new travel ban raises bar for legal challenges business report companies Unilever facing fine for collusion Companies / 2 March 2017, 07:42am Kabelo Khumalo FILE PHOTO - The company logo for Unilever is displayed on a screen on the floor of the NYSE Johannesburg - The Competition Commission recommends Unilever be prosecuted for engaging in collusion in the manufacture and supply of baking and cooking products. The anti-graft agency said on Wednesday it had referred the transnational consumer-goods company to the Competition Tribunal for prosecution in a case that could see Unilever being fined 10 percent of its annual turnover. Commissioner Thembinkosi Bonakele said the agency found that, between 2004 and 2013, Unilever and margarine- and cooking-oil-maker Sime Darby allegedly entered into an agreement not to compete on certain packs of margarine and edible oils. “Food and agro-processing is an important focus area for the commission, and we are determined to root out the exploitation of consumers by cartels that are so prevalent in this sector,” Bonakele said. Last year, Sime Darby settled with the commission, agreeing to pay a fine of R35 million for collusion and to invest R135 million in packaging and warehousing facilities that would compete with Unilever for retail customers. The company also agreed to appoint a black economic empowerment distributor. Read also: Unilever shares slide after Kraft Heinz withdraws $143bn The Unilever probe comes just three weeks after the commission announced that it was pursuing a case against nearly 20 South African and international banks for colluding in the trading of foreign exchange. Barclays Africa Group and Citibank have settled with the commission and agreed to testify against the remaining banks. On Wednesday, the commission said it conducted search-and-seizure operations at the offices of Sime Darby in Boksburg and at Unilever’s headquarters in Durban, after it obtained search warrants from the high courts in Gauteng and KwaZulu-Natal. It said that, in 2004, when Unilever sold its refinery business to Sime Darby, the two companies concluded a sale-of-business agreement that included an arrangement on how specific goods would be allocated in certain markets, in contravention of section 4(1)(b)(ii) of the Competition Act. The commission said the two agreed that Sime Darby would not supply industrial customers with packs of margarine that were less than 15kg, nor would it produce or supply 25-litre edible oils in markets where Unilever was active. In return, Unilever agreed not supply industrial customers with its Flora-brand of edible oils, it said. Tembinkosi Bonakele says his agency will stop consumer exploitation.Photo: Brenton Geach The probe is not Unilever’s first brush with anti-graft agencies. In 2011, the European Commission hit Unilever and Procter & Gamble with a combined fine of £281 million (R4.4 billion at current exchange rates) for fixing the price of washing powder in eight European countries. The fine was reduced after the two companies co-operated with the commission’s investigation and agreed to settle. Sibonile Dube, the corporate affairs director of Unilever Southern Africa, said the company would wait for the process to unfold before commenting. “As this matter is subject to litigation, we will not be commenting on it,” Dube said. Companies Cartrack hits 600 000 milestone Pioneer Foods is in talks Merafe reports 53% rise, sees positive demand ahead Australia central bank sits on rates, sounds neutral Trump's new travel ban raises bar for legal challenges Most Read Leadership fight risks split in ANC, Duarte says Local couple buy historic Cape Villa for R22m Trump's new travel ban raises bar for legal challenges Nedbank rebrands to get new clients Cyclists bring opportunities Advertisement MORE business report companiesMenu Companies| Economy| Energy| Markets| Entrepreneurs| Technology| International| Careers| Opinion| Financial Tools| Events| business report companiesMenu Companies| Economy| Energy| Markets| Entrepreneurs| Technology| International| Careers| Opinion| Financial Tools| Events| INFO About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather SITES BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Ilisolezwe Isolezwe IOL Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline SECTIONS News Politics Business report Sport Motoring Entertainment Lifestyle Travel About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com SHOCK REPORT: McDonald’s worker’s uniforms made in U.S. “slave labor” camps Wednesday, March 01, 2017 by: Daniel Barker Tags: cheap labor, corporations, for-profit prison system, slave labor, U.S. prisons (Natural News) Everyone knows slavery was officially abolished in the United States in 1865… or was it? Under the terms of 13th Amendment, slavery is prohibited in the United States, except “as a punishment for crimes” – a loophole that has allowed legal slavery in America to continue, and now on a greater scale than ever before. In fact, according to ReturnToNow.com, there are currently “more (mostly dark-skinned) people performing mandatory, essentially unpaid, hard labor in America today than there were in 1830.” But how is this possible in the “Land of the Free” and why haven’t we heard anything about it? The important thing to understand is that America is not the Land of the Free, but rather the land of the incarcerated – there are more prisoners in America than anywhere else on the planet. From ReturnToNow.com: “With 5 percent of the world’s population and 25 percent of the world’s prison population, the United States has the largest incarcerated population in the world. No other society in history has imprisoned more of its own citizens. There are half a million more prisoners in the U.S. than in China, which has five times our population. Approximately 1 in 100 adults in America were incarcerated in 2014. Out of an adult population of 245 million that year, there were 2.4 million people in prison, jail or some form of detention center. “The vast majority – 86 percent – of prisoners have been locked up for non-violent, victimless crimes, many of them drug-related.” This incarceration boom has provided a vast supply of cheap labor for American corporations, who can pay prisoners as little as 23 cents per hour – or in some cases, nothing at all – while receiving millions of dollars in tax breaks for doing so. The contracting of prison labor to large corporations is occurring in both state and federal prisons. Prisoners are forced to perform jobs ranging from sewing McDonald’s uniforms to manufacturing high-tech electronic components for Patriot missiles, and it’s happening at prisons throughout the country. UNICOR (formerly known as Federal Prison Industries) is a “quasi-public, for-profit corporation” run by the Bureau of Prisons that contracts labor in federal prisons. According to Global Research, UNICOR “is now the U.S. government’s 39th largest contractor, with 110 factories at 79 federal penitentiaries.” In some prisons, the work is optional, if low-paying, and many prisoners take the work out of sheer boredom or just so they can buy small day-to-day personal items – although many end up leaving prison in more debt than when they arrived. In other prisons, the work is mandatory and often is carried out in unsafe, unregulated conditions. Prisoners who refuse to work are placed in solitary confinement, or even beaten, according to some reports. It’s interesting how much talk there is these days about the outsourcing of American jobs overseas, but how little is mentioned regarding the insourcing of jobs to slave labor facilities (i.e. prisons) located here in our own backyard. As America edges ever closer to becoming a corporate/fascist state, the fat cats are taking full advantage of its overcrowded, run-for-profit prison system. Virtually every large American corporation benefits from prison slave labor, but some of the biggest offenders include the Pentagon’s favorite military contractors, such as McDonnell Douglas/Boeing and General Dynamics/Lockheed Martin, McDonald’s, Wal-Mart, J.P. Morgan & Company, Procter & Gamble, Wendy’s, and scores of others. A century and a half after the Emancipation Proclamation, slavery continues to exist in America and no one seems to care. It may be hard to believe, but there’s no escaping the fact that prisoners in America are being forced to perform work against their will – the textbook definition of slavery. (Related: Learn more about which of your rights are being eroded at Policestate.news.) Sources: ReturnToNow.net PopularResistance.org GlobalResearch.ca Previous :Chicago gets its first organic fast-food chain Next : EPA and FDA give go ahead for 3 types of GMO potatoes… planting begins this year Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on cheap labor SHOCK REPORT: McDonald’s worker’s uniforms made in U.S. “slave labor” camps Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-03-01-mcdonalds-workers-uniforms-made-in-u-s-slave-labor-camps.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-03-01-mcdonalds-workers-uniforms-made-in-u-s-slave-labor-camps.html">SHOCK REPORT: McDonald’s worker’s uniforms made in U.S. “slave labor” camps</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year CDC document bombshell reveals list of all vaccine excipients, including “African Green Monkey Kidney Cells” and fibroblast cells from aborted human fetuses … see the complete list - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Scientist fired from university after discovering shocking dinosaur bones believed to be only 4,000 years old Brand name processed foods found laced with glyphosate weed killer… Cheerios, Wheaties and more - NaturalNews.com Autism, mercury, thimerosal and vaccines: Natural News releases large collection of scientific knowledge that’s been suppressed by the FDA, CDC and pharma-controlled media - NaturalNews.com Bill Nye earns an “F” in climate change science… can’t even answer basic questions on live TV - NaturalNews.com Low-quality food has destroyed the bodies of millennials; bowel cancer explodes in young generation - NaturalNews.com Veterinarian says pet deaths caused by over-vaccination - NaturalNews.com EPA and FDA give go ahead for 3 types of GMO potatoes… planting begins this year - NaturalNews.com WAY BEYOND WATERGATE: OBAMA BUGGED TRUMP TOWER - NaturalNews.com Commercial almond milk exposed as fake beverage thickened with carrageenan instead of almonds Off grid living: Grow 25 pounds of sweet potatoes in a bucket - NaturalNews.com Backlash: Starbucks takes a beating after plan to hire 10,000 Syrian refugees backfires - NaturalNews.com The chemistry behind cannabinoids explains how CBDs are saving lives - NaturalNews.com Venezuelans now separating edible, non-edible trash to make it easier for starving scavengers to survive - NaturalNews.com ALERT: A tidal wave of pro-vaccine bills to flood the U.S. - NaturalNews.com Loneliness: One in eight people have no close friends - NaturalNews.com Privacy under attack as internet “fingerprinting” tracks your every move - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com California government buried the truth about cell phone radiation causing brain cancer… FULL TEXT of once-secret document reveals how EMFs penetrate “deeper into a child’s brain” - NaturalNews.com CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease DNA tests say Subway’s Oven-Roasted Chicken is actually 50% soy product - NaturalNews.com WAY BEYOND WATERGATE: OBAMA BUGGED TRUMP TOWER - NaturalNews.com Google censorship of Natural News: Statement from the Health Ranger - NaturalNews.com Bill Paxton dies from surgery as failed medical system takes another beloved life - NaturalNews.com The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good - NaturalNews.com Vitamin D deficiency symptoms explained: the top 9 warning signs If you use Benadryl, Paxil, Dramamine it's REALLY time to stop: definite links to dementia, cognitive damage found with these OTC allergy drugs The great cholesterol con finally unravels: Researchers find lowering cholesterol has NO EFFECT on risk of heart disease or death Commercial almond milk exposed as fake beverage thickened with carrageenan instead of almonds Off grid living: Grow 25 pounds of sweet potatoes in a bucket - NaturalNews.com WATCH OUT: Google is recording everything you search and say - NaturalNews.com Chicago gets its first organic fast-food chain - NaturalNews.com Disturbing aerial photos reveal how bad the Oroville Dam really is - NaturalNews.com Why is the FDA under a gag order to hide details about a massive cheese recall? - NaturalNews.com Japan: HPV vaccine on trial for its horrifying side effects - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com Bill Paxton dies from surgery as failed medical system takes another beloved life - NaturalNews.com The media can no longer hide the truth about Fukushima; the entire world is in danger - NaturalNews.com Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes GOOGLE blacklists Natural News… removes 140,000 pages from its index… “memory holes” Natural News investigative articles on vaccines, pharma corruption, fraudulent science and more - NaturalNews.com Breaking: Mike Adams and Alex Jones Taken Down by Google / CIA Prior to Big Event: Trump Needs to Beware - NaturalNews.com BREAKING: Health Ranger threatened by left-wing media goons: “Destroy Alex Jones or we will destroy YOU” - NaturalNews.com Amish farmer facing 68 years in federal prison for making homemade products - NaturalNews.com Media blackout over “unimaginable” radiation levels detected at Fukushima… MOX fuel melts through reactor floor… half life of 24,000 years - NaturalNews.com CHALLENGE: $100,000 to the first person who can find a scientific study proving Thimerosal (mercury) is safe to inject into children - NaturalNews.com CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease REAL or HOAX? UFO experts warn of “cosmic false flag” event, claiming deep state will fake alien invasion to achieve totalitarian control over humanity - NaturalNews.com New video details how Amazon.com SPIES on your most private thoughts, fetishes and conversations - NaturalNews.com Record radiation level detected at Fukushima reactor “unimaginable,” could kill human from even brief exposure - NaturalNews.com Robert De Niro, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to announce something BIG tomorrow concerning vaccines and mercury - NaturalNews.com Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics - NaturalNews.com NYT commits TREASON in fake news attempt to overthrow the United States Government… is it time to start arresting traitors who pretend to be journalists? - NaturalNews.com Lead developer of HPV vaccine admits it's a giant, deadly scam In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs Five ingredients that poison your brain 10 health benefits of cucumbers Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Health News Flu Fighting Foods to Get You Feeling Better (Blogs.naturalnews.com) Fight 9 Types Of Cancer Using Cannabis (Blogs.naturalnews.com) Tips For People Who Have Trouble Shutting Their Brain Off to Go to Sleep (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 7 Chest Pains Often Mistaken for A Heart Attack (Blogs.naturalnews.com) Clogged Heart Artery - You Can Reverse It Naturally (Blogs.naturalnews.com) Go Nuts For Seeds: 8 Types to Eat More Often (Blogs.naturalnews.com) AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
