Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Personal Products Stocks Under Review -- Procter & Gamble, Coty, Avon, and Colgate-Palmolive News provided by Chelmsford Park SA Mar 22, 2017, 07:00 ET Share this article NEW YORK, March 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pre-market today, Stock-Callers.com has initiated research reports on these four stocks: The Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG), Coty Inc. (NYSE: COTY), Avon Products Inc. (NYSE: AVP), and Colgate-Palmolive Co. (NYSE: CL). These companies belong to the Personal Products industry - a massive field that creates, manufactures and sells beauty, hygiene and personal-care products like cosmetics, toothpastes, sunscreen, razors and shaving cream. Learn more about these stocks by downloading their free research reports in PDF format at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Procter & Gamble   On Tuesday, shares in Cincinnati, Ohio-based The Procter & Gamble Co. recorded a trading volume of 8.21 million shares. The stock ended the day at $91.19, declining 0.03% from the last trading session. The Company's shares have advanced 0.11% in the past month, 8.54% in the previous three months, and 9.32% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 3.07% and 6.77%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Procter & Gamble, which provides branded consumer packaged goods to consumers in North America, Europe, Asia/Pacific, India, Middle East, Africa, and Latin America, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 58.29. On March 21st, 2017, research firm JP Morgan initiated a 'Neutral' rating on the Company's stock, with a target price of $98 per share. Sign up and read the free research report on PG at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=PG Coty Inc.  New York headquartered Coty's stock saw a drop of 3.24%, finishing yesterday's session at $18.53. A total volume of 7.02 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 5.54 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 1.88% since the start of this year. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 2.06%. Additionally, shares of Coty, which together with its subsidiaries, manufactures, markets, and distributes beauty products worldwide, have an RSI of 44.38. On March 07th, 2017, Coty announced that Esi Eggleston Bracey, President Coty Consumer Beauty, has decided to leave the Company for personal reasons. Esi will remain with Coty for a transition period through the end of March. Laurent Kleitman, currently Unilever's Executive Vice President Global Hair Care category, has been appointed President Coty's Consumer Beauty. Laurent will report directly to Camillo Pane, Coty's CEO, and will be a member of Coty's Executive Committee. On March 21st, 2017, research firm JP Morgan initiated an 'Underweight' rating on the Company's stock, with a target price of $16 per share. The complimentary research report on COTY can be downloaded at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=COTY Avon   Shares in London, the UK headquartered Avon Products Inc. ended the session 1.59% lower at $4.33. The stock recorded a trading volume of 8.53 million shares, which was above its three months average volume of 5.81 million shares. The Company's shares are trading 14.91% below their 50-day moving average. Moreover, shares of Avon Products, which manufactures and markets beauty and related products in Europe, Middle East, Africa, South Latin America, North Latin America, and Asia/Pacific, have an RSI of 38.64. On March 20th, 2017, Avon Products announced that Jeff Benjamin, Senior Vice President General Counsel & Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer has decided to retire from the Company. Mr. Benjamin joined Avon in 2012, and will remain in his current position until a successor is named.  Avon will be hiring a General Counsel, who will be based in the Company's global headquarters in the UK.  Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and access the latest report on AVP at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=AVP Colgate-Palmolive   At the closing bell on Tuesday, New York headquartered Colgate-Palmolive Co.'s stock dropped 0.14%, finishing at $73.70. A total volume of 3.70 million shares was traded. The Company's shares have gained 2.39% in the last month, 11.92% over the previous three months, and 13.27% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 6.01% and 4.92% above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Additionally, shares of Colgate-Palmolive, which together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells consumer products worldwide, have an RSI of 60.87. On March 10th, 2017, Colgate-Palmolive's Board of Directors increased the quarterly common stock cash dividend by 3%. The increase will be effective in Q2 FY17. The new rate of $0.40 per share is up from $0.39 per share. The Board declared that Q2 dividend is to be paid on May 15th, 2017 to shareholders of record as of April 21st, 2017. On March 21st, 2017, research firm JP Morgan initiated a 'Neutral' rating on the Company's stock, with a target price of $77 per share. Get free access to your research report on CL at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=CL -- Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number:  +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA Mar 22, 2017, 07:05 ET Preview: Research Reports on Gold Equities -- Primero, Agnico Eagle, Banro, and Timmins Mar 21, 2017, 08:10 ET Preview: Technical Roundup on Semiconductor Stocks -- Sunrun, SolarEdge, MagnaChip, and Sigma My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 08:10 ETTechnical Roundup on Chemicals Stocks -- Praxair, Air Products... 08:05 ETResearch Reports Coverage on Utilities Stocks -- NiSource,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Investments Opinions You just read: Personal Products Stocks Under Review -- Procter & Gamble, Coty, Avon, and Colgate-Palmolive News provided by Chelmsford Park SA Mar 22, 2017, 07:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Advantage Investment Management LLC Acquires Shares of 1,462 NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Lennox International Inc. (LII) Stake Raised by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans CWA Asset Management Group LLC Acquires 6,967 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet CWA Asset Management Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 28.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 31,390 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 6,967 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co makes up 1.1% of CWA Asset Management Group LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 23rd largest position. CWA Asset Management Group LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $2,639,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in PG. American National Bank boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares in the last quarter. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. bought a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $149,000. New Capital Management LP bought a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $210,000. Finally, Loudon Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Loudon Investment Management LLC now owns 2,515 shares of the company’s stock valued at $211,000 after buying an additional 48 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 91.19 on Wednesday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52-week low of $79.10 and a 52-week high of $92.00. The company has a market cap of $233.13 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.71 and a beta of 0.64. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $89.93 and its 200 day moving average is $86.90. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The company earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The firm’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.04 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: Several analysts recently issued reports on PG shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and cut their price target for the company from $86.00 to $77.00 in a report on Monday, January 9th. Evercore ISI reissued an “underweight” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Monday, February 27th. Vetr cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $87.49 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their target price for the stock from $95.00 to $90.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $90.73. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 23,512 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $90.63, for a total transaction of $2,130,892.56. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CEO David S. Taylor sold 38,000 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $88.55, for a total value of $3,364,900.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Berenberg Bank Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Next » Titan Machinery Inc. (TITN) Position Held by Fmr LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Your Money BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Don't bother using hot water to wash your clothes Kimberly Janeway, Consumer Reports Mar. 22, 2017, 4:00 PM 33,441 facebook linkedin twitter email print averagejane/Flickr Old laundry habits are hard to kick. But washers have changed, so have laundry detergents and you no longer have to use hot water to get clothes clean. You'll save energy washing in cold water, and here's why.  Even though they use less water, newer washers are much better at cleaning than the top-loaders with a center agitator made 15 years or more ago. Manufacturers have been lowering wash temperatures over the years to meet the Department of Energy’s tough energy standards for hot water use. Heating water accounts for about 90 percent of the energy needed to run a washer, according to Energy Star, so the less hot water used, the more energy saved. These changes meant laundry detergents had to adapt too. So we asked the folks at Procter & Gamble to explain what changed. Sales of their laundry care products account for 53 percent of the market, according to Mintel, a market research company. "Front-loaders and high-efficiency top-loaders run normal cycles 10 percent cooler than agitator washers, and the 'warm' wash temperature in the U.S. has declined by 15 degrees over the past 15 years," says Tracey Long, communications manager for P&G's fabric care products in North America. “Traditional detergent enzymes can be sluggish in cold water so we worked to create a mix of surfactants and enzymes that deliver cleaning performance in cold water across all product lines," says Long. Consumer Reports’ past tests found detergents have gotten much better at putting enzymes to work in removing dirt and stains at lower water temperatures, and are less effective at higher temperatures. You'll save energy washing in cold water. When you want to brighten whites, use cold water and a bleach alternative, such as Oxi-Clean. But when a family member is sick, use hot water mixed with chlorine bleach to reduce bacteria in the bed linens and towels. The same goes for cleaning dirty cloth diapers. Shopping for a Washer? See our washing machine ratings of front-loaders, high-efficiency top-loaders, agitator top-loaders, and compact washers. Our washing machine buying guide is a good place to start your search. We're testing laundry detergents now and will post our results in the coming weeks. Read the original article on Consumer Reports. All rights reserved. No redistribution allowed. Copyright 2017. Follow Consumer Reports on Twitter. SEE ALSO: How to make your yard look better without all the work More: Consumer Reports Laundry facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Don't bother using hot water to wash your clothes Don't bother using hot water to wash your clothes Old laundry habits are hard to kick. But... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Your Money Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Consumer Last Modified: Thu, Mar 23 2017. 11 15 AM IST Year 2017 would be a rethink for digital media buying: Kantar Millward Brown Even as digital medium is growing fast, television remains the most effective medium to reach a larger audience Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Sapna Agarwal At present, digital accounts for 33% of global media spends. Photo: Mint Marketers need to rethink their advertising spends as the digital medium has not delivered as per expectations, say top executives at WPP-Kantar Millward Brown, an international agency that specializes in advertising effectiveness. Digital works better when used in conjunction with everything, is the message of the agency, that comes at a time when global marketers including Procter & Gamble Co. (P&G) are calling for increased transparency around media buying and viewability. There has been a growing perception over the last decade that digital could become the sole medium dominating marketing spends. At present, digital accounts for 33% of global media spends. “Digital is not a toy. It’s the largest component of advertising and media spends and there is a growing demand for increasing its accountability,” said Gonzalo Fuentes, global chief executive officer, Media and Digital practice, at Kantar Insights. Moreover, even as digital is growing fast, television remains the most effective medium to reach a larger audience. This makes it important for marketers to stop and rethink their digital spends, said Fuentes, who was in Mumbai along with Nigel Hollis, chief global analyst, Millward Brown, as part of a three-city tour that includes Delhi and Bengaluru, to meet clients and present insights. The year 2015 was the year of programmatic advertisement buying; 2016 was the year of video and 2017 will be the year of rethinking digital, Hollis said. As such, media consumption is different across generations—Gen Z which is 16-19 years old, Gen Y which is 20-34 years, and Gen X from 35-49 years. Gen X prefers print and Gen Z online. “However, TV cuts across all generations,” said Ashish Karnad, executive vice president, media and digital, Kantar Millward Brown. In India digital is expected to be the fastest growing medium with a compound annual growth rate of 30.8% for the five years from 2016 to 2021, according to ‘Media for the masses: The promise unfolds’, a report by consulting firm KPMG and lobby group Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci). The rise of digital media is largely at the cost of print, which includes newspapers and magazines. To be sure, print is growing too, but at a much slower rate of 7.3%, though on a much larger base, said the FICCI-KPMG report. “In India there is a tremendous feeling that we need to catch up, the rest of the world is ahead of us (in digital),” said Hollis, who is now advising his clients and saying, “hold on, digital is not everything, it works better when used in conjunction with everything.” For digital to be effective, an advertiser needs to have an incredible amount of focus and good analytics otherwise it is a wasted effort, say marketers. “With digital you can’t just shoot in the dark, it may not reach the intended audience. You need very good media planners,” said Paul Abraham, chief operating officer, IndusInd Bank Ltd. Abraham agrees that television remains the most impactful and best medium to reach a larger audience. However, the company’s digital spends have been constantly trending upwards. To be sure, if the message is tailored to suit different mediums, its effectiveness can be as much as 67% compared to 47% if the use of the different channels is fragmented, said Fuentes, adding that most marketers would do anything to get that 20% increase. Sapna Agarwal Topics: advertising Unilever P&G Digital media WPP More From Livemint READ MORE Shinzo Abe’s wife Akie accused of giving cash-filled envelope in real estate scandal Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade First Published: Thu, Mar 23 2017. 12 52 AM IST Editor's Picks How the London attack unfolded at the heart of UK government Radhakishan Damani quiet as ever after stellar D-Mart listing Snapdeal in talks with Flipkart, Paytm for a potential sale Latest News Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying Kerala government faces backlash over commuting prison sentence Bengaluru to Kakkathuruthu: Island of crows Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home TV News TV Touts New Measures for 2017 Upfront While Madison Avenue Suffers Sticker Shock Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Anthony Behar/Sipa USA March 22, 2017 | 10:20AM PT The lines are being drawn in the annual battle for upfront advertising dollars. This story first appeared in the March 21, 2017 issue of Variety. Subscribe today.See more. With linear-TV viewing vying with a broad array of new video screens, the media companies that fight each year for billions of dollars in ad cash have trotted out new ideas they hope will catch the skeptical eye of Madison Avenue. There’s a need: In February, commercial ratings among viewers between 18 and 49 — the key numbers on which TV ad deals are based — were down high-single to low-double digits in primetime and total day, according to media-industry analyst Michael Nathanson. With that in mind, the new offers from big media companies are meant to entice buyers in different ways: • CBS recently unveiled “total content ratings” that measure not only linear TV watching but also time-shifted viewing by DVR playback and via video-on-demand. The network intends to add viewing done through online and mobile streaming at a later date. • Viacom, 21st Century Fox’s Fox Networks Group, and Time Warner’s Turner are standing behind a new system crafted with tech consultant Accenture that allows for ad purchases based on “big data” measurements of narrower consumer groups, such as first-time car buyers or expectant mothers. • NBCUniversal says it hopes to sell $1 billion of its upfront inventory for similar big-data-based ads that can be aimed at specific audiences. A king’s ransom is at stake. The nation’s five big English-language broadcast networks secured between $8.41 billion and $9.25 billion last year in advance ad commitments for primetime as part of the upfront, according to Variety estimates, compared with between $8.02 billion and $8.69 billion the previous year. Those totals don’t consider daytime and late-night broadcast inventory, let alone cable. NBCUniversal, for example, secured more than $6 billion in advance ad commitments across its entire portfolio last year. Perhaps this latest outreach will unwrinkle advertisers’ furrowed brows. Ad buyers suggest their clients have sticker shock. As Procter & Gamble and other big consumer packaged-goods giants moved dollars back to TV from digital last year, the rates the networks charged increased. Buyers at the upfronts said the basic CPM measure (the cost of reaching 1,000 viewers), rose in the high-single-digit to low-double-digit percentage range. With viewership off this season, three buyers said, TV network expectations could be too high. “I can’t see volume being up that dramatically,” said Jason Kanefsky, chief investment officer at Havas Media. “I’m not seeing category strength, other than in pharmaceutical, possibly auto.” Other ad buyers, who have a financial interest in cooling the market, suggest it may be flat with 2016’s, or even down. “We’re hearing that people are looking for money on the sales side, and we’re not seeing the demand at the same levels we saw last year,” said an ad-buying exec. TV enjoyed an uptick of ad spending in 2016, thanks to the Summer Olympics and political advertising associated with the recent election. This year’s activity may not match that, noted Brian Wieser, a media analyst with Pivotal Research, in a note posted earlier this month. “We expect growth to slow during 2017, generally flattening vs. 2016 and continuing a trend whereby the medium gradually loses a modest amount of share of spending,” he said. TV has a strong hand in this fight. The media companies continue to deliver shows — NBC’s “This Is Us” or CBS’ “The Big Bang Theory” — that draw big crowds, most of them at a single moment in time. What’s more, digital media remains under intense scrutiny. Facebook in September disclosed that for two years it overestimated the average viewing time for video ads streaming on the social site, a revelation that left a sour taste in advertisers’ mouths. Combine that with ongoing pressure to determine how much web traffic is true and verifiable, and traditional TV looks more reliable. “The thing that could keep [upfront sales] up is all the stuff going on with digital and transparency,” said the media-buying executive. Scrutiny of online advertising continues. On March 17, the Assn. of National Advertisers, a trade group representing many blue-chip marketers, called for digital outlets including Snapchat, Twitter, Amazon, and Instagram to submit to independent audits by the Media Rating Council, a media-industry measurement watchdog. Facebook and YouTube have already agreed to do so. With digital taking up so much industry bandwidth, so to speak, look for the networks to promote more than just TV. If consumers are watching “NCIS” on a smartphone, there’s still money to be wrung. CBS is “expecting a stronger upfront,” said Leslie Moonves, the chief executive of CBS Corp., at an investor event held by Deutsche Bank earlier this month. “We are expecting many more multiplatform deals,” he noted, because “people are watching television in very different ways. It’s important that we get paid for all of that.” Filed Under: CBS Tv Advertising Upfront 2017 Viacom Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Most Popular 1 Film 12:48AM PT China Co-Productions: Still in Search of a Winning Formula 2 Film 9:14PM PT China Punishes More Than 300 Cinemas for Box Office Cheating 3 Digital 9:01PM PT Walmart’s Vudu Mobile App Will Let You Scan DVDs to Convert Them to Digital Copies — But There’s a Catch 4 TV 8:00PM PT How ‘Underground’ Scored That Angela Bassett Cameo 5 TV 7:00PM PT ‘Empire’ Season 3 Midseason Premiere: Cookie & Lucious Go Out With a Bang (SPOILERS) HFPA Announces Date for 2018 Golden Globes Asghar Farhadi Breaks Silence on Oscar Victory Playback: James Mangold on a Hard-R ‘Logan’ and Wolverine’s Western DNA Lessons From ‘La La Land’ as the Curtain Falls on Another Oscar Season Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More TV News from Variety The Power of Content Marc Jacobs' Cool New Take On Camo China Cracks Down On Box Office Fraud; Suspends, Fines Hundreds… This Go-To Prom Dress Designer Reveals How to Pick the Right… Samantha Bee on Trump Budget, American Health Care Act… Emmy Predictions 2017: Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
RestaurantNews.com The Essential Resource for Online Restaurant News! Home About Subscribe Send News Advertising Restaurant Franchise Classifieds Restaurant Jobs Contact Privacy Kevin Hochman Promoted to President and Chief Concept Officer of KFC U.S. Tuesday, March 21st, 2017   Kevin Hochman Yum! Brands, Inc. has promoted Kevin Hochman to President and Chief Concept Officer of KFC U.S., reporting to Roger Eaton, Chief Executive Officer of KFC Global, effective immediately. Hochman, 43, will assume responsibility for driving overall KFC brand strategy and performance of the business in the U.S. with a continued focus on customers, franchisees, innovation and operational efficiency. Kevin Hochman joined KFC U.S. as Chief Marketing Officer over three years ago. With Hochman’s leadership, KFC U.S. has grown same-store sales and transactions for ten consecutive quarters, bringing millions of customers back into the brand and fostering tighter collaboration with franchisees across the U.S. He previously worked in a number of brand management and marketing leadership roles at Procter & Gamble since 1995, including many of the company’s iconic brands in deodorant, shave and personal cleaning categories. “Kevin Hochman is an exceptional brand builder and marketing innovation leader with an extremely strong track record of success,” said Greg Creed, Chief Executive Officer, Yum! Brands. “He has led KFC’s incredible brand re-launch and brought back the greatest chicken salesman in the world, Colonel Sanders, to pop culture. He’s the perfect person to continue to grow and elevate KFC U.S. into a distinctive, relevant brand that people trust and champion. Kevin’s promotion is evidence that the power of Yum! Brands is our unrivaled culture and talent which gives us the advantage of drawing from a strong bench of executives when bigger leadership opportunities like this one arise.” Hochman replaces Jason Marker, who has served as KFC U.S. President for the past three years and has made the personal decision to resign from the Company to pursue other opportunities. “Kevin is a talented leader and brilliant marketer who cares deeply about the KFC U.S. business, his team and the success of our franchisees,” said Eaton. “He has played a key role in the Re-Colonelization effort – driving structural thinking, collaborative franchise relationships, great brand positioning and excellent advertising – which has contributed to the brand’s turnaround in the U.S. Kevin and his team are well positioned to ensure a seamless transition and focused on successfully executing KFC’s long-term growth strategy with our franchise partners in the U.S.” Eaton added, “I want to thank Jason Marker for his strong leadership and the many contributions he has made to Yum! Brands and KFC U.S. over the years and wish him continued success. As we look ahead, I couldn’t be more excited about the strength, growth and future of the KFC brand in the U.S. for our customers, employees and franchisees.” Secrets From the Highest-Grossing Restaurant in New York Your Pie Introduces New Craft Series Featuring Fresh Tastes for Spring Restaurant Chain Growth Report 3/21/17 Captain D's Selects The&Partnership as Advertising Agency of Record Pita Pit Introduces New Team of Business Coaches to Boost Field Support for Franchisees Hawaii says 'Aloha' to Texas-Style Barbecue 16 Handles Launches Cold Brew Mocha Flavor Juice It Up! Recognizes Arizona as Prime Growth Market Hooters Fires Up Smoked Wings for the Tournament Games Secret Menu Items You Should Order at 12 Fast Food Restaurants Restaurant Franchise Opportunities Add Your Restaurant Franchise Listing Above DRNK & QWENCH Announces Huge Development News! Inside Chef Thomas Keller's French Laundry Remodel Brinker International Names Steve Provost Chief Marketing And Innovation Officer Of Chili's World of Beer Searching for Three Interns to Travel and Drink Beer Bojangles' Continues Franchise Growth, Signs New Development Agreement for Virginia Innovation, Community Engagement Highlighted at SXSW 2017 Brand Innovators Conference The Pizza Press Marks Fifth Anniversary With Plans for Nearly 150 New Stores & International Capriotti's Sandwich Shop to Debut in Idaho, Add Reno Restaurants with Five-Unit Franchise Agreement Grabbagreen Opens Second Charlotte Location Miami Subs and Miami Grill Celebrate National Cheesesteak Day With a Special Offer and Sweepstakes Subscribe to RestaurantNews.com Email: Copyright © RestaurantNews.com
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Thu, Mar 23, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Media & Marketing Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Digital ads may become less annoying under new plan Videos that auto-play with sound and ads that swamp screens among most-hated types Wed, Mar 22, 2017, 05:00 Updated: Wed, Mar 22, 2017, 08:48 Laura Slattery Facebook along with Google is a member of the Coalition for Better Ads which has launched new sets of “Better Ad Standards”. Photograph: Dado Ruvic/Reuters         Tech giants, advertisers and online publishers are pushing forward with plans to clean the web of the most annoying and intrusive types of ads as part of an industry response to the rise of ad blocking software. The coalition, which includes Google and Facebook and major advertisers Procter & Gamble and Unilever, has launched new sets of “Better Ad Standards” in Europe and the US to discourage the use of the most-hated formats. A major research project by the Coalition for Better Ads has confirmed consumers are irritated by a variety of digital ad formats including “pop-ups” that cover the screen and video ads that auto-play with sound. Unacceptable About 25,000 users in the UK, Germany, Italy and Spain participated in a research project where they were asked to give their feedback on 104 different ad formats in simulated desktop and mobile environments. Some 16 formats, including full-screen ads with “countdowns” and mobile ads that swamp more than 30 per cent of the screen, were widely held to be unacceptable by consumers. “The coalition is dedicated to delivering a better consumer experience of digital advertising,” said IAB Ireland chief executive Suzanne McElligott, who was involved in the process on behalf of industry group IAB Europe and its national counterparts. “The industry will move very quickly towards discontinuing the most annoying formats,” she said. “We want digital advertising to continue to flourish, but it can only do that with engagement from consumers. It is not a sustainable model otherwise.” The coalition intends to repeat its research in other markets. IAB has separately developed a set of industry guidelines known as the Lean principles that promote “non-invasive” ad formats, and these will be tested in Ireland and other European markets shortly. Welcomed The World Federation of Advertisers (WFA) welcomed the launch of the new ad standards. ADVERTISEMENT “Brand owners now have data on which online ad formats their consumers dislike and therefore won’t interact with,” said WFA chief executive Stephan Loerke. “The WFA strongly encourages its members and all advertisers to review the research and implement the Better Ads Standards in their online campaigns, helping improve the online ad experience for consumers and reduce the incentive to ad block.” While Facebook is a member of the coalition, it has recently tested auto-playing videos on its platform with the sound turned on.       Topics: Stephan Loerke Suzanne Mcelligott World Federation Of Advertisers Facebook Google Iab Procter and Gamble Unilever Read More The whistle sounds loud and shrill at INM over Newstalk row INM chief made protected disclosure under whistleblower rules INM’s digital media strategy has yet to pay dividends Corporate watchdog asks INM for records on mooted Newstalk deal Google to revamp policies and hire staff after UK ad scandal The stakes have risen since Murdoch’s last battle for Sky Google braced for questions as more big brands pull adverts Havas withdraws ad spending from Google and YouTube in UK Britain asks regulator to investigate Fox’s bid for Sky James Murdoch and Sky face ‘fit and proper’ test by UK watchdog Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Markets Stocks and bonds rally on interest-free ECB cash Technology Control your home heating on the go with Hub Controller Rugby England poised to have the Lion’s share in touring squad Innovation Swedish minnow Volvo drives ahead with autonomous cars Sponsored Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Ten things you don’t want to miss in Northern Ireland this year The Liberties, Newbridge and Mullingar capture the imagination of first-time buyers ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Stocks and bonds rally on interest-free ECB cash 13:06 PTSB appoints Shane O’Sullivan as group director of operations 12:10 Irish-founded start-up Lystable raises additional $10m, to open Belfast office 12:02 Lenders pay €78m to 2,600 account holders denied tracker rate 11:29 Accenture’s quarterly net income up on demand for digital, cloud services 11:26 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Lenders pay €78m to 2,600 account holders denied tracker rate 2 Construction boom could overheat economy, says ESRI 3 Stocks and bonds rally on interest-free ECB cash 4 PTSB appoints Shane O’Sullivan as group director of operations 5 Central Bank heavily criticises governance in credit unions 6 Irish-founded start-up Lystable raises additional $10m, to open Belfast office 7 Is construction Ireland’s economic cuckoo? 8 Irish technology firm Fenergo is to create 200 jobs 9 Irish gym software start-up Glofox flexes muscles as it raises €2m 10 Martin McGuinness: Reaction of British and Irish media to his death Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 23/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Carnival, Facebook, Freeport-McMoRan, Motorola Solutions, Procter & Gamble and Many More By Jon C. Ogg March 21, 2017 8:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each day of the week. The goal is to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some analyst reports cover stocks to buy, while other reports cover stocks to sell or to avoid. Some color has been added on many of the following calls, and the consensus analyst price targets referenced are from Thomson Reuters. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Tuesday, March 21, 2017: Carnival Corp. (NYSE: CCL) was raised to Outperform from Market Perform at Wells Fargo. Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB) was raised to Buy from Neutral with a $175 price target (versus a $139.94 prior close) at BTIG. Facebook has a consensus analyst price target of $159.82 and a 52-week trading range of $106.31 to $140.34. Freeport-McMoran Inc. (NYSE: FCX) was raised to Hold from Sell and the price target was raised to $14.00 from $12.50 (versus a $12.73 close) at Deutsche Bank. Motorola Solutions Inc. (NYSE: MSI) was raised to Buy from Hold and the price target was raised to $100 from $75 (versus an $84.30 close) at Jefferies. The firm feels that the LMR risk (LTE) is increasingly looking like a red herring and that Motorola’s consensus earnings expectations are too low. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) was started as Neutral with a $98 price target at JPMorgan in a broad-based neutral sector call on consumer products. Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ: NKTR) was reiterated as Buy and the price target was raised to $25 from $17 (versus a $22.11 close) at Jefferies. The firm feels that the unexpected Phase 3 success for NKTR-181 brings this mu-opioid analgesic back to life and feels that it could become Nektar’s largest and most profitable product as it squarely addresses the opioid epidemic. Janney has a Buy rating and moved its fair value for Nektar to $23. Credit Suisse’s equity strategy team is signaling that it has become more worried about the potential for a pullback short term, due to peak valuations, escalating uncertainty about the policy path in Washington, and based on concerns about a modest downtick in global IP momentum near term. Still, they remain buyers on dips for now and noted that fund flows and the longer term economic outlook remain constructive. Other key analyst calls were seen in the following: Aevi Genomic Medicine Inc. (NASDAQ: GNMX) was downgraded to Hold from Buy and the price target was slashed to $2.50 from $10.00 (versus a $2.21 close) at Jefferies. Akamai Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ: AKAM) was started as Buy with a $90 price target (versus a $64.86 close) at Drexel Hamilton. BCE Inc. (NYSE: BCE) was started as Overweight with a $47 price target (versus a $43.11 close) at Barclays. BWX Technologies Inc. (NYSE: BWXT) was raised to Buy from Neutral and the price objective was raised to $55 from $43 at Merrill Lynch. Columbia Sportswear Co. (NASDAQ: COLM) was reiterated as Outperform and the price target was raised to $72 from $69 (versus a $57.53 close) at Wedbush. The firm feels the company is taking the right steps and sees estimates driving upside in 2017. Constellation Brands Inc. (NYSE: STZ) was started as Overweight with a $183 price target (versus a $162.55 close) at JPMorgan. Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Inc. (NASDAQ: CBRL) was downgraded to Hold from Buy at Argus, based on slowing comparable store sales growth. Estee Lauder Companies Inc. (NYSE: EL) was started as Overweight with a $100 price target (versus an $86.51 close) at JPMorgan. HubSpot Inc. (NYSE: HUBS) was downgraded to Outperform from Strong Buy with a $73 price target (versus a $64.30 close) at Raymond James. Monster Beverage Corp. (NASDAQ: MNST) was started as Overweight and the price target was set at $56 at JPMorgan. Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE: NWL) was started as Overweight with a $63 price target (versus a $48.57 close) at JPMorgan. Nord Anglia Education Inc. (NYSE: NORD) was started as Buy with a $29 price target (versus a $24.13 close) at Citigroup. Pan American Silver Corp. (NASDAQ: PAAS) was raised to Outperform from Sector Perform with a $22 price target (versus a $17.20 close) at RBC Capital Markets. Sprouts Farmers Market Inc. (NASDAQ: SFM) was downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform with a $24 price target (versus a $21.83 close) at BMO Capital Markets. Tesoro Logistics L.P. (NYSE: TLLP) was started as Buy with a $62 price target (versus a $52.50 close) at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Bernstein downgraded certain food companies. While they were not all the calls, Campbell Soup, ConAgra, Kellogg and General Mills were downgraded to Underperform from Market Perform. Follow @Jonogg on Twitter to get analyst calls and research summaries posted directly to your feed. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Amazon’s Alexa Adds Voice Shopping for Prime Now Tesla Owners Love Their Cars, Despite Many Flaws » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, Akamai Technologies (NASDAQ:AKAM), BCE, Inc. (USA) (NYSE:BCE), Cracker Barrel Old Country Sto... (NASDAQ:CBRL), Carnival Corp (NYSE:CCL), Columbia Sportswear Company (NASDAQ:COLM), The Estee Lauder Companies, In... (NYSE:EL), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold... (NYSE:FCX), HUBS, Monster Beverage (NASDAQ:MNST), Motorola Solutions, Inc. (NYSE:MSI), Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR), Newell Rubbermaid, Inc. (NYSE:NWL), Pan American Silver Corp. (USA... (NASDAQ:PAAS), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), SFM, Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ), Tesoro Logistics (NYSE:TLLP) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search These 2 Stocks Are Up Over 500% Over the Last 5 Years 3 Dumb Mistakes to Avoid When Closing on a Mortgage Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Why Is Skechers (SKX) Up 12.7% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is AptarGroup (ATR) Up 4.4% Since the Last Earnings Report? PPG Confirms Rejection of Revised Offer by AkzoNobel Global stocks, sterling hold steady after London attack As Trump targets energy rules, oil companies downplay their impact Trump Tantrum looms on Wall Street if healthcare effort stalls Spoiler Alert: You're Probably Going to Fall Into This Credit Card Trap, and Here's Why Here's How to Find Great Tax Breaks You Might Have Missed Trust and Payments Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Upfronts 2017: Cable Nets Remind Advertisers TV Is About More Than Data By Jeanine Poggi - 29 minutes ago Array 0 The Connected Life Video: Finding the Magic in the Math 41 minutes ago Array 0 In a Blizzard of Cellphone Promos, McDonald's Tribute to a Teacher Stands Out on Viral Video Chart 1 hour ago Array 0 New iPhones Raise Funds to Fight AIDS; in China, Apple Doesn't Mention That By Angela Doland - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Chick-fil-A, Southwest Airlines, Dick's Sporting Goods and More By Catherine Gin - 1 hour ago Array 0 A House Sets Sail in This Dreamy Home Improvement Spot By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 SXSW Music: What Is Wrong With Us? By Geoff Cottrill - 7 hours ago 0 Production Costs Can Be Rigged Without Being Illegal By Emma Hall - 7 hours ago 0 Facebook Just Changed the Mobile Web Landscape With Header Bidding By George Slefo - 4 hours ago 0 Coalition for Better Ads Might Not Be the Solution Marketers Were Hoping For By George Slefo - 13 hours ago 0 Meet Ad Age's 2017 40 Under 40 - 2 days ago 0 Here Are the Podcasts That Influencers Turn to for Inspiration By Ad Age Staff - 2 days ago 0 Watch a Modern Ferris Bueller Track His Domino's Order By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 YouTube Clears Up Metrics Mess by Focusing on These Three Stats By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Study: Viewability Matters, But Likeability Matters Even More in Online Video By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Coalition for Better Ads Might Not Be the Solution Marketers Were Hoping For By George Slefo. Published on March 22, 2017. Credit: Irina_Strelnikova/iStock Most Popular The Coalition for Better Ads released research today that will likely surprise no one: Consumers do not like autoplay video ads with sound, pop-up ads and ads that quickly flash, change colors. Those are the core findings of the CBA's research. They're also part of a broader push to define the Better Ads Standard, which is an effort geared toward informing marketers and publishers which ads are most likely to drive consumer adoption of ad-blocking software. The Coalition paid some 25,000 participants in the U.S. and Europe to rate 104 different ad experiences on desktop and mobile to reach its conclusion. Future work, the CBA said, will focus on performing similar studies in different parts of the world until at least 2018; if consumers in Europe find pop-up ads annoying, will consumers in Africa find them equally annoying too? The organization's sluggish pace to answer such pedestrian questions highlights the long road ahead for both marketers and publishers. Globally, consumers are adopting ad blockers at a rapid pace: Desktop has grown 400% since January 2013 to 220 million in 2016, according to the latest figures from Adobe, and nearly 9 million mobile users in the U.S. and Europe run ad-blocking software. Related Stories In an Ad Blocking Battle, Whose Side Is Google On? Google and P&G in Coalition to Police Ad Standards Across the Web Adblock Plus Names 'Acceptable Ads' Committee, but Some Members Don't Seem Enthusiastic Adblock Plus Starts an Ad Tech Platform to Sell Ads Itself Formed in September of last year, the CBA is loaded with influential players from all parts of the digital advertising ecosystem. Companies like Google, Unilever, GroupM and The Washington Post make up the alliance that is the Coalition for Better Ads. Many may remember hearing about the CBA when it first debuted at Dmexco in Cologne, Germany. A few days prior to the organization's reveal, Adblock Plus announced it was getting into the business of selling ads, a move that left both publishers and marketers dumbfounded. Sridhar Ramaswamy, senior VP of ads and commerce at Google, sold a refreshing outlook to attendees by leveraging the CBA, hinting it could potentially fix the mess that is digital advertising. Yet more than six months later, the Coalition is sharing results that have been common knowledge to marketers for years. The group is also ignoring the fact that members like the Interactive Advertising Bureau have already performed similar research. Chuck Curran, counsel to the Coalition and attorney at Venable, said it's important to determine which ads perform poorly, but on a global scale. "We're announcing these results for North America and Europe because of the surprisingly tight correlations we're seeing," Mr. Curran said. "Advertisers, ad tech publishers -- everyone -- can now use this information." When asked if there was an ad that performed poorly in North America, but well in Europe, Mr. Curran declined to give an example. Membership for the Coalition, which starts at $20,000, has surged since the organization debuted, a spokesman said. Venable represented the Digital Advertising Alliance and helped deploy what's known today as the AdChoices initiative (which was described, perhaps accurately, as "debatably toothless" by AdExchanger), Mr. Curran said. Working with agencies, ad tech companies and publishers hasn't proved to be challenging, Mr. Curran said, dismissing any notion that there might be too many cooks in the kitchen. Performing such research will allow the Coalition to create a static ranking, or a "master view on what's more annoying and what's less annoying," Mr. Curran said. "It is from there you can then define better ad standards in the sense of identifying what are the experiences that are the most annoying, most distracting, and of those, which are most likely to drive a consumer to use an ad blocker." "That's really where we're focused: in those experiences that fall behind and below that threshold before consumer acceptability," he added. Coalition for Better Ads findings: On desktop, consumers told the Coalition they do not like pop-up ads, autoplay video ads with sound, prestitial ads that have a countdown timer, such as those found on Forbes.com and large sticky ads that consume more than 30% of the screen. On mobile, everything included on desktop, plus prestitial ads, full-screen scrollover ads, flashing animated ads and ads that consume a lot of mobile real estate. In this article: Ad Blocking Ad Tech Digital Digital Video Mobile Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Thu, Mar 23, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Media & Marketing Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Digital ads may become less annoying under new plan Videos that auto-play with sound and ads that swamp screens among most-hated types Wed, Mar 22, 2017, 05:00 Updated: Wed, Mar 22, 2017, 08:48 Laura Slattery Facebook along with Google is a member of the Coalition for Better Ads which has launched new sets of “Better Ad Standards”. Photograph: Dado Ruvic/Reuters         Tech giants, advertisers and online publishers are pushing forward with plans to clean the web of the most annoying and intrusive types of ads as part of an industry response to the rise of ad blocking software. The coalition, which includes Google and Facebook and major advertisers Procter & Gamble and Unilever, has launched new sets of “Better Ad Standards” in Europe and the US to discourage the use of the most-hated formats. A major research project by the Coalition for Better Ads has confirmed consumers are irritated by a variety of digital ad formats including “pop-ups” that cover the screen and video ads that auto-play with sound. Unacceptable About 25,000 users in the UK, Germany, Italy and Spain participated in a research project where they were asked to give their feedback on 104 different ad formats in simulated desktop and mobile environments. Some 16 formats, including full-screen ads with “countdowns” and mobile ads that swamp more than 30 per cent of the screen, were widely held to be unacceptable by consumers. “The coalition is dedicated to delivering a better consumer experience of digital advertising,” said IAB Ireland chief executive Suzanne McElligott, who was involved in the process on behalf of industry group IAB Europe and its national counterparts. “The industry will move very quickly towards discontinuing the most annoying formats,” she said. “We want digital advertising to continue to flourish, but it can only do that with engagement from consumers. It is not a sustainable model otherwise.” The coalition intends to repeat its research in other markets. IAB has separately developed a set of industry guidelines known as the Lean principles that promote “non-invasive” ad formats, and these will be tested in Ireland and other European markets shortly. Welcomed The World Federation of Advertisers (WFA) welcomed the launch of the new ad standards. ADVERTISEMENT “Brand owners now have data on which online ad formats their consumers dislike and therefore won’t interact with,” said WFA chief executive Stephan Loerke. “The WFA strongly encourages its members and all advertisers to review the research and implement the Better Ads Standards in their online campaigns, helping improve the online ad experience for consumers and reduce the incentive to ad block.” While Facebook is a member of the coalition, it has recently tested auto-playing videos on its platform with the sound turned on.       Topics: Stephan Loerke Suzanne Mcelligott World Federation Of Advertisers Facebook Google Iab Procter and Gamble Unilever Read More The whistle sounds loud and shrill at INM over Newstalk row INM chief made protected disclosure under whistleblower rules INM’s digital media strategy has yet to pay dividends Corporate watchdog asks INM for records on mooted Newstalk deal Google to revamp policies and hire staff after UK ad scandal The stakes have risen since Murdoch’s last battle for Sky Google braced for questions as more big brands pull adverts Havas withdraws ad spending from Google and YouTube in UK Britain asks regulator to investigate Fox’s bid for Sky James Murdoch and Sky face ‘fit and proper’ test by UK watchdog Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Markets Stocks and bonds rally on interest-free ECB cash Technology Control your home heating on the go with Hub Controller Rugby England poised to have the Lion’s share in touring squad Innovation Swedish minnow Volvo drives ahead with autonomous cars Sponsored Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Ten things you don’t want to miss in Northern Ireland this year The Liberties, Newbridge and Mullingar capture the imagination of first-time buyers ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Stocks and bonds rally on interest-free ECB cash 13:06 PTSB appoints Shane O’Sullivan as group director of operations 12:10 Irish-founded start-up Lystable raises additional $10m, to open Belfast office 12:02 Lenders pay €78m to 2,600 account holders denied tracker rate 11:29 Accenture’s quarterly net income up on demand for digital, cloud services 11:26 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Lenders pay €78m to 2,600 account holders denied tracker rate 2 Construction boom could overheat economy, says ESRI 3 Stocks and bonds rally on interest-free ECB cash 4 PTSB appoints Shane O’Sullivan as group director of operations 5 Central Bank heavily criticises governance in credit unions 6 Irish-founded start-up Lystable raises additional $10m, to open Belfast office 7 Is construction Ireland’s economic cuckoo? 8 Irish technology firm Fenergo is to create 200 jobs 9 Irish gym software start-up Glofox flexes muscles as it raises €2m 10 Martin McGuinness: Reaction of British and Irish media to his death Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 23/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » HUL, P&G, Nirma lose market share to small local brands Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Rupee hits 1-1/2 yr high HUL, P&G, Nirma lose market share to small local brandsSagar Malviya Data from market researcher Euromonitor show that homegrown brands such as Ghari, smaller private labels, and other regional players together gained about 100 basis points (bps) in the Rs 20,000-crore laundry market that is still dominated by the Big Three above. | ET Bureau | Mar 22, 2017, 09.53 AM IST Hand-washing remains the most prevalent mode of linen-wash in India, particularly in rural parts of the countr... Read More MUMBAI: India is washing its dirty linen all right, but is increasingly less public about it. In 2016, listed laundry behemoths Hindustan Unilever and Procter & Gamble either lost market share to regional and local brands or showed signs of fatigue: From the standpoint of market-share gains, the year wasn't the very best either for Nirma — the original local challenger to the transnational detergents brands. Data from market researcher Euromonitor show that homegrown brands such as Ghari, smaller private labels, and other regional players together gained about 100 basis points (bps) in the Rs 20,000-crore laundry market that is still dominated by the Big Three above. While they still have a 60% share of the market, their dominance is slipping — by about 90 bps since 2014 and 40 bps in 2016. "Last year, economy brands continued to dominate sales. Price is an extremely important factor for consumers in rural India," said the report. Laundry care expanded by 9% in value terms in 2016, which was marginally slower than in 2015, with raw material prices such as crude oil dipping. In the laundry segment, several local players entered and many slashed prices to widen the price gap with national brands as crude oil, the key ingredient for making detergents, fell sharply to $30 per barrel in January 2016. Hindustan Unilever, which sells the Surf Excel, Rin, and Wheel brands, is by far the market leader, with nearly 39.6% in the laundry detergent segment, and the Mumbai-based giant has retained its share. RSPL, which owns the Ghari brand, has increased its share by 100 bps over the past five years. With increasing penetration of washing machines and lower prices, laundry care consumers are shifting from bar detergents to powder detergents, a factor triggering growth for this category. Hand-washing remains the most prevalent mode of linen-wash in India, particularly in rural parts of the country, with these products accounting for a 74% share of laundry-care sales. Euromonitor also said most Indian consumers are unaware of the difference between standard powder detergents and the concentrated format and, therefore, tend to opt for lower priced products. Still, national players in the mass-priced segment, which includes brands such as Wheel, Nirma and Procter & gamble's Tide, lost market-share. For instance, HUL's Wheel has seen share erosion of about 60 basis points, while Nirma and P&G's Tide lost 30 bps and 50 bps, respectively. "While our brand is positioned at the mass-premium level, it has better quality compared with some of the pricier rivals," said Sushil Kumar Bajpai, president at RSPL. Compared with other categories within home care, laundry care has the highest penetration rate, and due to the increasing maturity of the segment, the projected growth for the forecast period is expected to remain lower at around 2% for the next five years. However, with increasing penetration of washing machines and rising number of women in the workforce, consumers are looking for faster methods of washing clothes. Hence, the market for powder detergents will expand at 4% a year to Rs 4,500 crore by 2021. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP He thought he was German. Could you be wrong also? Ancestry Top VOIP Deals You Shouldn't Pass Up. VOIP Offers More from The Times of India Ring road project: MoU will be readied in three-day Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York From the Web More From The Times of India This game will keep you up all night!Vikings: Free Online Game Family Takes Same Photo For 22 Years - Last One Is A Tearj..The Brofessional Photo Evidence Of Why Babies Need Dogs Will Melt Your HeartDogsome.net The Most Addicting Shopping Site For WomenTophatter Watch: What Causes Inflammatory Bowel Disease?HealthiNation Chinese media: Latest News, Videos and Photos Foods you should eat to stay happy Kadapa News: Latest News, Videos and Photos marksheet: Latest News, Videos and Photos Empty your mind ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Help This Pastor save his 4-yr-old Daughter! Ad: Milaap 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas D-Mart dhamaka on D-St: Shares surge over 100% on listing Avenue Supermarts made a bumper debut on bourses, as its shares got listed at Rs 604.40, a 102.14 per cent premium over its issue price of Rs 299 apiece. Finance ministry rejects Apple’s tax demands Finance ministry has rejected tax sops requested by Apple saying that there are no exemptions for single tech companies. From around the Web Adith Is fighting something Worse Than Cancer MILAAP Bollywood Actresses with the highest paycheck BOLLYWOODUNION Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas Top 10 Highest Earning Actresses In Bollywood BOLLYWOODUNION More From The Times of India With no proper protection, witnesses remain soft targets TOI Website Neil Nitin Mukesh has more muscles than clothes TOI Website Porn star reference to future wife irks Charlie Sheen TOI Website Read MoreWheelWashing powder marketwashing powderP&GNirma Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Rupee falls by 27 paise against dollar in opening trade Coca-Cola India to reduce focus on fizzy drinks D-Mart gets the basics of retail right, strikes gold 1HUL, P&G, Nirma lose market share to small local brands 2Rupee falls by 27 paise against dollar in opening trade 3Coca-Cola India to reduce focus on fizzy drinks 4D-Mart gets the basics of retail right, strikes gold Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends SBI Yogi Adityanath Maruti Suzuki PM Modi India vs Australia ICC Test Ranking CM Adityanath Nowruz 2017 SBI  Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Vodafone Idea merger Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics ICC Rankings Ram Mandir dispute Yogi Adityanath SBI IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Dhanush paternity case Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy in March Looking to add income-generating stocks to your portfolio? PepsiCo, VF Corporation, and Procter & Gamble should be on your list. Keith Noonan, Dan Caplinger, and Jason Hall (keithnoonan) Mar 21, 2017 at 5:46PM Dividend-paying stocks offer ways to generate income and insulate your portfolio in the event of market downturn, but it's generally a good idea to look for stocks that offer reliable payment increases in addition to sizable yields. Among the most reliable dividend increases are the "Dividend Aristocrats" -- members of the S&P 500 index that have delivered at least 25 years of consecutive payout growth. To highlight some of the best investment options out of the 51 stocks that satisfy those criteria, we asked three Motley Fool writers to profile a top Dividend Aristocrat stock to buy this month. Here's why PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP), VF Corporation (NYSE:VFC), and Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) made the list. Image source: Getty Images. Raise a glass to this food and beverage giant Dan Caplinger (PepsiCo): PepsiCo caters to two basic needs that consumers across the globe have: food and drink. Yet the company has put together an impressive record of dividend growth by going beyond the basics to innovate and become a leader in the food and beverage industry using the full power of its Pepsi soft drink line, Frito-Lay snack division, and other key franchises. CEO Indra Nooyi and her team were among the first to see the shift toward healthier snack and drink options, and PepsiCo responded with new product lines and new options within existing, well-known brand favorites to try to keep customers satisfied despite their changing tastes. At a time when its competitors are struggling with backlash against perceived unhealthy sugary soft drinks, PepsiCo remains well ahead of the curve. PepsiCo has a reasonably strong dividend yield of 2.7%, but what truly stands out is its track record of boosting its dividend each and every year for 44 straight years. That's what qualifies the company as a Dividend Aristocrat, and the most recent 7% dividend increase came last June. That makes now a good time to consider PepsiCo for your income-investment portfolio, especially in light of the likelihood that a 45th consecutive annual dividend increase is likely on its way in the next couple of months. A great company going through a rough spell  Jason Hall (VF Corporation): Over the past couple of years, VF Corp. has seen years of steady growth come to a halt. 2016 revenues were $12 billion, essentially the same as the year before, while operating income and profits actually declined. So, why buy a company that's seeing sales stagnate and profits go backward? Because VF is an excellent company that's already made changes to strengthen its business, while continuing to own a collection of powerful brands that have proven the ability to outlast fashion trends. Last year, VF sold off a handful of its smaller contemporary brands that it has struggled to grow, freeing up resources it can dedicate to its more proven businesses. This is exactly the kind of move investors should like to see in a company that's renowned for its focus on costs and leveraging its best assets.  Looking ahead, 2017 isn't likely to be much better than 2016, but the long term looks really solid. The U.S. economy is in good shape, and the opportunity for international growth remains very strong. And trading at around 17 times next year's earnings, VF's stock is a pretty good deal right now. Add in a 2.9% yield on its dividend, and the expectation that the company should be able to continue expanding it for years to come, and now's a good time to invest in this great company.  A consumer goods stalwart Keith Noonan (Procter & Gamble): With a reputation for being a relatively safe, low-growth stock even among the list of Dividend Aristocrats, Procter & Gamble might not be an exciting pick, but the company has a great dividend profile and avenues to substantial payout increases down the line. It's true that the company's last increase boosted its dividend by just 1%, and a payout ratio of nearly 70% suggests a potential obstacle to big raises, but there are signs that its sales trajectory is turning around, and margins should continue to improve. The company is guiding for organic sales growth between 2% and 3% this year, and earnings and free cash flow should see tailwinds as the company cuts down on expenses and moves forward with a more favorable product mix. Looking ahead, the company anticipates that it can save roughly $2 billion annually over the next five years by reducing non-manufacturing overhead and the cost of goods sold. Procter & Gamble's moat is its brand strength, and it owns and manufactures some of the most well-known consumer goods brands on the planet -- including Crest toothpaste, Tide laundry detergent, and Gillette razors. The company has 23 brands that generate more than $1 billion in annual retail sales, and recent divestiture from lagging products is helping to improve overall profitability.  P&G yields 2.9%, and the company has raised its payout for 60 years running. With the company expected to announce a payout increase in April and strong long-term prospects for its business, March looks like a great time to buy P&G stock.   Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. Jason Hall has no position in any stocks mentioned. Keith Noonan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends PepsiCo. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Noonan, Dan Caplinger, and Jason Hall (keithnoonan) Keith Noonan covers technology, entertainment, and other fields. You can follow him on Twitter by clicking the button below: Follow @TweethNoonan Article Info Mar 21, 2017 at 5:46PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $90.99 no change (0.00%) VF NYSE:VFC $53.09 no change (0.00%) PepsiCo NYSE:PEP $112.02 no change (0.00%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc Here's Why the Worst Is Yet to Come for Procter & Gamble Company Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy in March @themotleyfool #stocks $PG, $VFC, $PEP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 March 2017 by Military News $14,592.72 Mn for Global Adult Diapers Market by 2022 Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 03/22/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Adult Diapers Market (Pad Type, Pants Type, and Flat Type Adult Diapers): Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, and Forecast, 2015 – 2021″. According to the report, global adult diapers market was valued at USD 9,246.36 million in 2015 and is expected to reach USD 14,592.72 million by 2021, growing at a CAGR of 7.50% between 2016 and 2021. In terms of volume, the global adult diapers market stood at 17,689.3 million units in 2015. Request Free Sample Research Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/adult-diapers-market An adult diaper is a disposable diaper consist of an absorbent inserted in between two non-woven fabric structure. This helps in avoiding the leakage, maintain the body fluid level and improve comfort. Fluff pulp, polypropylene polymer, film, polypropylene fiber, polyester fiber, biocomponent fiber, rayon/fiber, cotton and other are some of the raw materials used in adult diapers. Diapers can be used by adults with various conditions, such as severe diarrhea, dementia, incontinence or mobility impairment. Growing aging population, urbanization and increased awareness of treatment methods for urinary incontinence are expected to be the major drivers for the global adult diaper market. Aging population, economic affluence and improvement of the healthcare sector are expected to support the adult diaper market growth in the near future. However, volatility in prices of raw material may curb the demand for adult diaper within the forecast period. Also, ever increasing demand for the new products which includes body fit, skin friendly, superior absorption, stretchable, stylish and odor free is expected to grow new opportunities in the adult diaper market. The adult diaper market is segmented on the basis of different products including pad type adult diapers, pants-type adult diapers, flat type adult diapers and others. Pad type adult diapers accounted for the majority share of the global adult diaper market in 2015 accounted for around 48.01% share of the overall market in terms of revenue. Inquire more about this report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/adult-diapers-market Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. North America dominated the adult diapers market followed by Europe. Asia Pacific also expected to show moderate growth in the years to come. Developing countries are anticipated to experience the largest growth owing to changing lifestyle and rising population. China followed by India, has the biggest population of senior citizens and is also anticipated to demonstrate the fastest growth in the next few years. In the past couple years, baby diaper market giants, Kimberly-Clark KMB and Procter & Gamble have introduced novel products and marketing intended at non-senior adults with bladder leakage. First quality enterprises, inc., Daio paper, Covidien, Kao Corp., Kimberly Clark, Hengan Group, Medline Industires, Unicharm, Nippon Paper Industries, Ontex International, and DSG international, are some of the key participants in the adult diaper market. Browse detail report with in-depth TOC @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/adult-diapers-market The report segments the global adult diapers market as: Adult Diapers Market: Product Segment Analysis Pad Type Pants Type Flat Type Adult Diapers Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America U.S. Europe UK France Germany Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil The Middle East and Africa Request a customized copy of report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/custom/387 CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Lifestyle, major, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Amylases Market 2017: BASF, DuPont, Aalto Scientific, ENMEX, AB Enzymes, Kao Corporation Next PostNext Macroprudential Policy, Incomplete Information and Inequality : The case of Low-Income and Developing Countries Search Recent Posts IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Hill International Announces Update to Anticipated Closing Date of Construction Claims Group Sale Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Weather 56° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close 15 ways to save at Target See how many of these savings tips you can use on your next trip to Target. Brittney Laryea and MagnifyMoney , KHOU 4:08 PM. MST March 22, 2017 A sign is posted outside of a Target store on February 28, 2017 in Southgate, California. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) (Photo: Justin Sullivan, 2017 Getty Images) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Target’s legion of fans often complain about how they just can’t get enough of the red-and-white retailer. Unfortunately, we can’t help you with your red-dot addiction. We can, however, key you in on savings to take advantage of the next time you’re unable to resist that bright red Target sign on your drive home from work. See how many of these 15 savings tips you can use on your next trip to Target. Know when to shop 1. Know which days to shop Save money on your trip before you enter the store by knowing which days to go in for what goods. Most Targets reserve specific days of the week to mark down certain items to clearance. Below are the best days to shop for particular items, according to red-dot fan blog, All Things Target. Monday: electronics, accessories, kids’ clothing, books, baby, stationery Tuesday: domestics, women’s clothing, pets, market (food items) Wednesday: men’s clothing, health & beauty, diapers, lawn & garden, furniture Thursday: housewares, lingerie, shoes, toys, sporting goods, decor & luggage Friday: auto, cosmetics, hardware, jewelry Clearance prices can also vary by store. One store might have items in the health and beauty department at a 30% markdown, while another Target a few miles away may put the same items on sale at 50% off. If you have multiple Target stores in your area, you might save even more on the items if you call ahead or shop around for the best deal. In addition, your local Target might follow a different or altered markdown schedule, and departments are at liberty to change their markdown day to a different day of the week. 2. Shop just after the holidays Shopping after holidays at Target can mean an opportunity to purchase some items at discounts as low as 90%. All you need to do is practice just a bit of patience. Target’s unofficial holiday markdown schedule according to All Things Target goes as follows: The day after the holiday: 50% off Three days after: 75% off One week after: 90% off 3. Free samples Every now and then, Target offers free samples on its website. All you need to do is fill out a short survey, and you should receive the product at your mailing address in three to five business days. Check samples.target.com to see if the retailer has any free samples currently available. Note: When there are no free samples available, this link will take you to their main website. Keep checking. Before you walk in... 4. Sign up for a REDcard If you make multiple weekly trips to Target, you could benefit from signing up for their branded credit card called the REDcard (Check out the MagnifyMoney Target REDcard review here). REDcard customers get 5% off their bill at the register, free shipping at Target.com, and an extra 30 days to return items. Like many store-specific credit cards, you can only use the REDcard in Target stores. If you don’t want a credit card, Target’s REDcard has a debit card version as well. You’ll link the debit card to a bank account, and each purchase made with the Target debit card is automatically deducted from your account. You’ll still get the 5% off of your bill at the register, and the debit option is also great for those who don’t want to add to a pile of existing credit card debt. If you do go with the credit option, you should be aware that with an interest rate at 23.4%, the 5% savings you’d get at the register is inconsequential if you carry a month-to-month balance. The card also comes with high fees for late and missed payments. For example, you’ll be charged $35 if you forget to make a payment on time. The REDcard’s 5% off applies to every transaction and every item in the store. The only exception is with prescriptions that are picked up at the pharmacy. You’ll get a 5% off coupon for every five prescription purchases with your REDcard, which you can use with your next big in-store purchase for a combined 10% off at the register. Both REDcard options can only be used at Target stores. 5. Find discounted gift cards online You can save even more cash at Target before you get to the store when you buy someone’s old Target gift card at a discount online. Look for discounted gift cards on websites like Gift Card Granny, which aggregates discounted gift card offers from around the web for you. As of this writing, the site has a $25 gift card for Target available for 6.5% off.   If you snap up a deal like that and then shop with a REDcard, you’ll get a total 11.5% off your purchase. Other great online gift card resellers are Raise, WhizWallet, and Cardpool. The sites resell both e-cards and physical gift cards so you may have to wait a few days to get yours in the mail. After you get the card or code, you’re all set to use the discounted gift card. 6. Download both of Target’s apps Target has not one but two apps where red-dot fans can find additional savings. As expected, one is the official Target app, where you’ll be able to find coupons exclusive to the app. Just tap “mobile coupons” in the Target app to sign up for alerts. The retailer’s other app, Cartwheel, is a social savings app that allows you to select coupons by category or by scanning items in store, then use your smartphone to apply the discounts at checkout. In addition to Target’s two apps, consider using other apps like RetailMeNot, which aggregates online and in-store retailer coupons. 7. Follow @Target on social media Like, follow, and subscribe to @Target on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Pinterest, and other online social channels to hear first on social media about sales updates. The retailer might even post about deals exclusive to its social media audience. If your local store has its own accounts, follow them for promotional deals tailored to that location. 8. Try cash back apps and websites Sign up for cash back apps to save money each time you go to target. Sign up for an app like Ibotta, Ebates, BeFrugal, or Checkout 51. To make the most of savings on Ibotta and Checkout 51, you just need to take a picture of your receipt to get cash back credited to your account on the application. When shopping online, you can use the Ebates extension to see cheaper options or coupons for products, or check first on BeFrugal for coupons you can use on Target’s website.   At the store… 9. Save with coupons Target has come up with so many ways for consumers to get coupons, you’d have to try pretty hard to miss them. 5 places to find Target coupons: 1. The weekly ad,Target’s landing page for updates on coupons and deals 2. Manufacturer's websites, where you can find coupons like these on Procter & Gamble products 3. The Target app 4. The Cartwheel app 5. Text COUPONS to 827438 (Target)   You can stack coupons from multiple sources to get even greater savings. 10. Take advantage of price match You can save money on purchases up to two weeks later by knowing the rules for Target’s generous price match policy. Check first to see if the retailer has marked down anything you bought within the past two weeks. If Target has lowered the price, you’ll get the difference refunded to you. Target also matches prices to that of online retailers like Amazon and competitors like Walmart, so if you find a cheaper price on an item with a competitor, ask the cashier about price match. If you’re tech-savvy, you can download a browser extension to track certain items that you’ve purchased. Services like Slickdeals will notify you when the price for something you’re tracking changes. 11. Look for clearance racks This may seem obvious, but you should keep an eye out for deals while you’re shopping since many in-store deals aren’t advertised. Look out for little red-and-white sale and clearance signs to find deals that evaded Target’s apps and website. Take care to double-check the end caps of racks facing the store’s walls, as you could find easy-to-miss clearance deals. 12. Shop store brands You’ll find even more savings when you forgo name-brand products for one of Target’s many store brands. Store brands like up & up, Market Pantry, and Archer Farm will generally run you less than comparable name-branded products. For example, a pack of 86 up & up size 3 Overnight Diapers will currently run you about $14.99, while a comparable Huggies product with 92 diapers nearly doubles your cost at $24.29. 13. Don’t miss the free gift cards! There is free money all over Target waiting for you to come across it. Some purchases will earn you a free gift card if you can find them. Check the weekly ad for items you may already need that happen to come with a free gift card offer. You can use it right away, or wait until your next purchase to apply the card. Target offers free gift cards with purchases in-store and online, as pictured below.   At checkout... 14. BYOB (bring your own bag) Bring your own reusable bag to earn a 5-cent discount at checkout. It doesn’t sound like much right away, but the cents add up to dollars quickly, especially if you make multiple Target trips a week. For example, someone who makes three Target runs a week who walks out with two bags on average will save $15.60 annually if they bring their own reusable bags. 15. Check your coupons at checkout Target gives you even more reason to return for another visit. Take a look at your receipt after checkout for coupons that’ll help plan savings for your next trip. Oftentimes, the deals are based on your trip, so when you’re finished with one bottle of lotion, you can come back to buy 2 for 1. MagnifyMoney is a price comparison and financial education website, founded by former bankers who use their knowledge of how the system works to help you save money. © MagnifyMoney CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Livestream 4 Anti-Trump billboard artist gets death threats Deadly fake oxy pills being sold in Arizona Giraffe Birth Facts Child shot and killed - what happened? Arizona Teachers: Underpaid and overburdened Must-watch: Rock-crawling buggy lands amazing drop 2-year-old shoots 9-year-old brother Teacher accused of improper relationship Woman stranded 5 days near Grand Canyon More Stories State board revokes former Mesa lieutenant's peace… Mar 22, 2017, 4:30 p.m. Parents of boy shot, killed booked on 1st-degree murder Mar 22, 2017, 11:32 a.m. 3-decade-old sex assault cold case linked to… Mar 22, 2017, 1:10 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action More... Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Spanish Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Arizona's Most Wanted Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Super Bowl Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 Real Men Wear Gowns AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Magnify Money Dollars & Sense More Features Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Dark Skies Over Arizona Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday Ways to Save Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Grammys Ask the Expert About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News Advertise with Us TV Listings NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey Text Alerts © 2017 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Phoenix Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Google’s ‘hate’ video crisis could become a $1 billion problem By Claire Atkinson View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 22, 2017 | 6:48pm Modal Trigger Shutterstock More On: google Google's ad crisis response shows web is growing up Google Maps will soon be able to track you Google wakes up to its White Power problem Google's proposed new campus is a giant tent A growing avalanche of advertisers are boycotting Google for placing ads next to extremist and otherwise offensive content — and it could turn into a billion-dollar problem, according to one Wall Street analyst. AT&T, Verizon, pharma giant GSK and the Enterprise car-rental company all said Wednesday they were pulling their ads from a variety of Google platforms including the YouTube video-sharing site until they are satisfied their brands aren’t popping up next to internet garbage. A Times of London report on Wednesday showed that Verizon ads were displayed next to a radical Egyptian cleric who is banned from the US. Google had disabled UK advertisers but US advertisers continued to show up there. AT&T’s ads, meanwhile, were found on a website featuring Al Qaeda operatives. This week, Brian Wieser of Pivotal Research was the first analyst to downgrade Google because of the dustup. It began last week when marketing giant Havas pulled all of its ads from Google’s YouTube UK site following a report from the Times of London that British government ads had been placed alongside videos from white supremacist David Duke and anti-Semite pastor Steve Anderson. Wieser told The Post Wednesday that the impact will be felt by Google, which instead of discussing how to take away TV ad dollars in upcoming ad negotiations will now be mired in “brand safety issues.” “The marginal increase [in ad dollars] is less likely to occur,” Wieser said. He said the impact on Google was likely to be around 1 percent of its revenue base, or $1 billion. SEE ALSO Google wakes up to its White Power problem 0:0 Google boss Larry Page is beginning to sweat. The search... “Google’s stated solution was late and woeful,” Wieser said. “Given numerous opportunities to nip it in the bud, they’ve seemingly made it worse.” The two telecom giants — which compete with Google for ad dollars — issued statements on Wednesday. AT&T said: “We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate. Until Google can ensure this won’t happen again, we are removing our ads from Google’s non-search platforms.” AT&T, which said it is pulling all of its ad spending from Google except for search ads, is the nation’s second-largest advertiser behind Procter & Gamble, spending some $3.3 billion on paid advertising, according to Advertising Age. Verizon ranked number five, spending $2.5 billion. “Once we were notified that our ads were appearing on non-sanctioned websites, we took immediate action to suspend this type of ad placement and launched an investigation,” Verizon said in a Wednesday statement. “We are working with all of our digital advertising partners to understand the weak links so we can prevent this from happening in the future.” A spokeswoman declined to say where Verizon’s ads were appearing. Verizon just acquired Yahoo and AOL in order to compete with Google for ad dollars. Google has apologized for the problem and has said it will revamp tools for advertisers to help correct the issues. “We’ve begun an extensive review of our advertising policies and have made a public commitment to put in place changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear,” a Google spokesperson said Wednesday. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under advertising ,  at&t ,  digital advertisements ,  google ,  verizon ,  youtube Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next These are the worst states to work if you're a woman Read Next These are the worst states to work if you're a woman Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 98,306 Twitter freaks after Kristi Yamaguchi tells Nancy Kerrigan to 'break a leg' 52,669 Bull gores 11-inch horn up matador's butt 41,527 Infant twin girls found dead inside apartment Now On Suge Knight hospitalized for blood clots Kate Winslet: My childhood bullies called me ‘blubber’ James Corden pays tribute to London terror attack victims SEE ALL Video 1:03 AT&T contractors caught having the 'sissiest fight' ever on lawn More Stories pagesix Twitter freaks after Kristi Yamaguchi tells Nancy Kerrigan to 'break a leg' Now On Decider 10 Movies That Pushed The Boundaries Too Far nypost Bull gores 11-inch horn up matador's butt New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved 72andSunny Promotes Jenny Campbell to Managing Director in Los Angeles Advertisement NEXT:'Greatness Springs From Here' in FCB New York's Push for Poland Spring Highlighting New England Residents PREVIOUS:Wednesday Odds and Ends Revolving Door 72andSunny Promotes Jenny Campbell to Managing Director in Los Angeles By Erik Oster on Mar. 22, 2017 - 5:55 PMComment MDC Partners’ 72andSunny promoted to managing director of its Los Angeles office. She replaces Chris Kay, who will move on to manage international ventures, in the position. Campbell joined 72andSunny as managing director of “maker lab” and production studio HECHO EN 72 last July, following a little over a year as senior global brand director for Nike+ member services. She spent nearly eight years with Nike, serving in a variety of roles including digital sports experience lead for Nike+ Running, NikeFuel and social innovation, director of NikeFuel and consumer knowledge and global brand innovation lead, advanced initiatives. Before joining Nike as a marketing consultant in 2007, she spent over 12 years as a group account director with Wieden+Kennedy, working on accounts including Target, P&G, Electronic Arts, Nike and Heineken. “At her core, Jenny is an innovator and builder,” 72andSunny founder, creative co-chairman Glenn Cole told Adweek. “John [Boiler, co-founder] and I have worked with Jenny throughout the years, and we’ve seen first hand how her entrepreneurial drive, exceptional creative judgement and empowering management style can inspire people and game-changing work.” Campbell’s promotion follows 72andSunny being named global lead creative agency for eBay earlier this month and promoting five employees to partner status across its Los Angeles, New York and Amsterdam offices this week, including Kay. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Ad Sales Account Manager Adweek New York City, New York (US) Clinical Strategist Haymarket Media Group New York City, New York (US) Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Texarkana, TX Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Roanoke, VA Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Winston Salem, NC See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Log In | Become a Member | Contact Us Labels & Packaging News, Analysis & Video Connect on Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn Home Economics Wide Format Labels & Packaging Print Software Data Analysis Webinars White Papers Jobs News Video Commentary & Analysis Drytac expands USA team with two new appointments Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Press release from the issuing company Bristol, UK - Drytac, an international manufacturer of self-adhesive materials for the print, label and industrial markets, is pleased to announce that Olga Bates and Amanda Brown have joined the company as the new members of the recently restructured Marketing and Brand department in the USA: Olga as Brand Manager and Amanda as Marketing Coordinator.  The purpose of the Brand department is to reflect Drytac’s evolution over the years and the company’s new expansion goals. Both Olga and Amanda will be based in Drytac’s USA offices in Richmond, Virginia.  Olga is a VCU Brandcenter graduate and holds a Master’s degree in Communications with concentration in Advertising Strategy, and she has a decade of experience in marketing and advertising, particularly retail advertising.    “I consider it an honour and a privilege to spearhead the rebranding efforts for an organisation as remarkable as Drytac. The more I get to know its culture and personality, the more I admire this company. It’s a good feeling when you can’t wait to come to work every day. I’m confident we can achieve even greater things in the future by taking the Drytac brand to the next level,” said Olga.  Prior to joining Drytac, Olga worked at several companies including The Martin Agency and Capital One, and played a key role in designing and implementing the programming strategy for Walmart Digital Network. In the course of her career, she also worked with clients such as L’Oréal, NFL, GSK, Kraft, Unilever, P&G and more. She brings a wealth of experience, branding expertise and a proven track record to the table, combined with a passion for what she does and the ability to get things done.  Amanda Brown is a Virginia Tech graduate, who graduated at the top of her class as a Fashion Merchandise and Design major. For the past two years, Amanda has worked as an Assistant Store Manager for Kohl’s Department Stores. She also served as a Kohl’s Campus Ambassador at Virginia Tech and was one of the youngest to be promoted to an Assistant Store Manager. She gained a lot of experience supervising employees, implementing store displays and promoting products. Amanda brings that same drive and enthusiasm to her position as Marketing Coordinator at Drytac.      Tweet       Email    Print    Order Reprints   Post a Comment To post a comment Log In or Become a Member, doing so is simple and free   Industry News Koenig & Bauer on a growth and profitability trajectory Development Dimensions International Enhances In-House Print Capabilities With Its First Océ VarioPrint i300 Installation IWCO Direct Adds Technology to Enhance Data-Driven Marketing Solutions Print Media Centr set to inspire Graphics Canada visitors with comprehensive Innovations Theatre schedule Graham VIcek joins IIJ to drive US inkjet operations as President High-end digital finishing of wine, spirit & perfume applications presented by SMAG at the Xeikon Café Leading technology providers amongst exhibitors at InPrint 2017 in Munich All Today's Industry News » SHARE Email Tweet Print Label & Packaging Section David Zwang, Editor/Analyst David travels the globe helping companies increase their productivity, margins and market reach. Labels and Packaging Video PDF for Packaging Now Ready for Prime Time Making Packages Interactive and Informative How KBA Is Surrounding the Packaging Market with Solutions New from PCMC: CI Flexography in a Compact Format Flexo Plates Designed for Clean Transfer, Reduced Press Stops WhatTheyThink Job Board prepress technician at Goodcopy Printing Center Inc in New Haven CT MIS Software Sales at Tharstern, Inc in Chicago / New York Project Manager of Consulting & Programming at IDEALLIANCE in Alexandria, VA Assistant Professor at School of Graphic Communications Management - Ryerson University in Toronto, ON (125 Bond Street) Regional Sales Manager at Nova Pressroom Products, LLC in Chicago Midwest US View More Jobs Recent Blog Posts Customer Experience 2.0 (Digital Nirvana) 25 Tips for Successful Content Marketing (Digital Nirvana) Unemployment Rate Steady at 6.3%; Data Imply Stabilizing Labor Market (Dr. Joe) What is Responsive Web Design? (Digital Nirvana) Digital Print Quality Issue: Punch, Counterpunch (Digital Nirvana) Are Younger Designers Unaware of Local Printing and Support? (Digital Nirvana) More »   Recent Webinars March Economic Webinar: Publishing and Ad Agency Markets, Capital investment in the Printing Industry February Economic Webinar: Printing Shipments, Employment, and Marketing Trends The Uber-ization of Web-to-Print January Economic Update: The 2017 Economy, Print and the Emerging Third Media Wave More Webinars » Become a Member Join the thousands of printing executives who are already part of the WhatTheyThink Community. Log in or register to access your WhatTheyThink Account Help & Member Center Contact Us Member Center About About WhatTheyThink Syndication and News Licensing Reprints Sponsorship Submit Your News Privacy Policy Terms WhatTheyThink Services Consulting Research Speakers Bureau Economic Advisory Service Corporate Membership   Copyright © 2017 WhatTheyThink. All Rights Reserved    
WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion Jennifer Fisher, Off-White Collaborate on Earring Design Peyton List, Madison Beer, Anwar Hadid Attend Guess 1981 Fragrance Launch DKNY Introduces Hybridized Smartwatch Andi Founder Andrea Weinberg Helps Sanctuary for Families With Donations Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business AI-Informed Avatars Have Arrived, More Accurate Than Ever The Fossil Smartwatch Push Continues at Baselworld Google Getting Fashionable With Smartwatches Henkel Creates Chief Digital Officer Position Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Perricone MD to Launch H2 Elemental Energy Line FlexyBeauty Raises 1.5 Million Euros Dr. Dennis Gross Launches Antiaging LED Goggles Le Petit Marseillais Lands Stateside Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Martine Rose Nurtures Her Cult Label Machine-A's Stavros Karelis on Curating His Indie Concept Store Nautica Continues Its Partnership With Lil Yachty Tailored Brands Names Bruce Thorn President Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Tory Sport RTW Fall 2017 Cote Mer RTW Fall 2017 Just Cavalli RTW Fall 2017 Discovered RTW Fall 2017 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Corum Returns to Growth Path With Chinese Backing Smartwatch Backlash: Ladies’ Watches Skew Glitzy, Feminine Industry Sees Wave of Takeovers Watch Trend: Dark Dial Watches Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Armani/Silos to Hold Larry Fink Exhibit Michael Strahan Likes Being on Top of Tom Brady — Literally Four Seasons at The Surf Club Opens Its Doors on Miami Beach Inside Popup Florist, Fashion's Latest Favorite Flowers Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD logo Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Business Moving Up: Jeff Gennette on His Plans for Macy's clock 10h • David Moin Accessories Losing Sparkle: DeBeers, LVMH Joint Venture Fizzles clock 15h • Natalie Theodosi Business Supreme Court Copyright Ruling Could Be a Coup for Designers clock 15h • Kali Hays Beauty Hair Fekkai Links With Influencer for Double-Duty Campaign Influencer will make appearance at Flagship Salon By Faye Brookman on March 22, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk As part of a double-duty campaign promoting its salons and hair care products, Fekkai Brands has tapped influencer Teni Panosian. The blogger and social media star, with more than 1.1 million YouTube followers, will appear at Fekkai’s flagship salon at 712 Fifth Avenue on March 23 from 5:30 to 7 p.m. She used her social platforms to promote the event, which is expected to attract more than 150 fans. Her Instagram announcement generated 12,000 likes in less than 12 hours. Teni Panosian’s Instagram announcing her appearance at Fekkai’s flagship generated 12,000 likes in 12 hours.  “Teni is the perfect example of a powerful influencer who has a strong affinity for our salons and products,” said Joel Ronkin CEO of Fekkai Brands, in regard to how Panosian was selected from the sea of influencers. “She has built a strong brand of her own on social media that complements that of our clients and consumers.” Fekkai linked with influencers before, he added, but not to this extent. The first 50 attendees to the flagship store this Thursday receive a $50 gift certificate for any Fekkai Hair service along with the opportunity to grab a photo with Penosian. All who attend will receive a Fekkai swag bag of samples, but beyond that, there will be a code for a special bundle. The “Get the Look” package will incorporate products used by Fekkai creative director Elie Camoro during Panosian’s appearance. The package of products will be offered to consumers on-line as a bundle. And as a sure sign spring is here, Fekkai fans can get Hampton-ready with a special deal every Friday through Memorial Day with a different incentive that will be announced via their social channels. These elements stretch the campaign beyond the one-time appearance. “With the ideation of this socially driven consumer promotion for both the Frédéric Fekkai Salons and hair-care brand, launching #TGIFekkai felt like the right time and opportunity to partner with someone like Teni Panosian,” Ronkin explained. It is just the beginning of what Ronkin, who joined Fekkai in 2015 following the purchase of the company by Luxe Brands from Procter & Gamble, has planned to kick sales into overdrive. As it celebrates its 28th anniversary, Ronkin wants to highlight the experiences that make the salons famous — even before Instagram. “We want consumers, some of whom we might not be reaching today, to see what the Fekkai experience is all about,” Ronkin said. His blueprint for success including enhancing the salon experience, introducing new and innovative hair care, a new marketing campaign and international expansion.   You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. hair Procter & Gamble Co Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Wal-Mart Steps Up Chilean Business clock 14h • Sharon Edelson Latest Galleries Inside Popup Florist, Fashion’s Latest Favorite Flowers Discovered RTW Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: Tokyo Fashion Week Fall 2017 FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd Sneak peek at Christopher Kane's "Beauty and the Beast" collection. #wwdfashion @wwd Sauntering down the street in style at #LFW. #theyarewearing (📷: @kukukuba) @wwd The Burberry finale brought the high drama to #LFW. (📷: @aitorrosasphoto) @wwd Feeling groovy at #LFW. #theyarewearing (📷: @kukukuba) @wwd @marykatrantzou delved into the Disney vault and brought 'Fantasia' to #LFW (📷: @kukukuba) More From Our Brands Footwear News This Go-To Prom Dress Designer Reveals How to Pick the Right Shoes 11h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Beauty Summit 2 months Ago Variety NBCUniversal Media Execs to Coach YouTube Creators 3h Ago BGR Apple denied the massive iCloud hack (but you should still change your password) 3h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Digital Daily FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD Subscriptions twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360 Market Updates Tweet   Global Professional Skincare Market CAGR of 6.37% during 2017-2021-Industry Analysis, Geographical Segmentation, Drivers, Challenges, Trend & Forecasts The Professional Skincare Market report provides an in-depth analysis with current and future trends to clarify the forthcoming investment in the market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 22, 2017 ) Global Professional Skincare market report shares information regarding key drivers, challenges and trends with impact analysis. Quantitative analysis of the current market and estimations through 20172021 are provided to showcase the financial appetency of the Professional Skincare industry. Experts forecast Global Professional Skincare Market is expected to grow at 6.37% CAGR during the period 2017-2021. Based on the target market and product pricing, the beauty products industry can be divided into two broad categories: mass beauty care and premium beauty care. While the mass category is targeted at the middle- and lower-income class (C, C-/D+, and D/E class) population, the premium category is targeted at the upper-income class (A/B and C+) or affluent class of the population. Professional Skincare Market Report Covered: Opportunity of the Professional Skincare market Market research methodology Market landscape Market segmentation by type Geographical segmentation Market Challenges Market Trends Professional Skincare Market Vendors landscape List of Exhibits And continued Get Sample PDF @ <||>rnhttp://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10533715 Professional Skincare Market Drivers: Health and wellness industry Growing air pollution Premium skincare products gaining traction High penetration of different types of distribution channels Professional Skincare Market Challenges: Product compliance, safety, toxicity, and efficacy Challenges in the use of certain ingredients Shorter lifecycles For a full, detailed list, view our report Professional Skincare Market Trends: Latest product trends Demand for personalization Growing popularity of professional at-home treatment products and kits For a full, detailed list, view our report Global Professional Skincare Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and restraints for the key players & their impact. Key Vendors of Professional Skincare Market: Beiersdorf LOreal Procter & Gamble (P&G) Shiseido Unilever And many more Professional Skincare market report provides key statistics on the market status of the Professional Skincare manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the Professional Skincare industry. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Professional Skincare Market Research Report @ <||>rnhttp://www.360marketupdates.com/10533715 Geographical Regions of Professional Skincare Market: Americas APAC Europe MEA Professional Skincare Market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Professional Skincare industry. Professional Skincare Market by Product Category: Anti-Aging Products Pigmentation Products Sun Protection Products Dehydration Products Acne-Control Products Anti-Cellulite Products Other Professional Skincare Products Professional Skincare Market by Distribution Channel: Salons and Spas Medical Care Centers and Institutes Specialty Stores Others Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Purchase Report @ <||>rnhttps://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10533715 Global Professional Skincare market report 2017-2021 explains in depth information about market development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Professional Skincare industry before evaluating its possibility. About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Sales Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360 Market Updates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Business Home LBoard Kit Siang to address ‘missing’ posters issue tomorrow FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Online advertisers sign up to better standards Reuters | March 22, 2017 The explosion of ad-blocking tools has launched a prolonged debate within the advertising industry over whether to rein in abusive ad practices or simply freeze out consumers who use ad blocker and still expect access to premium content. BRUSSELS/FRANKFURT: A broad coalition of advertising trade groups, ad buyers and sellers from Western Europe and the United States have urged the industry to stop using annoying online marketing formats that have fuelled the rapid rise of ad-blockers. The types of ads the coalition has identified as falling below standard include pop-up advertisements, auto-play video ads with sound, flashing animated ads and full-screen ads that mask underlying content from readers or viewers. The explosion of ad-blocking tools has launched a prolonged debate within the advertising industry over whether to rein in abusive ad practices or simply freeze out consumers who use ad blocker and still expect access to premium content. The Coalition for Better Ads said on Wednesday it was publishing the voluntary standards after a study in which more than 25,000 web surfers and mobile phone users rated ads. They identified six types of desktop web ads and 12 types of mobile ads as falling beneath a threshold of consumer acceptability and called on advertisers to avoid them. Matti Littunen, research analyst at Enders Analysis focusing on digital media, said the ad formats identified by the coalition “have already been discouraged for years by these bodies and yet are still commonplace.” The coalition is made up of major advertising associations from Britain, France, Germany and the United States, online ad platforms Google and Facebook, advertisers such as Procter & Gamble and Unilever and news publishers including News Corp, Washington Post and Thomson Reuters, the corporate parent of Reuters News. “This is an opportunity, with the breadth of our participation, to actually not only capture what the consumer doesn’t want but also to really educate and take action to make that a reality in the online experience,” said Chuck Curran, a lawyer for the coalition, on a call with reporters. “It’s that measurement of the point where the consumer is not just dissatisfied with the ad experience but actually more likely to use ad blockers and this is what we capture with the better ads standards.” Ad-blocking, which has surged steadily since 2013, covered 615 million computer or mobile devices in 2016, up 30 percent from a year ago, according to estimates from Dublin-based PageFair, a firm that helps advertisers find ways to overcome blockers. That’s 11 percent of the world’s online population. Facebook, the second largest advertising platform after Google, warned in 2015 that ad-blockers were crimping its revenue. It has responded by severely curtailing unpopular ad formats while implementing technology to make ads on its site tamper proof, by in effect blocking the ad-blockers. Still, Littunen questions whether the measures go far enough. “Some reasons for ad blocking are not addressed by this, most notably long load times (due to poorly optimized ad content or excessive server calls by third party tracking software) and the lack of easy consumer control over how their data is collected, profiled, and used for ad targeting online,” Littunen said. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Anda fit? Jom panjat Menara KL Airbnb makes growth push in China with plans to double investment Explore topics special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Another man taken away, similar to how pastor was abducted Husbands the cause of high breast cancer deaths? Rahman Dahlan hits back at Guan Eng’s… Tony Pua slams government’s U-turn on fuel ceiling… Former anti-vice police chief jailed 40 years for rape Singapore radio station fined for racially insensitive… Annuar Musa offers RM10,000 for essay proving Kit Siang a… Go after Jho Low instead of ‘Superman’ Hew, says Siri to the rescue for 4-year-old’s mum 3m-long crocodile sends chills up and down Juru river ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Ideas has it wrong, Malaysia is not off track Confused conservatives Pelajar dan telur Malaysia’s broken borders Comedy bumps Malaysia up on happiness index Rental housing is the way to go More... FMT Bahasa Seorang lagi diculik ala kes Pastor‎ Koh Kabinet setuju kaji hukuman mati pesalah dadah, kata Azalina Pemimpin PAS saran kerakyatan sementara untuk Rohingya Jamil Khir: Sebat cara syariah pernah dilaksanakan Inflasi dijangka naik hingga 4% pada 2017 Rahman bidas balik panggilan ‘ayam’ daripada Guan Eng More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments4 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Capital Business ‘Hillbilly Elegy’ author and Steve Case join forces to bring tech jobs to the heartland The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Aaron Gregg By Aaron Gregg March 22 at 2:34 PM Follow @Post_AG J.D. Vance. (Astrid Riecken for The Washington Post) J.D. Vance, a California venture capitalist who wrote best-selling memoir “Hillbilly Elegy,” said Wednesday he has joined Revolution, a D.C. investment firm co-founded by Washington-area business leaders Steve Case, Ted Leonsis and Donn Davis. Vance plans to scout for promising technology companies as part of Revolution’s “Rise of the Rest” campaign, an initiative to invest in promising technology companies outside of established urban tech hubs. He plans to split his time between D.C. and his home in Ohio, while also remaining engaged at Mithril Capital Management, a San Francisco venture capital fund co-founded by Peter Thiel, where he is a principal. “There are a lot of people who are feeling left behind by digitization and we need to address that,” Case said when asked why he brought Vance on board. Vance “has a platform, a voice and a ton of credibility.” Vance’s memoir hit bookstores in the summer of 2016 when the world was just beginning to view Donald Trump as a serious political figure. Few predicted then that the election could be decided by disaffected Rust Belt voters in states such as Ohio, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Vance’s book uses his childhood in a rural Ohio town as a flashpoint for the economic and social disconnectedness of America’s heartland. He describes how he weathered a difficult upbringing in a now-decrepit steel town before escaping to college at Ohio State. He later graduated from Yale Law School, made a fortune in the biotechnology industry, and became a part of the highly-exclusive Silicon Valley venture capital scene that holds tremendous weight in picking winners and losers in today’s technology industries. He joins AOL founder Steve Case, who helped build an industry-defining technology company outside of Silicon Valley. Case established AOL in Virginia and helped it grow into one of the pioneering firms of the early Internet. He engineered what turned out to be an ill-fated merger with what was then Time Warner before eventually making his way into the investment world. Case and Vance say they are trying to remedy the gaping inequalities in the economic benefits flowing from emerging technology industries. Part of the problem is that technology investors — who often provide critical fuel for tech companies in their early days — have historically clustered in established urban hubs. As a result, the country’s rural areas experience a certain “brain drain” as start-up founders leave in search of funding. “I think there’s a lot of energy and a ton of talent, but these regions don’t have a lot of access to capital,” Vance said Wednesday. Vance says his strategy will not focus on a single technology sector but will instead focus more geographically on untapped regions with promising assets. In his home state of Ohio, for example, Vance says he thinks Cincinnati shows promise as a hub for branding and marketing technology companies, by virtue of their proximity to consumer products giant Procter & Gamble. The problem Case and Vance want to address seems to only be getting worse. A recent Brookings report noted that 86 of the nation’s largest 100 metropolitan areas have seen their share of the technology sector shrink since 2010, while San Francisco, San Jose and New York continue to increase their dominance. Case says he’s seen some initial progress over the past year but admits they have a long road ahead. “Things are starting to happen, starting to percolate. … We’re just trying to throw some kerosene on it so it happens faster,” Case said. business capital-business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 4 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Aaron Gregg covers the local economy for Capital Business, the Post’s local business section. He studied music (Jazz guitar) and political science at Emory University in Atlanta, and has a graduate degree in public policy from Georgetown. Follow @Post_AG 4 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Analysis As Ivanka Trump kept her White House plans quiet, a coveted West Wing office stayed open for her 2 Why Verizon and AT&T are suddenly pulling their ads from Google and YouTube 3 Senate votes to lift limits on hunting Alaska grizzlies and wolves on federal land 4 Starbucks’ Howard Schultz hands the keys to his successor in an emotional investor meeting 5 The days of owning a car could be fading away, thanks to these alternatives Market Watch DJIA -0.03% NASDAQ 0.48% Get quote Last Update: 03/23/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business capital-business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Gillette Venus Reveals the Right Razor Can Expand a Woman’s Comfort Zone Gillette Venus ComfortGlide are the only razors with flexible moisture bars to glide seamlessly along every curve Gillette Venus ComfortGlide with Olay (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Gillette Venus ComfortGlide with Olay (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Gillette Venus ComfortGlide Vanilla Crème (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 22, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Whether it’s running into an ex, forgetting to apply deodorant, or a stumble-while-you-strut situation, every woman faces a number of uncomfortable moments in her daily life. At Gillette Venus, we believe that her shave shouldn’t be one of them. A comfortable shave can have a strong effect on how good a woman feels in her own skin. In fact, most women rank shaving higher than a new outfit or a full night’s sleep in its ability to make them feel more comfortable and confident.** Now, Gillette Venus has a solution for the 96% of women who experience discomfort while shaving.** Only Gillette Venus ComfortGlide razors have flexible moisture bars to glide seamlessly over and into every curve of a woman’s body, offering unsurpassed* comfort without sacrificing closeness—just in time to rock beautiful, flawless skin this spring. To better understand how shaving can affect a woman’s confidence, Gillette Venus investigated how shaving can affect their comfort levels in a wide variety of situations with a global survey. The study found that a majority of women feel much more comfortable and confident getting a massage, going out with friends, and giving a client presentation when they have a smooth shave.** With ComfortGlide razors, women can discover how a smooth shave with unsurpassed* comfort can help her step out of the shower, and confidently into whatever her day may bring. “In speaking with women around the globe over the years, we’ve found most experience a trade-off with their current razor that prevents them from getting a comfortable shave and the smooth results they desire to feel comfortable in their own skin,” said Gillette Venus Products Researcher, Patrice James. “In addition to the designed-for-her-curves features found in all Venus razors, ComfortGlide razors were created to bring a more comfortable experience – and beautiful, smooth results, instantly.” Gillette Venus ComfortGlide razors contain moisture bars that have been designed to flex around every contour of the body, releasing skin conditioning body butter while you shave for effortless glide. Wetting the razor activates the built-in moisture bars, releasing a light lather with each stroke, allowing the razor to glide seamlessly all over the body. Their unique flexibility allows them to be in constant contact with the skin surface, providing lubrication before and after the blades touch the skin to enable a comfortable, smooth glide with each stroke. About Gillette Venus ComfortGlide range: The Gillette Venus ComfortGlide collection offers both three- and five-blade razors, two of which combine Gillette Venus’ expertise in hair removal with the advanced skincare experience of Olay: Gillette Venus ComfortGlide with Olay and Venus ComfortGlide with Olay Sugarberry 5 curve-hugging blades surrounded by self-lathering, flexible moisture bars to give an unbelievably close shave, revealing lush, soft skin Skin Conditioners such as body butter, glycerin and petrolatum Available with Olay and with Olay Sugarberry Gillette Venus ComfortGlide Freesia, White Tea and Vanilla Crème 3 curve-hugging blades surrounded by self-lathering, flexible moisture bars for a close shave, revealing smooth skin Body butter from avocados, olives and kokum fruit Translucent handle designed with an enhanced gripping surface with a comfortable, curvy design for outstanding control and easy handling in a shower setting Available in a variety of indulgent scents including Freesia, White Tea and Vanilla Crème The Gillette Venus ComfortGlide razors are available at national food, drug, mass merchandise stores, and online retailers. The suggested retail price of the Gillette Venus ComfortGlide shaving system, which includes 1 razor + 2 blade refills is approximately $8.99-$14.99 MSRP. The suggested retail price of a four-pack of blade refills is approximately $14.99-$23.49 MSRP. Please Note: Pricing is at the sole discretion of the retailers. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit www.us.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. *Versus other razors with built-in soap bars **Survey Methodology: The Gillette Venus Survey was conducted in October 2016 by Research Now (www.researchnow.com) among 6,500 women ages 18-35 drawn from opt-in panels in each of the following countries via online survey: Canada, France, Germany, Russia, U.K. and U.S. Contacts Venus/P&G Beauty My Anh Nghiem nghiem.m@pg.com or Marina Maher Communications Claudette Sariya csariya@hellommc.com Release Summary Gillette Venus ComfortGlide are the only razors with flexible moisture bars to glide seamlessly along every curve Contacts Venus/P&G Beauty My Anh Nghiem nghiem.m@pg.com or Marina Maher Communications Claudette Sariya csariya@hellommc.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Gillette Venus Reveals the Right Razor Can Expand a Woman’s Comfort Zone Gillette Venus ComfortGlide are the only razors with flexible moisture bars to glide seamlessly along every curve Gillette Venus ComfortGlide with Olay (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Gillette Venus ComfortGlide with Olay (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Gillette Venus ComfortGlide Vanilla Crème (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 22, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Whether it’s running into an ex, forgetting to apply deodorant, or a stumble-while-you-strut situation, every woman faces a number of uncomfortable moments in her daily life. At Gillette Venus, we believe that her shave shouldn’t be one of them. A comfortable shave can have a strong effect on how good a woman feels in her own skin. In fact, most women rank shaving higher than a new outfit or a full night’s sleep in its ability to make them feel more comfortable and confident.** Now, Gillette Venus has a solution for the 96% of women who experience discomfort while shaving.** Only Gillette Venus ComfortGlide razors have flexible moisture bars to glide seamlessly over and into every curve of a woman’s body, offering unsurpassed* comfort without sacrificing closeness—just in time to rock beautiful, flawless skin this spring. To better understand how shaving can affect a woman’s confidence, Gillette Venus investigated how shaving can affect their comfort levels in a wide variety of situations with a global survey. The study found that a majority of women feel much more comfortable and confident getting a massage, going out with friends, and giving a client presentation when they have a smooth shave.** With ComfortGlide razors, women can discover how a smooth shave with unsurpassed* comfort can help her step out of the shower, and confidently into whatever her day may bring. “In speaking with women around the globe over the years, we’ve found most experience a trade-off with their current razor that prevents them from getting a comfortable shave and the smooth results they desire to feel comfortable in their own skin,” said Gillette Venus Products Researcher, Patrice James. “In addition to the designed-for-her-curves features found in all Venus razors, ComfortGlide razors were created to bring a more comfortable experience – and beautiful, smooth results, instantly.” Gillette Venus ComfortGlide razors contain moisture bars that have been designed to flex around every contour of the body, releasing skin conditioning body butter while you shave for effortless glide. Wetting the razor activates the built-in moisture bars, releasing a light lather with each stroke, allowing the razor to glide seamlessly all over the body. Their unique flexibility allows them to be in constant contact with the skin surface, providing lubrication before and after the blades touch the skin to enable a comfortable, smooth glide with each stroke. About Gillette Venus ComfortGlide range: The Gillette Venus ComfortGlide collection offers both three- and five-blade razors, two of which combine Gillette Venus’ expertise in hair removal with the advanced skincare experience of Olay: Gillette Venus ComfortGlide with Olay and Venus ComfortGlide with Olay Sugarberry 5 curve-hugging blades surrounded by self-lathering, flexible moisture bars to give an unbelievably close shave, revealing lush, soft skin Skin Conditioners such as body butter, glycerin and petrolatum Available with Olay and with Olay Sugarberry Gillette Venus ComfortGlide Freesia, White Tea and Vanilla Crème 3 curve-hugging blades surrounded by self-lathering, flexible moisture bars for a close shave, revealing smooth skin Body butter from avocados, olives and kokum fruit Translucent handle designed with an enhanced gripping surface with a comfortable, curvy design for outstanding control and easy handling in a shower setting Available in a variety of indulgent scents including Freesia, White Tea and Vanilla Crème The Gillette Venus ComfortGlide razors are available at national food, drug, mass merchandise stores, and online retailers. The suggested retail price of the Gillette Venus ComfortGlide shaving system, which includes 1 razor + 2 blade refills is approximately $8.99-$14.99 MSRP. The suggested retail price of a four-pack of blade refills is approximately $14.99-$23.49 MSRP. Please Note: Pricing is at the sole discretion of the retailers. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit www.us.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. *Versus other razors with built-in soap bars **Survey Methodology: The Gillette Venus Survey was conducted in October 2016 by Research Now (www.researchnow.com) among 6,500 women ages 18-35 drawn from opt-in panels in each of the following countries via online survey: Canada, France, Germany, Russia, U.K. and U.S. Contacts Venus/P&G Beauty My Anh Nghiem nghiem.m@pg.com or Marina Maher Communications Claudette Sariya csariya@hellommc.com Release Summary Gillette Venus ComfortGlide are the only razors with flexible moisture bars to glide seamlessly along every curve Contacts Venus/P&G Beauty My Anh Nghiem nghiem.m@pg.com or Marina Maher Communications Claudette Sariya csariya@hellommc.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One NFL Contact Us Privacy Policy Free Trial Consulting IR EB5 CrowdFunding Contributors Marketing Metals Race Horse Syndication Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana The Deal Sheet Managed FX Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations By Paul Ebeling on March 22, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations $FB, $FCX, $MSI, $PG Daily HeffX-LTN reviews Wall Street analysts research reports to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some reports cover stocks to buy, and others cover stocks to sell or avoid. Below is a list of Wall Streets top analysts upgrades, downgrades and initiations for Wednesday, as follows: Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) was raised to Buy from Neutral with a $175 price target at BTIG. Facebook has a consensus analyst price target of 159.82 and a 52-wk trading range of 106.31 – 140.34. Freeport-McMoran Inc. (NYSE:FCX) was raised to Hold from Sell and the price target was raised to 14.00 from 12.50 at Deutsche Bank. Motorola Solutions Inc. (NYSE:MSI) analysts raised to Buy from Hold and the price target was raised to 100 from 75 at Jefferies. The firm feels that the LMR risk (LTE) is increasingly looking like a red herring and that Motorola’s consensus earnings expectations are too low. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) analysts started as Neutral with a 98 price target at JPMorgan in a broad-based neutral sector call on consumer products. Stay tuned…   analysts, buy, FB, FCX, hold, ideas, market, MSI, PG, price, sell, target, trade, trading Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations added by Paul Ebeling on March 22, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) France: Le Pen Demands Border Controls After London Terror Attack - March 23, 2017 Key Stock Indexes, Crude, Gold & Silver Markets Briefing - March 23, 2017 Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations - March 23, 2017 Related posts: Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Booking.com Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Asia Business Asset Management Consulting Contact Us Privacy Policy Contributors CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Free Trial IR Live Trading Room Managed FX Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana Race Horse Syndication The Deal Sheet Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
