WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's MFQ Hersh Cohen Shares His Top Dividend Picks The ClearBridge exec built a career on dividend stocks. Today he spots value in Merck and Schlumberger. By Reshma Kapadia Biography April 8, 2017 12:33 a.m. ET Harry “Hersh” Cohen unloaded Pepsi trucks in high school and invested his earnings in stocks. “The dividends were better than putting the money in a savings account,” he says. They still are, in many cases, as Cohen knows only too well from his perch at ClearBridge Investments, a Legg Mason affiliate, where he has built a reputation as... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. VIX Sends Warning Sign To the Stock Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. iPad or Surface? Consumers Make Surprising Choice Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Is the Time Finally Right for Wearable Tech? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Jenna Lyons Bags $1 Million J.Crew Separation Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Two Rails With Opportunity Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Excitement Over Shake Shack Fades 2 Barron's Buzz: Gold Is Glittering on Wall Street 3 March Jobs Report: Will Fed Eye Low Payrolls Number? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Samsung forecasts monster $8.7bn operating profit for Q1 Twitter sues Trump administration over freedom of speech Leaders’ Insights: Alan Calder, IT Governance Programmatic now accounts for one-third of digital display advertising Tesla now valued above Ford as present overtaken by future Return of the McAfee: Intel Security spun out as new $4.2bn business Be careful downloading torrents, your WordPress might get hacked 25 leading women breaking the CIO mould EU spooked by US moves to overhaul ISP privacy How much data does your car collect? More than you think Google brought to Irish court over copyright infringement claims Ireland’s cloud boom: Market on track to surpass €500m in annual revenues US-South Korea live hologram call via 5G is a world first Eir strikes deal to connect 300,000 rural homes with fibre broadband Enet to light up 10 regional Irish towns with fibre in €5m investment No signal: Internet and TV licence debate is flawed Extreme snaps up Brocade’s data centre networking business Enet pumps £175,000 into Northern Ireland telecoms infrastructure London-based fintech firm Meniga raises €7.5m in latest round Stripe’s Atlas now makes it easier for US entrepreneurs to start-up Start-up Advice: Anne Connolly, Ireland Smart Ageing Exchange EU Parliament agrees to boost liquidity for start-ups, with €6bn for job growth SaaStock raises cash from European investors, including Ireland’s Tribal.vc Countdown on for start-ups to secure NDRC investment of up to €100,000 ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Emphysema and fruit fly talks win at UCD Engage Four candidates for Planet Nine found in our solar system Maynooth University makes the top 50 in latest young university rankings NASA spacecraft starts its final dives towards Saturn ‘Brexit 1.0’: 450,000 years ago, Britain was physically torn from Europe Snake sex orgies knock years off males’ lives as females thrive AMBER researchers find way to print electronics in 2D with graphene New, tiny manta ray robots could one day hunt lakes for pollution GM’s robot production line has its head in the cloud New autonomous bus to take first passengers through London Could VR be used to battle brain diseases? Graphene sieve that turns seawater into drinking water could be a game-changer How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Maker Project will boost the STEM skills of thousands of Irish youths Could the future of work include a basic income? How to find a new job, and find the right person to fill one How to solve the ageism problem in the tech sector Code Institute and IBAT join forces with coding courses Tech apprenticeships could be the answer to the skills shortage How to make your recruitment process more fun and attract top talent How do you retain top talent? By upskilling them ‘Every day, there is a new challenge as the tech ecosystem evolves around us’ How can the most successful people help you become a better entrepreneur? How to make sure your company really has diversity How to quit your job with no backup plan Game giant Brenda Romero to receive BAFTA for stunning career ‘Seeing the science evolve from concept to reality is the best part of research’ MSD thinks beyond business to make a positive impact What is it like working on the chatbot platforms of the future? Deep learning is about more than AI – it has unified research MSD chemical engineer: ‘Soft skills are key to what I do every day’ 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Fintech firm FundRock opens up Dublin office, hiring underway Each robot in the workforce could cost labour market 5.6 jobs Six companies have announced 60 jobs in boost for Cork Financial trading powerhouse Citadel Securities to create 35 jobs in Dublin Version 1 to create 365 jobs in Dublin in major expansion An ability to build strong client relationships is vital at PwC ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Twitter Lite is the new 1MB web service for the developing world Humans on the frontline as Facebook attempts to tackle revenge porn Adorable ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ named Irish Doodle 4 Google winner Twitter is ditching the egg avatar to shed troll image Twitter will now stop replies hogging your 140-character limit Holidaymakers, rejoice! Passport renewal will soon be offered online Apple to release new iMac this year, Mac Pro in 2018 Android smashes Windows and the rest is history Samsung confirms release date and specs for Galaxy S8 Apple rolls out iOS 10.3 and watchOS 3.2 updates, plus Night Shift for Mac Apple brings out Product (RED) edition iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones Where did I park my car? Google Maps will soon tell all Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Twitch reveals Pulse, a Twitter-like social network for gamers Is preloaded content on phones the new way to enjoy movies? Take a tour of Earth in this amazing Google Maps hyperlapse ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas ALL Dropbox: Seeking those who can embrace ‘We, not I’ Talking design thinking with Lesley Tully, Bank of Ireland Looking for a job? Qualtrics is currently hiring in Dublin Want an internship that’s about more than coffee? Do you have what it takes to be an engineer in IoT? IBM Watson and AI are key players in the cybersecurity game of wits ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT ENTERPRISE 25 leading women breaking the CIO mould 2 hours ago1 Share The CIO role is typically dominated by men, but there are plenty of remarkable women at the top of this profession. Image: 55Ohms/Shutterstock There are 25 women on this industry-spanning list of CIOs. That’s 10 more than the percentage found in all Fortune 500 companies. Last year, a Korn Ferry Institute study of the largest companies in the US found that only 24pc of those in C-suite roles were women. When it came to the role of chief information officer (CIO), that number dropped to 19pc. “Having gender equality in the CIO role is already top of mind for CEOs and boards. We expect this focus to continue for years to come as the CIO creates greater strategic impact across organisations,” said Craig Stephenson from Korn Ferry when this data was released. Image: Korn Ferry Institute Singling out Fortune 500 companies, Boardoom Insiders found an even smaller female CIO headcount of 15pc as of November 2016. However, the top 100 of these companies manage to hit 20pc, which aligns with other research indicating that companies with gender-diverse leadership prove to be more profitable. These studies and more like them have ensured more focus is being paid to closing the gender gap in business leadership, putting diversity on the boardroom agenda. And so, because representation matters in the battle for gender diversity in tech, we have drawn up this long list of women CIOs (plus a handful of exceptions in CIO-adjacent roles who continue to influence in this space). We found CIOs with interesting stories, spanning a broad spectrum of industry in this technical role. Many are directing IT strategy at world-famous brands and Fortune 500 companies and, with decades upon decades of experience between them, have served as pioneers for women in tech. Pam Parisian As CIO of AT&T Services, Tennessee native Pam Parisian is one of a select few female CIOs at Fortune 500 companies. Parisian’s standing in the tech industry is such that she was inducted into the Women in Technology hall of fame in 2015. In recent years, she has been entrusted to lead AT&T’s integration of DirecTV, which was acquired in 2015. The initial effort involved more than 3,300 IT people and 2m hours of code. Linda Clement-Holmes Linda Clement-Holmes. Image: Linda Clement-Holmes/LinkedIn Linda Clement-Holmes is CIO of P&G, having assumed the role in October 2015. Originally joining the company in 1983, her previous roles at P&G have included chief diversity officer, SVP of global business services, and global information and decision solutions officer. A well-regarded leader, Clement-Holmes has been touted as a future CEO of the $65bn company. Sheila Jordan Sheila Jordan is CIO and SVP at cybersecurity company Symantec. With more than three years in the role to date, she currently oversees more than 600 IT employees. Jordan’s role has seen her work on the company’s two major acquisitions in the past few months – spending $4.6bn on Blue Coat and $2.3bn on LifeLock. A winner at the San Francisco CIO of the Year Awards in 2015, Jordan recently explained her role as that of integrating these two businesses into Symantec’s operation. Marcy Klevorn Marcy Klevorn, CIO, Ford. Image: Ford Named CIO of Ford in 2015, Marcy Klevorn originally started out in marketing with AT&T after earning a business degree from University of Michigan. She retrained in computer science and shifted towards Ford and, often thanking her lack of a technologist path, excelled. Klevorn recently spoke of her interest in the people side of work, claiming that interpersonal skills are as important as technical ability. She is also an advocate of encouraging more women into the tech industry. Aarti Shah Aarti Shah, senior VP and CIO, Eli Lilly. Still from ‘Employers Discuss The Demand For Statisticians’. Image: This Is Statistics/YouTube Having joined Eli Lilly in 1994 as a senior statistician, Aarti Shah rose up the ranks to her appointment as senior vice-president and CIO in 2016. Prior to her current role, she served a three-year stint as Eli Lilly’s global brand development leader for immunology. Now, she leads an IT organisation of 1,300 employees. In 2011, Shah received the Rising Star Award from Healthcare Businesswoman’s Association for her contribution to the sector. Paula Tolliver Paula Tolliver, corporate VP and CIO, Intel. Image: Intel In an effort to recruit top talent from outside its own company, Intel hired former Dow Chemical corporate VP and CIO, Paula Tolliver, to succeed Kim Stevenson as CIO in August of last year. Over the past 20 years, Tolliver has become well known for her understanding of cybersecurity, having led Dow Chemical’s $1bn services business. Kim Stevenson Senior VP and general manager of Lenovo’s data centre infrastructure, Kim Stevenson. Image: Kim Stevenson/Twitter Kim Stevenson has risen to become one of the biggest names in the data centre business having recently been confirmed as the new senior VP and general manager of Lenovo’s data centre infrastructure. Stevenson spent the previous seven-and-a-half years at Intel where she was not only CIO, but also COO of its rapidly growing IoT and System Architecture Group, and was credited with earning $351m for the company in 2015. Sharon Cooper The BMJ CDO, Sharon Cooper. Image: The BMJ According to CIO Magazine, there are only two CIOs in the UK ranking higher than Sharon Cooper at The BMJ (originally known as the British Medical Journal). In her role as chief digital officer at the renowned medical journal, Cooper is transitioning the traditional publishing business into the digital age, particularly within new cloud technology. Cooper was also named as a finalist for a Digital Leader of the Year award in this year’s Women in IT Awards. Diana McKenzie Diana McKenzie, SVP and CIO, Workday. Image: Workday Workday SVP Diana McKenzie is the first ever CIO of the software solutions company, appointed in early 2016. With a background in information systems roles, McKenzie held the CIO position at pharma firm Amgen before joining Workday. Responsible for development of the company’s products, technologies and computer programs, McKenzie is focused on developing best practice for global information services organisations. She is a regular fixture on the Workday blog, offering her take on business transformation. Jane Moran Jane Moran, global CIO, Unilever. Image: Unilever Jane Moran has been global CIO at Unilever since June 2014, moving to the consumer goods company after her global CIO role at Thomson Reuters. Having begun her career in venture capital, she soon discovered a passion for IT, which put her on the CIO track. Overseeing development of emerging technologies and day-to-day tech development at Unilever, Moran sees herself as a foundation builder, enabling her colleagues to deploy the latest technologies. Sarah Wilkinson Home Office CIO Sarah Wilkinson. Still from ‘O2 and Wayra Event – How digital start-ups can help the public sector do more for their citizens’. Image: 02ukbusiness/YouTube Upon her appointment as CIO for the Home Office in the UK government in 2015, CIO Magazine described Sarah Wilkinson as having “ushered in an era of major transformation”. Under her command, the Home Office has delivered several new systems including biometric residency permits and counter-terrorism capabilities. She has also reinvigorated the government’s e-Borders programme for travel and immigration, expected to come into force in 2019 after eight years of delays. Cynthia Stoddard Cynthia Stoddard, Adobe CIO and SVP. Image: Adobe Appointed as CIO and SVP of Adobe in June 2016, Cynthia Stoddard came to the role from the same position at data storage and management firm NetApp. She has more than 25 years in the industry, incorporating a number of IT and technical leadership roles. At Adobe, Stoddard leads the strategy, development and deployment of scalable technology and business infrastructure for the cloud platform business. She also has responsibility for global strategy to support customer experience. Fumbi Chima Fumbi Chima, CIO, Burberry. Image: SAPPHIRE NOW/YouTube Based in London, Fumbi Chima has been the CIO of Burberry for more than a year. She is also a board member of global affairs media network Diplomatic Courier. Chima made the move to Burberry after more than five years at Walmart in various roles, most recently as CIO for Walmart Asia. Chima is also passionate about women in STEM and was included in the 2014 Hall of Fame for STEM. Barbara Koster Barbara Koster, CIO of Prudential Financial Inc. Image: irishamerica.com Barbara Koster is senior vice-president and CIO of Prudential Financial Inc, parent company to Pramerica. She has been in her CIO position for the past 13 years and was made SVP in 2011. As head of the company’s global business and technology solutions department, Koster has oversight responsibility for cybersecurity, technology governance, architecture and standards at Prudential locations worldwide. She also leads Prudential’s office of Veteran Initiatives, a programme that helps veterans transition from military to civilian life. Susan O’Day Susan O’Day EVP and CIO, Disney. Image: dentsu-ho.com After more than 10 years as CIO at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Susan O’Day became executive vice-president and CIO of The Walt Disney Corporation in 2008 and has been there ever since. In 2016, she won the Eunice Kennedy Shriver Award from Special Olympics Florida due to her fundraising efforts and work for intellectual disability inclusion. Sigal Zarmi Sigal Zarmi, global CIO, PwC. Image: PwC Based in New York, Sigal Zarmi became CIO of the PwC network in January 2015. Before joining PwC, she was CIO at GE Capital and spent 17 years in a number of leadership roles, managing different aspects of operations, technology and data services at the company. In March 2017, Zarmi was honoured in Computerworld’s Premier 100 Technology Leadership Awards. Sabine Everaet Sabine Everaet, CIO, Coca-Cola. Image: cionet.com With more than 20 years’ experience with Coca-Cola, Sabine Everaet is the group CIO for EMEA and western Europe. Based in Brussels, she was named Belgian CIO of the Year in 2011. She also chairs the Coca-Cola European Women Leadership Council and is active in a number of networks to advance women in IT. Prior to her time in Coca-Cola, Everaet worked as a consultant at PwC and KPMG. Sheila Doyle Sheila Doyle, CIO, Deloitte UK. Image: Sheila Doyle/LinkedIn Sheila Doyle was appointed CIO of Deloitte UK in December 2015, moving into the role from the global CIO position at Norton Rose Fulbright law firm. She has held senior IT leadership roles at BP and Royal Mail, and was a senior consultant at Gartner. Leading a department of 300, Doyle’s focus is on delivering customer-facing solutions and developing technology that can bolster digital innovation. Michelle McKenna-Doyle Michelle McKenna-Doyle, CIO, NFL. Image: NFL SVP and CIO of the NFL, Michelle McKenna-Doyle is responsible for the American football league’s tech strategy and shared service delivery, and manages its corporate technology activities. McKenna-Doyle took up the role in 2012. She previously held CIO positions at Universal Orlando Resort and Constellation Energy, and was VP of information technology for Disney prior to that. Madalina Suceveanu Madalina Suceveanu, CTO, Vodafone Ireland. Image: Vodafone Ireland Madalina Suceveanu oversees Vodafone’s ambitious network roll-out, which includes a next-generation 4G network, a major fibre joint venture with ESB and a €500m investment plan over the next three years. Suceveanu recently achieved a new benchmark of 1Gbps broadband speeds on Vodafone’s mobile network. She joined Orange Romania in 1997 as an expert in network planning. In 2011, she became the first woman to manage the technology department at France Telecom. Micheline Casey Micheline Casey. Image: TEDx Menlo Park Women Micheline Casey is a data consultant and most recently served as the first-ever chief data officer (CDO) for the Federal Reserve Board – the central bank of the United States – and the first CDO for a state government in the US. An internationally recognised expert in using data for critical, data-driven decisions, Casey has been honoured several times, including being featured in DC’s Top 50 Women in Technology and Top 25 Information Managers from Information Management magazine. Kathy McElligott Kathy McElligott, CIO and CTO of McKesson. Image: McKesson Kathy McElligott is both CIO and CTO of McKesson Corporation, one of the largest healthcare companies in the world with revenues of $189bn a year. As CIO, she is responsible for all technology initiatives and as CTO, she guides the overall technology direction for the company’s products. Prior to McKesson, McElligott was CIO of Emerson. She previously spent 22 years with General Electric, ultimately becoming CIO of supply chain for GE Aircraft Engines. Maya Leibman American Airlines CIO Maya Leibman. Image: American Airlines Berkeley graduate Maya Leibman is one of America’s most pivotal CIOs with responsibility for all IT systems at American Airlines. In her role, she is responsible for all IT systems, including systems development, infrastructure, operations and strategy, and is a champion of the airline’s Living Green group focused on reducing its carbon footprint. Prior to her role as CIO, Leibman was president of the AAdvantage loyalty programme and led CRM and customer research initiatives for the airline worldwide. Denise Clark Denise Clark, Estée Lauder CIO. Image: SAP/YouTube As CIO at Estée Lauder, Denise Clark is responsible for the systems of a $9bn global business. Prior to joining Estée Lauder, Clark was an accomplished CIO and led the IT operations of major consumer brands including Hasbro and Mattel. She also served as chair of the National AIDS fund in the US. Before entering the business world, Clark was a commissioned officer in the US navy and completed her MBA through Apple Computer’s master’s programme with Stanford University. Rachel Dunscombe Rachel Dunscombe, CIO, Salford Royal NHS Foundation. Image: Rachel Dunscombe/LinkedIn Rachel Dunscombe has been CIO of Salford Royal NHS Foundation Trust for one year, pairing it with a similar role at the Salford Royal Group. She recently accepted an award after her hospital was named the most digitally mature organisation in the NHS. In March, Dunscombe revealed her hospital’s plans to upload patient-generated wearable data to its electronic patient record, considered a pioneering approach to healthcare. Want stories like this and more direct to your inbox? Sign up for Tech Trends, Silicon Republic’s weekly digest of need-to-know tech news. Related: Symantec, PwC, CIO, leadership, Intel, diversity, Vodafone, Deloitte, IT managers You May Also Like You May Also Like Machines Ireland of Things: 50 key players in Ireland’s IoT ecosystem 20 Mar 20171149 Shares Hiring Now Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Be part of a globally successful team Excellence in research for innovation and analytics Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Companies Will the titans of tech allow themselves to be Trump’s pawns? 15 Dec 201614 Shares Jobs What are the top sci-tech and pharma companies looking for? 11 Mar 201744 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Enterprise CIOs need to invest, rethink and be way more adaptive 21 Feb 2017124 Shares Companies 25 Irish leaders who are top of the sci-tech world 12 Dec 20161655 Shares Enterprise Cybercrime is a top risk identified by CFOs for 2017 14 Dec 201680 Shares Latest News London-based fintech firm Meniga raises €7.5m in latest round 36 minutes ago AMBER researchers find way to print electronics in 2D with graphene 41 minutes ago Emphysema and fruit fly talks win at UCD Engage 1 hour ago Be careful downloading torrents, your WordPress might get hacked 2 hours ago 25 leading women breaking the CIO mould 2 hours ago Samsung forecasts monster $8.7bn operating profit for Q1 2 hours ago Maker Project will boost the STEM skills of thousands of Irish youths 2 hours ago Fintech firm FundRock opens up Dublin office, hiring underway 3 hours ago Twitter sues Trump administration over freedom of speech 3 hours ago ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 3 hours ago Stripe’s Atlas now makes it easier for US entrepreneurs to start-up 16 hours ago EU spooked by US moves to overhaul ISP privacy 18 hours ago New, tiny manta ray robots could one day hunt lakes for pollution 19 hours ago Start-up Advice: Anne Connolly, Ireland Smart Ageing Exchange 21 hours ago How much data does your car collect? More than you think 21 hours ago Each robot in the workforce could cost labour market 5.6 jobs 22 hours ago Google brought to Irish court over copyright infringement claims 23 hours ago Six companies have announced 60 jobs in boost for Cork 23 hours ago Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV 1 day ago Twitter Lite is the new 1MB web service for the developing world 1 day ago Leaders’ Insights: Alan Calder, IT Governance 1 day ago Ireland’s cloud boom: Market on track to surpass €500m in annual revenues 1 day ago Four candidates for Planet Nine found in our solar system 1 day ago Financial trading powerhouse Citadel Securities to create 35 jobs in Dublin 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Menu Television TV Shows Animation Awards Thriller Talent Reality Mythological Documentary Crime Comedy Drama Series Factual Food Fiction TV Channels Regional People News Broadcasting Specialised and Niche Sports Viewership Terrestrial Music and Youth Movie Channels English Entertainment Kids GECs Factual & Documentary Production House TV Commercial Post Production Online Content Non-Fiction Film Production Documentary Fiction Cable TV People Local Cable Operators DAS Multi System Operators DTH DTH Operator DTH Services People Regulators People I&B Ministry High Court Supreme Court TDSAT TRAI MAM Marketing Brands Above The Line MAM Below The Line Media and Advertising Sponsorship Ad Campaigns AD Agencies Account Event Agencies Digital Agencies Out Of Home People Media Agencies Satellites Insurance Satellite Launches Satellite Operators Teleports iWorld Video On Demand Telecom Broadband Social Media Pay-Per-View e-commerce eNews Over The Top Services IPTV Gaming Movies Short Films Regional Movies On Mutiple Platforms Documentary Hindi Hollywood International Independent Box Populi Technology ces Hardware Headend Equipment Set-top Boxes Uplinking & Downlinking Distribution Components Software Firmware Middleware Applications Resources Education insitutes Education Channels forums History Producers Media agencies Legal and Policies Jobs Cable TV MSOs Address Book Ad sales agents Ad agencies Satelite Reckoner Shooting floors TRAI Technology suppliers Studios DTH Specials Event Coverage IBC2016 VidNet ASIA TV FORUM Content Hub Ficci Frames Ficci Frames Filmart Golden Globe Awards ICC WORLD CUP IDOS Mipcom Miptv MixRadio Music Connects News Television Summit Occasions Budget Budget 2000 Budget 2001 Budget 2002 Budget 2005 Budget 2014 Budget 2015 Budget 2016 Budget 2017 Year Enders Our events MAM Goafest 2017: Change is possible when one takes risks, says Patanjali’s Balkrishna 07 Apr, 2017 - 08:23 AM IST     |     By Sonam Saini     GOA: Who would have thought that in the advertising and marketing world of suited-booted  and/or casual linen chic people, a simple robe clad guy would turn out to be dude? Well, who would have wagered a few years back that Patanjali would be a starred speaker at India’s annual advertising, media and marketing convention and have a houseful of corporate execs hanging on to every word, some of which were spoken in chaste Hindi? Desh badal raha hai (or, the country is changing), after all, in ways that the countrymen and women are still grappling to come to terms with. "The nation is ours, the children are ours, life is ours. We must take care of it ourselves. Always remember, for the world, India is just a market place (but) for us it’s our home. Change is possible only when one is willing to take risks,” Patanjali Ayurveda CEO Acharya Balkrishna said with a straight face, but with a confidence that comes from the realisation that some of the top global FMCG companies were feeling the heat of Patanjali’s unrelenting advertising and marketing blitz. The oozing confidence found other outlets too. Without giving a second thought, Balkrishna took on a competitor. “ Patanjali set up a factory in Tejpur in Uttar Pradesh where Dabur too was setting up its factory. In 120 days, Patanjali built up the factory with same workers who were (earlier) working for Dabur,” said the Nepal-born Balkrishna, regarded as the No. 2 in the Patanjali group hierarchy, just next to its yoga guru founder-turned-entrepreneur Baba Ramdev. In the FMCG space, some of the Patanjali Ayurveda products that have eaten into the market share of established global and Indian companies include Dant Kanti (toothpaste), atta or flour noodles, multi-grain and plain flour for rotis or Indian bread and Kesh Kanti (hair oil), apart from other categories where Patanjali products are giving a tough competition to the likes of Dabur, ITC, P&G Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever India. “Patanjali Ayurved has turned out to be the most disruptive force in the Indian FMCG market...it witnessed a whopping annual growth of 146 per cent in fiscal year 2016 grossing a turnover of US$769 million, whereas its peers, including ITC, Dabur, Hindustan Unilever, Colgate–Palmolive and Procter & Gamble struggled to get a growth much less than double digit,” an Assocham-TechSci research report has stated. So, what’s the secret of Patanjali in a country that had been dominated by established FMCG players, especially as its founder Ramdev’s antecedents have been questioned at various times? Pointing out that the Haridwar-based company doesn’t  follow any marketing strategy, depending more on “product quality” to attract consumers, Balkrishna played with a straight bat on the opening day of Goafest 2017 yesterday: “Treat your customers as your family members and everything (else) will fall into place. We want to change the impression that made-in-India products are not of good quality.” If some of these home grown homilies were not enough to rub it in to much-experienced global players, Balkrishna told the audience at Goafest that "duniya ke liye Hindustan ek bazaar ho sakta hai, humare liye Hindustan humara ghar hai" (for the world, India may be a bazaar, but, for us, it's our home) and change was possible only when one was willing to take risks. Hmm! Hang on, there was more for those willing to listen and the numbers were astounding. “Toothpaste is meant to clean teeth, but nowadays ads say you can get a girlfriend using the right (tooth) paste,” Balkrishna said with his tongue firmly in cheek, adding, “humare liye humari maryada sabse badhkar hai, sales na ho toh bhi thik hai" (for us, self-respect and respect for our culture is paramount, and not sales of products). However, Balkrishna did not wander into controversial areas where ASCI, in the past, has hauled up Patanjali for misleading advertising or the court cases against it or filed by the company itself relating to product advertsing and claims. A fitting tribute to Patanjali’s efforts also came from a competitor. “'Patanjali has shown us marketing methods we never knew," graciously admitted ITC's divisional CEO - foods business Hemant Malik, while speaking at another time of the day. As a parting shot to urban India -- many of whose representatives were at Goa -- Patanjali’s Balkrsihna told the gathering that Indians "should eat according to the six seasons because our body changes in every season” as do its requirements. “The problem in India is that people in rural (areas) are healthy, but people in metros have nutritional deficiency,” Balkrishna  explained. Other speakers for the opening day included Mobikwik co-founder and director Upasana Taku and ITC’s Malik. According to Malik, “Communication is the not the only pillar for branding”  as there are brands such as Facebook, Amazon and Google that have changed the world. “It's all about the product differentiation. We are the only carbon-positive company in the world,” Malik spoke about the shift from hierarchical collectivist culture to individualistic. After being hit by currency demonetisation, where everybody was struggling with liquidity crunches, the mobile payment companies were the one making profit, according to Mobikwik’s Taku, who added, “Humbling and the most fortunate event of 2016  is demonetisation. We have the fortune to have been able to transform India into digital. Mobikwik has 55 million users and 1.4 million retailers in India.” Taku highlighted some points. In last 10-20 years, telecom has changed in India in a big way. “Till now 14 per cent of cashless transaction has been done in India post-demonetisation, which will go grow to 30 per cent by the end of 2017 and it will grow 30- 40 per cent in two years. I truly believe it’s the era of mobile wallets, and won’t deny that demonetisation has sped up the journey,” she explained.    ALSO READ: Goafest 2017: Mindshare & Maxus win big, Dainik Jagran leads publisher category tags Goafest 2017Patanjali AyurvedaAcharya BalkrishnaBaba RamdevMobikwikITC CorpDabur IndiaASCIAmazonGoogleApple Trending Javed Akhtar revamped IPRS's new chairman TRAI urges govt. to use digital TV networks for b'band growth Govt. again rules out IMC reconstitution, says checks adequate Cinema is a powerful medium of communication: Naidu IPL: Kansai Nerolac partners Sunrisers Hyderabad   Latest Reads Goafest 2017: Carat chief strategist observes data's great tool, but gut feeling critical GOA: As the upside-down slide indicated and exhorted -- “see things differently” -- Carat global chief strategy officer Sanjay Nazeralli, on Friday, went on to explain why it was important so, and to also focus on the changing perspective, setting the tone for the day. MAM Marketing MAM 08 Apr, 2017 Amrapali is Baahubali 2: The Conclusion's jewellery designer MUMBAI: Amrapali is now the official jewellery designer for Baahubali 2: The Conclusion. MAM Marketing Brands 08 Apr, 2017 92.7 Big FM ropes in Sehwag, Ayaz & RJ Abhimanyu MUMBAI: 92.7 Big FM is known to provide thematic content during the 20-20 cricket match series, thereby becoming the most popular radio destination during the cricket extravaganza. MAM Marketing Brands 08 Apr, 2017 Creative Abby Awards 2017: Star Plus & Colors win a gold each in broadcaster category The 12th edition of the annual marketing and advertising community Goafest on Friday announced the winners of Creative ABBY Awards 2017. MAM Marketing MAM 07 Apr, 2017 Ad Club announces another property 'Marquees' awards Having given to the industry marquee properties like the EMVIES, EFFIES and ABBY’s, The Advertising Club that has been a catalyst in developing the industry and a leading ideas exchange platform has announced another annual property ‘Marquees’ addressing the needs of marketeers who form a large... MAM Marketing MAM 07 Apr, 2017 World Media Awards: Maxus India recognised for Tata campaign, wins gold in 'automotive' Maxus, a part of GroupM, has bagged Grand Prix at the World Media Awards 2017 for their campaign “From Zica to Tiago” for Tata Motors. The campaign also won the Gold in Automotive category for the campaign. MAM Marketing Brands 07 Apr, 2017 World Health Day: Tata Sky celebrates 'happy way of life' Tata Sky is celebrating World Health Day with its ongoing services that help people towards a healthy and happy life. MAM Marketing Brands 07 Apr, 2017 IPL: Officer's Choice Blue teams up with Sunrisers Hyderabad Officer’s Choice Blue, from Allied Blenders and Distillers, is all set to join the IPL bandwagon once again. While this is the second year of the brand’s association with Mumbai Indians and Delhi Daredevils, it will be a debut with Sunrisers Hyderabad. MAM Marketing Brands 07 Apr, 2017 Sony YAY! signs Tiger Shroff as brand ambassador MUMBAI: Sony YAY!, the soon-to-be-launched kids’ entertainment channel from Sony Pictures Network, has roped in the country's newest heartthrob Tiger Shroff as the brand ambassador and face of the channel. This would be the debut television association of the young star whose popularity amongst... MAM Marketing Brands 07 Apr, 2017 Gallery The content Paradigm 25 Aug, 2016 The Customer: Vidnet 2016 25 Aug, 2016 Proud winners at the NT Awards 2016 04 Jul, 2016 A night to remember: NT AWARDS 2016 - Part 2 30 Jun, 2016   Latest News Load More Subscribe Newsletter TVLinx | ADLinx | Archive What to Read Next Govt's digital channel to tell 'India story', Rs 75 cr investment planned MUMBAI: The Modi government is reportedly planning to launch a digital platform which will report on international news to a global digital audience with an India perspective. It will “challenge the anti-India narrative" and present “India's perspective on global events." Regulators I&B Ministry 08 Apr, 2017 NICK & Motu-Patlu films most watched kids channel & programme in BARC week 13 Television TV Channels Viewership 08 Apr, 2017 Goafest 2017: Carat chief strategist observes data's great tool, but gut feeling critical MAM Marketing MAM 08 Apr, 2017 Amrapali is Baahubali 2: The Conclusion's jewellery designer MAM Marketing Brands 08 Apr, 2017 92.7 Big FM ropes in Sehwag, Ayaz & RJ Abhimanyu MAM Marketing Brands 08 Apr, 2017 Editor's Choice Govt's digital channel to tell 'India story', Rs 75 cr investment planned I&B Ministry 08 Apr, 2017 NICK & Motu-Patlu films most watched kids channel & programme in BARC week 13 Viewership 08 Apr, 2017 Goafest 2017: Carat chief strategist observes data's great tool, but gut feeling critical MAM 08 Apr, 2017 Amrapali is Baahubali 2: The Conclusion's jewellery designer Brands 08 Apr, 2017 92.7 Big FM ropes in Sehwag, Ayaz & RJ Abhimanyu Brands 08 Apr, 2017 Articles By Category News Headline Executive Dossier Comment Special Report Research Case Study Genre Primer Financials Reviews Events Promos & Campaigns Press Release Sign up for our Newsletter subscribe for latest stories Facebook Twitter YouTube Linkedin RSS Television Cable TV DTH Regulators MAM Satellites iWorld Movies Technology Resources Specials Our events About Privacy Disclaimer Advertise Contact Us 2017 @ Copyright Indiantelevision Dot Com Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
null
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI Guest How Olay uses deep learning to personalize skin care Adelyn Zhou, Topbots@adelynzhou April 7, 2017 2:10 PM Tags: beauty, commerce, data, deep learning, e commerce, olay, olay skin advisor, P&G, Procter & Gamble, product, recommendations, retail Image Credit: Daxiao Productions The beauty and skincare world is oversaturated, especially if you include all the affordable convenience store brands. If you’re a shopper with a budget, you are likely mixing different products and blindly guessing which combinations will work — like a chemist without a periodic table. AI technology has already revolutionized transportation, food, and even health. Why not also beauty and retail? Olay, a well-known drugstore brand, created an AI to analyze your skin from your selfies and tell you which beauty products to buy. Above: The Olay Skin Advisor asks users to snap a selfie, then analyzes the photo to produce personalized skincare advice. “What we’ve noticed through the last couple of years is that skincare is a very high engagement category, and it’s become one of the most confusing and least fun-to-shop categories as well,” said Dr. Frauke Neuser, principal scientist at Procter & Gamble, which owns the Olay brand. “About a third of women walk out of the store without having found that right product for her.” Analysis paralysis from the plethora of drugstore options leads women to resort to department stores where they can have consultations. But these consultations can also feel like overly aggressive ways to sell you products you don’t really want or need. Olay packaged over 30 years of skin analysis and imaging expertise into the Olay Skin Advisor, a mobile experience for empowering consumer choices. How Olay developed its algorithms Twenty years ago, Olay developed a hardware tool for skin analytics called the Visia Imaging System. Visia took controlled facial images of users in different lighting conditions and tracked skin conditions such as wrinkles, pores, and textures. Dermatologists took Visia on road shows to analyze how customers’ skin compared to others of their age. Such inventions enabled Olay to collect a massive proprietary database of face and skin images from a wide variety of ethnic and demographic backgrounds. Photographic characteristics such as lighting, quality, and shot angles were also diverse. Two different teams — the bioinformatics group and the image analysis experts — collaborated to develop and apply in-house deep learning algorithms to over 50,000 images to determine how skin changes over time and the impact of various products. Eric Gruen, P&G’s associate marketing director, emphasizes that the Olay Skin Advisor is not a downloadable mobile app, but rather a widely accessible web experience that consumers can connect to through mobile browsers. The AI-powered advisor has been used over 1.2 million times and consistently attracts 5,000 to 7,000 users every day. The Olay Skin Advisor team tested a number of designs for the product to create the best user experience. Psychologically, users feel advice is more trustworthy when personalized. To gather the right information from each user, the Skin Advisor asks a number of questions, such as “What is your age?,” to factor into recommendations. After testing between 4 and 19 questions, the ideal number turned out to be 9. Just like a human beauty consultant, the Skin Advisor also considers a woman’s desired skincare regimen and special requirements. Above: Users prefer personalized recommendations, so Olay Skin Advisor asks 9 questions to learn more about its customers. Today’s beauty shopper no longer needs to rely on guesswork, googling, and dumb luck to find the right products for their personal needs. With the promise of AI, even simple decisions such as your drugstore purchases can be guided by thousands of data points and smart algorithms. This story originally appeared on Www.topbots.com. Copyright 2017 ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Hipster razor brands shaving profits off Gillette Last week, Gillette began across-the-board price cuts averaging 12 per cent in an attempt to halt the inexorable surrender of men’s razor business to newcomers. Last week, Gillette began across-the-board price cuts averaging 12 per cent in an attempt to halt the inexorable surrender of its men’s razor business to much less expensive newcomers.  (Dreamstime)   By Thomas HeathThe Washington Post Fri., April 7, 2017 The razor business is all about the blades. Get consumers hooked on your razor, and they buy the highly profitable refill blades forever. That seemingly indestructible, high-margin revenue stream is what made Warren Buffett once fall in love with Gillette, which dominates the global razor business with an estimated 50 per cent market share. Buffett became one of its largest shareholders and added to his humongous fortune when the razor king was sold to Procter & Gamble for $57 billion in 2005. But Gillette’s dominance is now at risk, with lower-priced, private-label upstarts like Dollar Shave Club and Harry’s eroding market share that Gillette built over more than a century.a Last week, Gillette began across-the-board price cuts averaging 12 per cent in an attempt to halt the inexorable surrender of its men’s razor business to the newcomers. The Boston-based company, now a division of P&G, has seen its market share drop from 70 per cent in 2010 to 54 per cent in 2016. Article Continued Below Barclays analyst Lauren Lieberman said Gillette’s moves are too late. “We are not assuming that there’s any material change in the long-term trajectory of the Gillette business as a result of these cuts,” Lieberman said in an interview Wednesday. “There is something about Dollar Shave and Harry’s . . . we are in a consumer environment where people like feeling they are making a differentiated personalized choice. Small and niche is in vogue.” Gillette said Wednesday its price offensive is hitting every part of its portfolio “as we speak.” “We want to be available at all price points that men are looking for and give them the best shaving experience in that category, regardless of what they want to spend,” Gillette spokesperson Barbara Diecker said. Diecker said refill blades for the Gillette Fusion, for example, will drop from $4.99 to $3.74 per blade, a savings of about 25 per cent. The company is also recharging its longtime “18th Birthday Program” initiative, with a goal of putting a Gillette razor handle and cartridge blade against the cheek of every American male turning 18. Parent P&G has a strong relationship with Amazon.com, which also helps the company’s online sales, according to industry observers. “We are fully aware of the challenges we are facing as a North American business,” Diecker said. For decades, Gillette was focused on a trade-up model similar to how General Motors encouraged its customers to start with Chevrolet and eventually buy up to Cadillac. Gillette prided itself on every seven years or so inventing new — and pricier — razors that would offer an even better shave. “Gillette was the only game out there for high-quality shave,” Lieberman said. “The idea was if you were a (Gillette) Sensor user, when they launched Mach3, to get Sensors to trade up to Mach3. Then trade up from Mach3 to Fusion, an even better shave. “That business model was always in place.” Rival Schick disrupted Gillette’s cycle several years back with its own innovations such as the Quattro. Then along came the Dollar Shave Club, Harry’s and even smaller players such as 800razors.com. “This is not a new issue,” Lieberman said. She said Gillette realized they needed to emphasize lower price products, but they waited too long to launch them. “If I go back to 2012, they were already losing share and it was before the advent of the Dollar Shave Club.” The Wall Street Journal, in a report this week on Gillette’s price changes, said Gillette’s refill razors are $2 to $6 a cartridge when not in bulk, compared with $2 to $2.75 for Schick per cartridge. Dollar Shave Club’s cheapest refill razor cartridge is 20 cents. Publicly traded Edgewell Personal Care Company, began selling a compatible refill blade last year that fits Gillette’s Mach3 handle after the Mach3 patent expired. The refill is a fraction of the price Gillette charges. Phil Masiello, who founded 800razors.com and built its sales up to $2 million before selling it to ShaveMob last year, said Gillette’s strong online presence could help halt the erosion if it is able to be price-competitive with its rivals. “Gillette makes a great shave,” Masiello said. “Nobody has ever complained about the great shave of Gillette and Schick. People only complained about the price. You take the price difference out, all of a sudden they are back in the game.” Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 3°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs What the Jenner Pepsi ad, Nivea ad and Juno ‘joke’ have in common: Paradkar Three incidents in quick succession this week show that while some people open up to speak of their pain, others uncomfortable with having to change perspectives remain adamantly tone deaf. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Customers are leaving Gillette in droves — and now the company is taking drastic measures to stop the bleeding Dennis Green Apr. 7, 2017, 9:39 AM 7,976 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty/Justin Sullivan Gillette is increasingly feeling the threat from startups like Harry's and the now Unilever-owned Dollar Shave Club, which are eating away at its dominance in the global men's-razor business. Gillette claimed a US market share of 70% as recently as 2010, but it fell to 54% in 2016, according to the Wall Street Journal, which cited data-tracking firm Euromonitor.  Harry's and Dollar Shave Club now combine for a 12.2% market share, up from 7.2% in 2015, according to Euromonitor. Procter & Gamble told the WSJ that the loss is less drastic according to their internal numbers, however, Gillette is still taking substantial steps to staunch the bleeding. On April 1, Gillette reduced the prices on many of its shaving products for both men and women — some up to 20%. The average discount is around 12%, and many of the brand's flagship products, like the Gillette Fusion Cartridges (was $19.50, now $15) were discounted. Gillette also launched a large marketing campaign to lure back customers who have switched to other competitors, specifically targeting Harry's and Dollar Shave Club. The campaign is called "Welcome Back," complete with a full website and an infographic comparing Gillette's products to those offered by the two startups. "Not all blades are created equal," reads the headline. It also encourages customers to post their own reason why they "came back" to Gillette after trying other razors, claiming that over 200,000 customers already have. It cites data from 2013 and 2014 to back up its claim.  Gilette SEE ALSO: The retail apocalypse is killing fashion as we know it as a new dress code takes hold in America NOW WATCH: A hair scientist debunks the biggest myth about shaving Loading video... More: Arts & Culture Gillette Shaving Consumer brands facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Customers are leaving Gillette in droves — and now the company is taking drastic measures to stop the bleeding Customers are leaving Gillette in droves — and now the company is taking drastic measures to stop the bleeding Gillette is increasingly feeling the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Liquid Detergent Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Liquid Detergent -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Pune , India - April 7, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Liquid Detergent Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds "Liquid Detergent -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022" To Its Research Database This report studies sales (consumption) of Liquid Detergent in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe and Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering P&G Unilever Church & Dwight Henkel Clorox ReckittBenckiser Kao Scjohnson Lion Colgate Amway Phoenix Brand LIBY Group Nice Group Blue Moon Shanghai White Cat Group Pangkam Nafine Lam Soon (Hong Kong) Limited Lonkey Reward Group Kaimi Baoding Qilijia Daily Chemical Beijing Lvsan Chemistry Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/896148-global-liquid-detergent-sales-market-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Liquid Detergent in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Dish-washing Detergent Laundry Detergent Others Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Liquid Detergent in each application, can be divided into Tableware Clothing Toilet Others Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/896148-global-liquid-detergent-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Liquid Detergent Sales Market Report 2017 1 Liquid Detergent Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Liquid Detergent 1.2 Classification of Liquid Detergent 1.2.1 Dish-washing Detergent 1.2.2 Laundry Detergent 1.2.3 Others 1.3 Application of Liquid Detergent 1.3.1 Tableware 1.3.2 Clothing 1.3.3 Toilet 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Liquid Detergent Market by Regions 1.4.1 United States Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Liquid Detergent (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Liquid Detergent Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Liquid Detergent Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) ... 9 Global Liquid Detergent Manufacturers Analysis 9.1 P&G 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Liquid Detergent Product Type, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 P&G Liquid Detergent Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Unilever 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Liquid Detergent Product Type, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Unilever Liquid Detergent Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Church & Dwight 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Liquid Detergent Product Type, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Church & Dwight Liquid Detergent Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Henkel 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Liquid Detergent Product Type, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Henkel Liquid Detergent Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Clorox 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Liquid Detergent Product Type, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Clorox Liquid Detergent Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 ReckittBenckiser 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Liquid Detergent Product Type, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Product A 9.6.2.2 Product B 9.6.3 ReckittBenckiser Liquid Detergent Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 Kao 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 Liquid Detergent Product Type, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Product A 9.7.2.2 Product B 9.7.3 Kao Liquid Detergent Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.8 Scjohnson 9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.8.2 Liquid Detergent Product Type, Application and Specification 9.8.2.1 Product A 9.8.2.2 Product B 9.8.3 Scjohnson Liquid Detergent Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.9 Lion 9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.9.2 Liquid Detergent Product Type, Application and Specification 9.9.2.1 Product A 9.9.2.2 Product B 9.9.3 Lion Liquid Detergent Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.10 Colgate 9.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.10.2 Liquid Detergent Product Type, Application and Specification 9.10.2.1 Product A 9.10.2.2 Product B 9.10.3 Colgate Liquid Detergent Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.11 Amway 9.12 Phoenix Brand 9.13 LIBY Group 9.14 Nice Group 9.15 Blue Moon 9.16 Shanghai White Cat Group 9.17 Pangkam 9.18 Nafine 9.19 Lam Soon (Hong Kong) Limited 9.20 Lonkey 9.21 Reward Group 9.22 Kaimi 9.23 Baoding Qilijia Daily Chemical 9.24 Beijing Lvsan Chemistry Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=896148 Continued... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/liquid-detergent-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/184287 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/896148-global-liquid-detergent-sales-market-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 184287 Recent Press Releases By The Same User What To Expect When Dogs try Premium Probiotics By Doctor4paws (Sat 8th Apr 17) Akoni Homeware Receive First Amazon Orders For New Watermelon Product (Sat 8th Apr 17) Jeff Ifrah - Ifrah Law Appoints George R. Calhoun V as Chair of Financial Services Practice (Sat 8th Apr 17) Bill Lerner - iPark Boosts its Commitment to Environmental Sustainability By Launching EV Charging Stations (Sat 8th Apr 17) New Organic Skin Care for women that saves time and money, created by Cosmetic Surgeon, Dr. Robert Anderson (Sat 8th Apr 17) Lingua Franca Translations Launches New Website For Legal Translations In Under 2 Hours (Sat 8th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Leisure Last Modified: Fri, Apr 07 2017. 06 03 PM IST Shombit Sengupta: The art brand The maverick founder of Shining Consulting on connecting with the consumer, why he doesn’t believe in start-ups, and seeking reinvention at 63 Subscribe to our newsletter. Sumana Mukherjee Illustration by Jayachandran/Mint In his 2013 book Zen Garden: Conversations With Pathmakers, Subroto Bagchi, co-founder of IT firm Mindtree, recalls being tipped off about Shombit Sengupta ahead of their first meeting in 1999. “I was told that if you did not have a budget of a crore as consulting fee, you didn’t go to Shombit. But wait a minute. There was another condition—he had to like you!” he writes about the man who, he says, taught him “more about brands...than anyone else in my entire career”. The trouble, though, is that Sengupta no longer wants to talk about brands. At 63, the founder and creative strategist of Shining Consulting, responsible for the consumer interface makeover of companies such as Unilever, Nestlé, Procter & Gamble, Rémy Martin, Johnson & Johnson, Wipro and Mahindra & Mahindra, would rather concentrate on his art. It’s the reason why, after 40-odd years in France, he now prefers to spend 60% of his time in India. In Bengaluru, to be precise, where, many years ago, he bought a dilapidated transformer factory in Whitefield and redesigned it into an abode like no other. It’s tempting to see the house, split into two wings, as a metaphor for Sengupta’s own life, divided between France and India, brand design and art. The two parts of the house are connected by a labyrinthine corridor; the walls have Sengupta’s own exuberant artworks while the floor space resembles a fairground, installed with the most dazzling collection of colourful Indian kitsch: shiny lip balms, glittery balls, skeins of crinkled cotton, stacks of glass bangles. It’s all a bit overwhelming. Like the man himself. Kitted out in a sheep-print shirt, his shock of hair still more pepper than salt, Sengupta demands attention as he talks. His story is so fantastic, it’s hard to look away but it does not do to merely follow his words: He needs total engagement. He responds in kind, listening actively and often stepping outside himself to call you out. As he does when his wife Renee Jhala, managing director of Shining Consulting—they met while he was consulting with Wipro, where she was head of public relations—wafts by: “She is making me talk about the brands,” he mock-complains about me, but acknowledges in the next breath that the success that followed his disruptive approach to design and branding allowed him to reboot his life as a sexagenarian to focus on art. "I read a lot. Among books that left a deep impression on me are ‘Das Kapital’, ‘The Little Red Book’, ‘Bhagavad Gita’. Also, the biographies of Leonardo da Vinci, Salvador Dali, Sigmund Freud. In fiction, Victor Hugo and Guy de Maupassant are favourites, along with Bengal’s Sankar—he based his ‘Manab Sagar Tirey’ on my life—and Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay. I don’t like Rabindranath Tagore, he could never touch me the way Saratbabu did. I have read ‘Pather Dabi’ at least 10 times." “I went into business (as a brand consultant) to earn money,” Sengupta says without preamble. “And I stuck around for 35 years. Art has always informed my work. But I never delivered something that only looked good; my work made businesses look good.” Aesthetics, one might think, was not supposed to be the strong suit of a boy born in a camp for East Pakistan refugees in Kanchrapara, West Bengal. But early on, Sengupta developed an appreciation of his surroundings. If the Bengali Bengal was defined by poverty, the Victorian Bengal was embodied in the British-built residence of his schoolteacher-mother’s friend. In Chandannagar, a row or a swim across the Hooghly, he encountered a third Bengal, a French Bengal. His father, a committed Communist and anti-British activist, had French sympathies—he was a fan of the Vincent van Gogh biopic Lust For Life, which portrayed the Dutch artist’s flowering in Paris—and subtly communicated to the young boy that an art education, to be worthwhile, had to be French. And so it was that at the age of 19, only half-done with his course at the Government College of Art and Craft in what was still Calcutta, Sengupta bought himself a ticket to Paris for Rs2,700, the sale proceeds of his mother’s gold bangles. “I could barely speak English, let alone French,” says Sengupta, his English still thickly accented by Bengali. “But I had a skill in art and I was determined to develop it.” Though Sengupta went on to join École Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts de Paris, the national school of fine arts, and then studied design at École Supérieure d’Arts Graphiques Penninghen, formal degrees were not his forte. Perpetually short of funds and compelled to send money home, Sengupta took up any work he could find, from sweeping floors to assisting lithographers. “Intelligence or leadership are not qualities you learn in school. Apprenticeship is very important. I was always drawn to writers, advocates, psychologists, performing artistes—that was the way I nurtured myself, how I learnt to converge different elements when it came to branding and design as well.” A considerable part of Sengupta’s success as a brand guru championing a “consumer connect” must be laid at the door of this carefully cultivated understanding of multiple disciplines. “Art was the only way I could earn. Yves Brayer, a famous artist I met at the lithographer’s, encouraged me to consider design communication. So I studied graphic design, applied art, photography, typography. But once in the field, I found I was completely different from everybody. Because of my multiple interests, areas of expertise and a humanist outlook, I made for a grand solutions provider. I can diagnose an ailing business the way a good doctor diagnoses a patient. “Also, my language was completely different,” Sengupta says. “So, if a chief executive officer came to me and said his product was ‘premium’, I would ask him, what’s premium about a consumer product? Affordability is a different issue but, by labelling yourself ‘premium’, you’re alienating a huge market.” His maverick approach included hanging out at a kirana, or neighbourhood grocery store, to figure out why large cooking-oil containers weren’t selling, and picking up the Britannia tag line Eat Healthy, Think Better from a Kolkata rickshaw-puller. Business magazines lavished pages on him, a colourful, plain-speaking break from the pinstriped politically correct. At its peak, the Shining client list read like the who’s who of the corporate world: Prominent among them were 3M, Dow Chemicals, Carrefour, Intermarché, Corning/Newell, Henkel, Nivea, L’Oréal, Pernod Ricard, Reckitt Benckiser, Galerie Lafayette-Monoprix, Total Petroleum internationally, and Reliance Retail, Madura Garments, Coffee Day, Jindal Steel & Power in India. Of late, Sengupta has consciously cut down consulting engagements to a few select clients, mostly in Europe. But, out of the corner of his eye, he continues to pick up on trends and behaviours in the market. Pet among his peeves are Indian businesses that aim to be conglomerates rather than single-domain enterprises. “I give them 15-20 years, they won’t last beyond that,” he says. “Before the Tatas launched the Nano, I had said it wouldn’t work—and it didn’t. When businesses believe in one thing, they can nurture people, build expertise. I hope the new generation will follow that path. Take Airtel. (Sunil Bharti Mittal) tried a couple of other things but his focus was one. Infosys, too, has focused on one domain. “As for the young people working on start-ups, I always tell them, don’t go for start-ups—shorthand for make money and go away—go for build-ups. All businesses have always been start-ups. All this new language is totally nonsense!” In the second hour of our conversation, we are sitting at a worktable in his sprawling, double-height studio, with its curving walls and natural light. All around us are works old and new: Some acrylic-on-canvas frames from Sengupta’s 2016 Night Spirit series, depicting the owl in various mythologies; a few of the tiled Désordre installation series—first made in 2008—which viewers are invited to scramble like a jigsaw puzzle; multiple large canvases featuring a woman and a horse that gallerist Vickram Sethi places in a metaphysical/sexual lineage dating back to the legend of Lady Godiva. He last showed at the Institute of Contemporary Indian Art, Kala Ghoda, Mumbai, in November; a couple of exhibitions are lined up in Europe later this year. For all the workload, art has always been a mainstay for Sengupta. “Art was the foundation of my work,” he says simply, when I ask him how he juggled the two (he was also a weekly columnist for The Indian Express between 2009-14, and is the author of the Jalebi trilogy, on managing businesses in India). “I don’t sleep for more than 4-5 hours a day. Only between 1978-84 did art take a back seat, because I was setting up Shining. But even then, my sketchbook never left my side. “Around 1994, I realized it was important for an artist to develop his own school of thought. That’s when I came up with the concept of Gesturism, basing it on a professor’s early appreciation of the kinetic energy in my works. My style changed completely after that. But Renee pointed out that my art was too Cartesian (after René Descartes, whose philosophy was the bedrock of continental rationalism), too European. I needed to re-root myself in India to define my identity, unite my French inspiration and sense of structure with the non-dogmatic, indisciplined way India uses colour. A third factor was my examination of the désordre—disorder in the French sense, related to physical objects—in India.” In a life so packed with activity, art and accolades, turning 60 was a milestone. “Renee pushed me to devote more time to art at that juncture,” says Sengupta. “Fine art is pre-civilizational; design is a post-industrialization phenomenon, aiming to satisfy a human need, stated or unstated. Art, on the other hand, is completely individual; it needs no other justification.” As we wind down our conversation, the canvases around us look on. Each of them bears the flamboyant Sen signature: The artist prefers to use a truncated version of the family name for his work. Interestingly, his son from his first marriage, too, shortened his name Saikat to Shoi. As Shoi Sen, marketing man-turned-lead guitarist for British band De Profundis, he opened for Iron Maiden in Bengaluru in 2009. Reinvention, it seems, is a family trait. Sumana Mukherjee Topics: Shombit Sengupta Shining Consulting Start-ups Unilever Nestlé More From Livemint READ MORE PMO to review affordable housing programme with private builders US tax scam: Mumbai police arrest alleged kingpin Sagar Thakkar Hyundai, Kia to recall nearly 1.5 million vehicles over engine issue First Published: Fri, Apr 07 2017. 03 56 PM IST Editor's Picks Baahubali 2 is a gold mine even before its release The economics of happiness Stockholm attack leaves at least four dead Latest News US tax scam: Mumbai police arrest alleged kingpin Sagar Thakkar Hyundai, Kia to recall nearly 1.5 million vehicles over engine issue Flipkart to re-enter grocery segment: CEO Kalyan Krishnamurthy Iran said to cut benefits on oil sales to India’s IOC, MRPL after reduced import Donald Trump- Xi Jinping summit’s top achievement: Getting to know each other Mint On Sunday Forget Matt Damon, The Great Wall is about China’s quest for global dominance The search for god through the eyes of a child How a famine happens: The tale of South Sudan The thin line between greatness and madness Letter from... Baselworld Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Columnists Morning Market Pulse Trump strikes a geo-political match Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:29 07 Apr 2017 FTSE 100 Index called to open -15pts at 7290, under fresh pressure overnight that adds to the trend of falling highs resistance since Wednesday’s rebound highs. This keeps the index sideways since late March, with a base at 7255, still hanging on to November’s uptrend. Bulls need a break above 7295 highs of the last few hours (bullish ascending triangle reversal?); Bears are looking for a breach of overnight rising lows support at 7285. Watch levels: Bullish 7295, Bearish 7285. Calls for a negative open come as geopolitical risk cranks up a notch following overnight US air-strikes on a Syrian airbase in response to this week’s shocking chemical attacks. This adds to yesterday’s jitters about hawkish Fed minutes, concerns about overstretched equities and Trump trade validity light of limited policy progress, however, the equity market response is relatively calm thus far. Demand for safe havens has nonetheless pushed bonds, precious metals (Gold and Silver breakouts?) and both the Yen and Swiss Franc higher. Middle Eastern instability fears has also sent both Oil benchmarks (US and Brent Crude) to one-month highs, well on the way to completing the 2-week bullish flags we have been highlighting since earlier in the week. Japan’s Nikkei is higher in spite of overnight events, Energy being buoyed by the higher oil price, although Australia’s ASX  underperforms on account of a sell-off in metals prices (Copper, Iron ore) offsetting the oil rally. Watch the dual-listed Miners in London this morning, as well as the Oil majors. US equity markets finished mostly higher, although ended the session a distance from highs (however note markets closed before US-Syrian airstrikes). The Dow Jones closed less than 0.1% higher as gains for Caterpillar offset Procter & Gamble losses, while the S&P500 was led higher by the Energy sector, although note Tech-focused Nasdaq once again outperformed its counterparts. Crude Oil prices rallied sharply overnight on the news of the US airstrikes on Syria, as investors saw chances of supply disruption skyrocket due to the country’s proximity to major OPEC nations. Brent Crude traded above $56 per barrel for the first time level since 7 March, while US crude completed a secondary bullish flag pattern to just shy of $53. Having cooled somewhat from 3am highs, watch this evening’s Baker Hughes Rig Count for added spice in the marketplace as investors assess US production against OPEC-led production cuts. Gold has traded at its highest level since the US election overnight as Syrian geopolitical concerns see investors flocking towards traditional safe-haven assets. Alongside the Japanese Yen and US Treasuries, the yellow metal rallied to a fresh 5-month high of $1269 on account of the airstrikes. Although price has cooled somewhat from its 3am highs, note the possible emergence of a bullish flag pattern to $1280. In focus will be fallout from US air strikes on Syria in response to this week’s horrific chemical attacks. This is the first major event of a Trump presidency that is still very much in its infancy. The timing may also prove pivotal as he spends a second day with Chinese President Xi. So far so cordial, but markets are eager for something tangible. Trump already joked he has got nothing so far but friendship; Syrian intervention may make relationships even more strained than they already were. And not just with China; Russia and Iran too. Data-wise, it’s all about this afternoon’s monthly US Jobs report, and the widely watched Non-Farm Payrolls print, which gives us the latest lay of the land in terms of stateside employment and whether that half of the Fed’s dual mandate continues to improve at a pace that justifies further rate rises. The UK’s own data dump at 9:30am sees February Industrial, Manufacturing and Construction Production figures released. All three monthly readings are expected to have returned to growth after a negative January, while annual readings for both Manufacturing and Industrial accelerate again after a January dip while Construction continues to cool, albeit marginally, from November’s highs. BoE Governor Carney (10am) gives a speech at Thomson Reuters which may have a bearing on GBP while the Fed’s Dudley (5.15pm) could move the USD with his talk about the “State of Financial Regulation and the Potential for Reform” at Princeton University's followed by a moderated Q&A.   Accendo Markets Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Spreadbetting, CFD trading and Forex are leveraged. This means they can result in losses exceeding your original deposit. Ensure you understand the risks, seek independent financial advice if necessary. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Morning Market Pulse http://www.accendomarkets.com Accendo Markets’ morning report offers readers a concise explanation as to why the FTSE100 is called up/down each morning with a glance at its technical levels as well as that of Oil and Gold. We look at the how US bourses closed and what has been happening in Asia, with elaboration on drivers including macro-economic data, corporate results and central bank commentary and what to look out for during the trading day. International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for April 07, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed NJBIZ Honors Chief Door Opener, Caryn Kopp as One of New Jersey's Best 50 Women in Business Caryn Kopp recognized along with C-Suite executives, educators and entrepreneurs for leadership and shaping the state's economic future     BEDMINSTER, NJ, April 07, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Caryn Kopp, Chief Door Opener and Managing Director of Kopp Consulting, was recently named one of New Jersey's 2017 Best 50 Women in Business. The Best 50 Women in Business awards program honors New Jersey's most dynamic women in business that have been making headlines in their fields. An independent panel of judges selected the top 50 winners based on their dedication to business growth, professional and personal accomplishments, community involvement, and advocacy for women. Created by Caryn, the Kopp Door Opener Service has helped thousands of business owners and sales people secure initial meetings with high level decision makers in almost every major company including P&G, Pfizer, GE, Merck, Verizon, AT&T, Time Warner, Kraft, Target, CBS and the list goes on and on. As sales outsource providers, Caryn's team of senior business developers known as Door Openers find the right opportunities and secure initial prospect meetings for their clients. Many business leaders and sellers say, "When I'm in front of the right decision maker I close the sale most of the time, I just can't get in front of enough of the right prospects." This is true for many companies struggling with their own sales and sales teams, quarter after quarter, year after year. Caryn's trademarked Moment of Yes Sales Message Development Process, proprietary Door Opener Service, and Strategic Sales Insights pave the way for clients to have a seat at the table with high profile, difficult to reach prospects. These introductions help Kopp clients accelerate profitable sales and eliminate the barriers to success they previously experienced. Kopp clients express how helpful it is to have someone else do the high-level prospecting for them! A best-selling author, nationally recognized speaker, and an expert in Business Development, Caryn is uniquely qualified in her passion, coaching women in business to achieve their growth goals. Her unique work-life employment solutions have allowed women and men to pursue their career goals and maintain a balanced life. "When clients achieve success like adding over $5 million dollars in new revenue to their businesses, increasing close ratios from 20% to 48% or being included in RFPs AFTER the RFP process officially closed, we know we're doing business development right!" says Caryn Kopp. NJBIZ and the program sponsors honored this year's winners during an awards ceremony held on Monday, March 20, 2017 at The Palace at Somerset Park, in Somerset, NJ. Accompanying the event is a special publication highlighting each winner. For more information please visit www.njbiz.com/events or contact Anna Acquaviva at annaa@njbiz.com or by phone at (732) 246-5713. # # # Read more Press Releases from Amy Chewey: Sales Outsourcing Provider is One of the 50 Fastest Growing Companies in NJ Women-Owned Company Makes Prestigious Inc. 5000 List Chief Door Opener Caryn Kopp hits Amazon.com's Best-Seller Status SmartCEO Names Kopp Consulting a Future 50 Award Winner Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Amy Chewey Kopp Consulting Bedminster, NJ United States Voice: 908-482-0299 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Blog: Visit Our Blog Follow Us: Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
  Community Video Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Best Reviews Sheknows TV Guide Community Video Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes All Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Best Reviews Sheknows TV Guide Facebook Twitter59.7k Pinterest158k Google Plus5.7k Sign up for our Newsletters Contact Us Advertise AdChoices Careers Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use About us SheKnows Family SheKnows Canada SheKnows UK SheKnows Australia BlogHer Soaps StyleCaster DailyMakeover DrinksMixer SheKnows Media ‐ Family 14614 North Kierland Boulevard S150 Scottsdale, AZ 85254 Phone: (480) 237-7100 Contact: corporate.sheknows.com © Copyright 2003-2017 SheKnows, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Connect with Facebook Connect with Twitter Connect with Google SheKnows Connect Create an account Sign out Start writing Video Share Tweet Pin Share Share this Story Share Tweet Pin Share Stumble Share CopyCopied! Email Print What would you like to know? Search results for: PETS & ANIMALS / Dogs A Complete Guide to All Your Dog's Body Language NEXT STORY 13 Companies That Let You Bring Your Dog to Work 10 hours ago by Jennifer Costello Jennifer Costello is a freelance writer, former vet tech, mom wife and ultimate lover of dogs. She has 2 great kids, 1 super awesome husband and 2 giant dogs that she shares her life with. Jen lives in Ohio and in her spare time she can ... View Profile Image: Dean Mitchell/iStock/360/Getty Images Print Can't bear to part from your dog? If you work at any of these companies, you don't have to Share Tweet Pin Share Tumble Combined comments & shares on social media Let's face it; getting out of bed in the morning and leaving our dogs behind is excruciating. I mean, who actually wants to remove themselves from that whole cuddle situation with their BFF to head to work? Um, no one. But if you work for a progressive company that allows you to bring your dog in with you, you don't have to. Some studies suggest that workplaces that allow dogs are more likely to have employees that are less stressed and more creative, leading to a happier workplace environment — and bosses who have tested out the theory wholeheartedly agree. "Having [dogs] by our side makes us happy, lowers our stress levels, and creates an environment that is comfortable, open, and flexible," Chris Meiering, director of innovation at a natural pet treat company, told the American Animal Hospital Association. "Some offices have water cooler conversations; we have dog playtime conversations. Their presence really builds camaraderie in the office." More: My Dog Helps Me Cope With My Political Anxiety If taking your dog to work sounds like a dream come true, it might be time for a change of scene. Here is a list of dog-friendly companies that allow their employees to bring their dogs to work every day. 1. Kimpton Hotels A post shared by Kimpton RiverPlace Hotel (@riverplacehotel) on Aug 12, 2016 at 1:36pm PDT Kimpton lets you bring your dog to work — but watch your back, because they might steal your next promotion. Pets that come to work with their owners are given the title director of pet relations and even greet guests in the lobby. Kimpton has also offered pet insurance to their employees since 2005. 2. Replacements LTD The China retailer in Greensboro, North Carolina, regularly features their employees' dogs on their website. "I started bringing Buster to work to alleviate his loneliness, and he is loving it!" employee Julie Robbins said of her dog. "He thoroughly enjoys the attention he gets from other employees, and he loves lying in my lap for the last hour of the day while I work at my desk." 3. Salesforce A post shared by @baxter_henry_haber on Oct 9, 2015 at 4:43pm PDT Salesforce created the "Puppyforce" program, which is basically a communal workspace where employees can bring their pets. The only hitch is that reservations are required, and the room is often full, according to Fortune. 4. Tito's Handmade Vodka A post shared by Tito's Handmade Vodka (@titosvodka) on Apr 7, 2017 at 11:23am PDT The Austin, Texas-based company doesn't limit its pets policy to canines — you can bring in pretty much any animal that brings you comfort. They also provide an outdoor play area for dogs. "Our team feels having their furry companions by their side during the work day contributes to a very productive and happy environment," Beth Bellanti of Tito’s told Trupanion. "Tito built his distillery with a very beloved dog by his side 16 years ago and that culture of having dogs around us at Tito’s Handmade Vodka and helping other dogs has always been a comfort." 5. P&G Pet Care Here I am between tweets! Tweet me your dog's selfie. #SoGood pic.twitter.com/pmHnUbLo5c— Pawl Griffin (@PawlGriffin) July 31, 2013 Home to many popular brands of dog food like Iams and Eukanuba, P&G Pet Care welcomes dogs in its home offices in Cincinnati, Ohio. It even has dogs that hold very important jobs, like Pawl Griffin, a Petit Basset Griffon Vendéen that is currently the vice president of canine communications. 6. Google Google has allowed dogs to accompany its employees to work for several years, and it is clearly stated on its code of conduct page that "Google's affection for our canine friends is an integral facet of our corporate culture. We like cats, but we're a dog company, so as a general rule we feel cats visiting our office would be fairly stressed out." 7. Embrace Pet Insurance Post by Embrace Pet Insurance. One of the leading brands of pet insurance, Embrace absolutely allows dogs in its offices. Employees just need to get approval from a supervisor and make sure their dogs display good manners when on the job. 8. Ben & Jerry's It should come as no surprise that this sweet and tasty company wants to keep its employees as relaxed and creative as possible to be able to come up with all those awesome ice cream flavors. Ben & Jerry's has allowed dogs in its offices for many years, but don't worry, there is no paw dipping going on there. More: 12 Surprising (and Sometimes Creepy) Signs Your Cat Doesn't Actually Hate You 9. Etsy Etsy has allowed employees to bring their dogs to work since it first began in 2005, and it even has a canine operations team. Having dogs in the office is one way that Etsy tries to keep the atmosphere creative and inspiring. 10. Build-A-Bear Workshop Post by Build-A-Bear Workshop. For about the last 10 years, the Build-A-Bear company has allowed employees to bring their dogs to work. Employees are allowed to have their dogs by their sides at their desks and accompany them to meetings, but they cannot bring them to the cafeteria. 11. Amazon This internet sensation allows dogs in its offices as long as they remain on a leash or safely behind a baby gate to ensure the work area is safe and happy. Rumor has it that an easy dozen dogs or more can be seen at the offices on a single day. 12. Moochie & Co. This pet retail shop allows employees to bring their dogs to work in both retail locations and at its corporate offices in Columbus, Ohio. Dogs must be properly vaccinated, well-behaved and promise to wag their tails at every customer. 13. SheKnows Bet you didn't know that SheKnows is also dog-friendly! On any given day, you will find pups tagging along to our main headquarters in Scottsdale, Arizona, as well as our offices in New York City, Chicago and Los Angeles. Watch this office dog takeover: More: A Complete Guide to All Your Dog's Body Language Before you go, check out our slideshow below. Image: Elliot Freeman/Flickr Originally published June 2014. Updated April 2017. Tagged in dogs pets work Comments Follow Us Facebook Twitter59.7k Pinterest158k Google Plus5.7k RSS SheKnows Media ‐ Family Slideshows 21 Products You Need From Ellen DeGeneres' New Pet Line Easter is Coming, and so Are the Adorable Bunny Photos The 13 Best Dog Shampoos for Each and Every Pup 16 Quiet Dog Breeds That Won't Bark All Night Long Subscribe to SheKnows Daily News The stuff you need to know, crafted just for you. Please enter a valid email address. Related Articles Yes, Your Dog Can Get STIs — Here's What You Need to Know by Christie C. Long, DVM 2 days ago Why Can’t Some Dog Breeds Swim? by Jane Harrell 4 days ago A Complete Guide to All Your Dog's Body Language by Julie Sprankles 1 week ago Today's Big Stories What the Zodiac Has in Store for You This Month: Your April 2017 Horoscope How to Help Our Kids Cope With Failure 7 Surprising Causes of Bad Breath Hot New in Pets & Animals Close The menu button now contains all of the sections of our site. And you'll see personalized content just for you whenever you click the My Feed . SheKnows is making some changes! b e  h e a r d ! Welcome to the new SheKnows Community, where you can share your stories, ideas and CONNECT with millions of women. Get Started
null
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / 1-Decanol Market – Region-Wise Outlook and Opportunity Analysis by 2024 1-Decanol Market – Region-Wise Outlook and Opportunity Analysis by 2024 Posted on April 7, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Transparency Market Research has published a new research report titled “1-Decanol Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024” to their report store. Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/07/2017 — The molecular formula of 1-decanol is C10H22O. 1-Decanol is a derivative of oil or natural fat. It is prepared by hydrogenation reaction of decanoic acid. The IUPAC name of 1-Decanol is Dec-1-ol. It has an aromatic odor, density of 0.8297 g/cm3 and boiling point 232.90C. 1-Decanol belongs to a group of long chain aliphatic alcohols within a carbon chain length of C6-24. It possesses solubilizing or emulsifying properties, and can be used as anti-spalling agent in concrete. It is an excellent lubricating agent. 1-Decanol is also used as antifoam and raw material for natural based wetting agents. It is a colorless liquid substance, which is inflammable. 1-Decanol is readily biodegradable and therefore degrades in the environment. The biodegradability of 1-Decanol is expected to boost its usage in personal care and polymer processing applications. However, it is acutely toxic and therefore is harmful for aquatic life. When accumulated in large quantities, it may cause death of aquatic organisms. It causes mild skin irritation when exposed in large quantities to skin. 1-Decanol is also used in cleaning agents and coatings; however, the concentration of 1-decanol is generally low in cleaning agents. The other names of 1- Decanol are Decyl Alcohol; n-Decanol; primary Decyl Alcohol; Decylic Alcohol; n- Decyl Alcohol; Capric Alcohol; and Alcohol C-10. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/1-decanol-market.html The market for 1-Decanol can be segmented based on end-use applications into plasticizers, lubricants, surfactants, cleaning agents, personal care, and pharmaceutical. It is used as penetration enhancer in transdermal drug delivery in the pharmaceutical industry because of its ability to permeate the skin. It is used as aluminum rolling lubricants, lubricant oil additives, and plastic lubricants in the lubricants industry. 1-Decanol is extensively used in lotions, creams, and conditioners in the personal care industry. In terms of region, the 1-Decanol market can be segregated into Asia Pacific, North America, Latin America, Middle East & Africa, and Europe. The global market for 1-Decanol is expected to expand. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the dominant region due to the high demand for personal care products. China and India are likely to be the prominent consumers of 1-Decanol in Asia Pacific due to presence of established end-user industries in these countries. Growth in the polymer processing industry in Asia Pacific and North America is also estimated to propel the demand for 1-Decanol. The 1-Decanol market in North America and Europe is expected to expand, led by the increase in demand for beauty products in these regions. For more information on this report, fill the form @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20306 Key players operating in the 1-Decanol market are P&G Chemicals, Sasol, BASF SE, Thai Fatty Alcohol, Kao, Muslim Mas, and Emery Oleochemicals. Emery Oleochemicals sells products under the brand name EMERCOL, which is a group of natural based fatty alcohols. It is used for various purposes in skin care, sun screens, and toiletries applications. BASF SE provides 1-Decanol, which is nontoxic, non-carcinogenic and is used in various end user applications such as personal care, cleaning agents, and polymer processing. Companies are adopting aggressive marketing tactics and merger and acquisition strategies to expand their market share. They are also shifting their production facilities to emerging economies in Asia Pacific and Latin America due to the easy availability of land, cheap labor, and governmental subsidies in these regions. Additionally, companies are using export as a tool for geographic expansion in emerging economies in Middle East & Africa. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/1-decanol-market/release-791453.htm Media Relations Contact Transparency Market Research Head Telephone: 518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Transparency Market Research Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/1-decanol-market.html Latest News “Pura Vida,” Suspense Thriller about Crime-Fighting Nun Determined to Stop Terrorists from Igniting a Race War, to be Released May 23, 2017 Visit Southland Mall Miami for an April “Festive Fridays” Series for the Entire Family Gilbane Building Company Breaks Ground on New Police Headquarters Facility in Village of Oswego Bringing Global Reach to US Foodservice NFC Chips Market – Manufacturers Are Focused on Developing NFC Chips Are Will Cut Down Power Consumption by About 60% 1-Decanol Market – Region-Wise Outlook and Opportunity Analysis by 2024 Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) Market – Installation of Camera Systems Has Been Observed to Be a Key Trend in the Global Market for Industrial IoT EMM Sales Exhibiting at the Virginia Beef Expo Trade Show Global Styrene Acrylonitrile (SAN) Resins Market: Consumer Goods Industry to Boost Demand, Predicts TMR Free Space Optics Market Driven by Considerable Research and Development Activities and Early Penetration of Latest Technologies © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video     Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Travel Destinations Holiday Types Expert Reviews Mail Travel MailEscapes Celebrity Travel My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Travel the world... and take your house with you! This incredible flat-pack abode has room for a family of three Animal magic: The creatures inhabiting the UK's national parks captured in incredible pictures From the very best Greek olives to the crispiest spanakopita and the fudgiest baklava: Why the food of the eastern Med is hot right now  Welcome to the land where cars give way to bikes - and there's not a hill in sight: A cycling holiday is heaven in Holland... especially when you can rest your legs on a river barge Now you can pop to Everest… for BREAKFAST: Travel firms helicopter guests to base camp for Champagne, croissants and a VERY good view (but it'll cost you £4,000) Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 73, reveals he's 'mobile again' after six-hour back surgery and will press on with conquering the highest peaks on every continent Sick as a parrot! Peaches the African Grey poisons three pet dogs by mimicking their owner's voice and feeding them grapes Nature's canvas: Dreamy aerial images offer a fresh perspective on South Africa's wild landscapes  Rare footage shows a wild mother panda BREASTFEEDING her hungry cub in the forest Move over, Pizza Rat... It's Taco Squirrel! Bizarre photograph shows rodent in New York munching on a Mexican snack  Was the £400m British Airways lavished on upgrading its business class service money well spent? We take a sneak peek inside the new Gatwick lounge and in-flight menu Cut it out! Mother tiger tugs at her mischievous cubs as they pounce on each other while play-fighting  Voila! The languages children should learn if they want the best chances of success in life revealed 'Clothing optional beaches', suites fashioned from rough-hewn logs and sun-kissed Instagram models: If you need to recover from Cancun, these chic resorts nearby are just the ticket  The future of boarding: BA unveils biometric gates at Heathrow allowing passengers to walk straight onto aircraft after a facial scan British tycoon slashes $20m off Plaza Hotel penthouse after the historic Central Park property with private elevator and walk-in wine cooler fails to sell Shocking pictures show orcas chopped up for food on a Caribbean beach after being harpooned in front of horrified cruise-goers I wanna be like yoo hoo hoo! The two adorable baby chimpanzees being raised by a Cuban biologist in her Havana apartment 'Smiling' duckling looks overjoyed as railway engineer plucks it from tracks just minutes before a train came along Would you ride Europe’s tallest and fastest coaster? As Spain's Ferrari Land opens, terrifying footage reveals what it's like hitting 112mph on the park's 367ft-tall main attraction Buckle up! Climate change will make aircraft turbulence THREE TIMES worse in the next 30 years (and it could even hospitalise passengers) The Hyperloop is ready to go! First test track is complete as firm reveals 11 routes in the US that could use Elon Musk's futuristic transport 'Whitby - Satan's mini-break': The hilarious travel posters that poke a little fun at Britain's not-so-great seaside towns Non-stop London to Sydney flights 'possible within five years' thanks to new aircraft from Airbus and Boeing, says Qantas, with tickets for UK to Perth direct on sale this month Previous Next Nature's canvas: Dreamy aerial images offer a fresh perspective on South Africa's wild landscapes Zack Seckler is an award-winning fine art photographer who also shoots advertising campaigns for big names Over the course of a week, he photographed the landscapes and animals of South Africa from a light aircraft Using his artistic eye he has created a whimsical and abstract series offering a new perspective on the terrain  By Naomi Leach For Mailonline Published: 05:27 EDT, 7 April 2017 | Updated: 05:57 EDT, 7 April 2017 e-mail 56 shares 9 View comments From a lone wildebeest wandering across a dusty plain to a herd of antelope grazing in the lush vegetation, an award-winning photographer has created a series of dreamy aerial images offering a new perspective on South Africa. Boston native Zack Seckler, a fine art photographer who also shoots advertising campaigns with some of the world's biggest companies including De Beers, Google, Apple and Gap, was drawn to photography after travelling solo through India where he 'found that creating images was a gateway to understanding the culture and yourself in new and exciting ways'. The minimalist images were taken from elevations between 50 and 500 feet from a light aircraft over one week. He told MailOnline Travel: 'With my aerial photography I'm always looking for a combination of spectacular landscapes that have an abstract quality to them and also for elements, like animals, that are instantly recognisable from the air. 'South Africa has an incredible diversity of beautiful landscapes. Crystal clear ocean, lush jungle, open grasslands and stark desert. There is also an abundance of wildlife, everything from herds of buffalo to pods of dolphin, elephants, giraffe, and every other African mammal you can imagine. 'The unique combination of landscape and animals in South Africa was precisely what I was after when creating this project.' Mr Seckler, who has won a Cannes Silver Lion in 2016, is exhibiting the South Africa series at ClampArt in New York from 13th April. Award-winning photographer Zack Seckler has created a series of dreamy aerial images offering a new perspective on South Africa. Above, a lone wildebeest wanders across a dusty plane Boston native Zack Seckler, a fine art photographer, also shoots advertising campaigns with some of the world's biggest companies including Bank of America, Procter & Gamble and Gap. Above, a herd of gemsbok antelope graze in the vegetation The minimalist images were taken from elevations between 50 and 500 feet from a light aircraft. Mr Seckler said: 'Seeing herds of cattle roam the beaches of South Africa is a sight that is strange, beautiful and whimsical all at once' After travelling solo through India, Mr Seckler said he 'found that creating images was a gateway to understanding the culture and yourself in new and exciting ways'. Above, this abstract landscape is entitled 'Sundays River Meet' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Shocking pictures show orcas chopped up for food on a... The future of boarding: BA unveils biometric gates at... Do these post-Brexit passports win your stamp of approval?... Would you ride Europe¿s tallest and fastest coaster? As... 'Whitby - Satan's mini-break': The hilarious travel posters... Was the £400m British Airways lavished on upgrading its... Share this article Share 56 shares The photographer told MailOnline Travel: 'My aerial imagery is created with an intent of sharing the beauty of our world from an unexpected view.' Above, a lone turtle swims off the coast of South Africa He was drawn to South Africa because of its 'incredible diversity of beautiful landscapes. Crystal clear ocean, lush jungle, open grasslands and stark desert'. The above image is called 'Springbok Five' Mr Seckler has won numerous awards including Cannes Silver Lion 2016, IPA 1st Place in Fine Art Collage category 2015 and IPA Honorable Mention in Aerial category 2016 The New York based photographer told MailOnline Travel: 'With my aerial photography I'm always looking for a combination of spectacular landscapes that have an abstract quality to them and also for elements, like animals, that are instantly recognisable from the air.' The above image is called 'Wild Coast III' South Africa's abundance of animals captivated Mr Seckler. Above, three flamingos skim the surface of a grey watery expanse Above, a bull grazing in the Eastern Cape. Mr Seckler features his work on his website in four categories - humour, lifestyle, landscape and personal Directing a pilot to points that interested him, Mr Seckler shot the entire South Africa series over the course of a week. Above, a flock of birds on the coast With his commercial work dating back to 2007, Mr Seckler said he loves pouring himself into his projects, and adds that the 'act of creating is intoxicating'. Above, the desert landscap is called 'Alexandria I' Mr Seckler is exhibiting the South Africa series at ClampArt in New York from 13th April. Above, springbok tracks look surreal etched on the landscape Read more: Zack Seckler | Photographer - Overview South Africa | ClampArt Zack Seckler (@zackseckler) ¿ Instagram photos and videos Share or comment on this article e-mail 56 shares Most watched News videos Terrified people flee scene of Stockholm truck attack Police tackle man to the ground moments after terror attack Footage appears to show hangars damaged by US air strike in Syria Fury as female traveller rests her SMELLY feet on coach seat Man missing for months is found in giant hole in woods People run in fear as truck drives into people in Stockholm Emergency services respond to people lying on the ground Girl in India found living with monkeys dubbed Mowgli 2.0 Question Time audience member demands apology from Diane Abbott USS Porter launches Tomahawk missiles at the Al-Shayrat Air Base Trump orders launch of 50 Tomahawk missiles on Syrian airbase Moment USS Ross launches Tomahawk missiles into Syria The moment Stockholm police catch the third beer truck... Is this the rudest backpacker ever? French tourist... Furious Putin calls US airstrikes an 'illegal act of... PIERS MORGAN: Trump was right to bomb Assad. If the evil... Incredible moment teenager walking in the woods shouts... Kremlin tells U.S. it's 'one step from war' as Trump... Family pay tribute to Romanian tourist, 31, 'cruelly... Assad's base in ruins: Dramatic satellite photos reveal... Shocking moment terror suspect is wrestled to floor by... Dear neighbours... sorry about the building work, here's... Shameless Diane Abbott REFUSES to apologise for branding... 'Mowgli girl' found living with monkeys is filmed walking... Baby Charlie's parents sob as court-appointed guardian... How Trump unleashed awesome arsenal on Assad: Tomahawk... What do YOU think this says? Next greetings card has... Jane the Virgin star offered $1.5M A YEAR for weekly sex... Trump at war: White House reveals president's improvised... Why didn’t Putin’s Growlers intercept Trump’s Tomahawks?... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 9 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Next story Travel the world... and take your house with you! This incredible flat-pack abode has room for a family of three 27 comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry HUL to sack 10-15% staff in India? With Baba Ramdev’s Patanjali piling on pressure, are FMCG companies scrambling to deal with it? HUL to sack 10-15% staff in India? With Baba Ramdev’s Patanjali piling on pressure, are FMCG companies scrambling to deal with it? Consumer goods MNC Unilever is planning to reduce costs across markets in a bid to protect its profits. To ensure that happens fast, its Global CEO Paul Polman on Thursday committed to the board his cost-cutting strategy. By: FE Online | Published: April 7, 2017 1:36 PM The problems for this behemoth corporation here stem from a variety of sources, from rising raw material and staff costs to rivalry from a strong ‘desi’ source in the form of Baba Ramdev’s Patanjali. Consumer goods MNC Unilever is planning to reduce costs across markets in a bid to protect its profits. To ensure that happens fast, its Global CEO Paul Polman on Thursday committed to the board his cost-cutting strategy. While that is happening on the global stage in these fierce competition-riddled times, in India, Economic Times has reported that Hindustan Lever (HUL) is set to sack as many as 10-15% of its employees in an effort to cut unnecessary flab. The problems for this behemoth corporation here stem from a variety of sources, from rising raw material and staff costs to rivalry from a strong ‘desi’ source in the form of Baba Ramdev’s Patanjali. Patanjali is spreading its wings in the FMCG sector and thereby throwing a huge challenge to all big brands in this segment across product ranges. There were reports last year that Unilever has admitted to the new competition in Patanjali and said that the company has been launching products in the “natural” space to fight it. Recently, in order to counter Patanjali, HUL came out with three ayurvedic shampoos. The company introduced Ayurveda Care Triphala shampoo under the Clinic Plus brand and two Tresemme Botanique items– Nourish & Replenish and Detox & Restore. Sageraj Bariya, vice-president, and analyst at broking firm East India Securities Ltd told said that that the impact of Patanjali is visible and by launching an ayurvedic range under an existing brand, it will be easier for HUL to gain customers’ trust. Also watch: Not just HUL, earlier last year, Colgate-Palmolive also said that the natural segment in India has been growing rapidly and the company needs to capitalize on it. They also launched Cibaca Vedshakti herbal toothpaste to battle Patanjali’s Dant Kanti. Meanwhile, according to an ASSOCHAM– TechSci Research paper, Patanjali Ayurveda has turned out to be the most disruptive force in India’s fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) market. Patanjali which has expanded its product portfolio across wide range of personal care and food and beverages, witnessed a whopping annual growth of 146 percent in fiscal 2016 whereas its peers including ITC, Dabur, Hindustan Unilever, Colgate – Palmolive and Procter and Gamble, among others, struggled to get a growth much less than a double digit, said the report. The paper also said that many products of Patanjali have impacted the share of other FMCG companies. “Some of its flagship brands which have wrested the market share of its competitors include Dant Kanti, Atta noodles, and Kesh Kanti”, the paper said. Also watch: Earlier this year, Ramdev criticized the multi-national companies and said it was because of Patanjali that they are having sleepless nights. “No MNC comes here to give you money, they have no love for India, they are here to earn profits. They bring Re 1 with them and take back Rs 100 with them,” Ramdev said at the 7th ‘Bhartiya Chhatra Sansad’ in Pune. Nomura also backed Baba Ramdev’s Patanjali Ayurved and said it is getting its game right! D Dr Patrick Thomas Apr 7, 2017 at 3:39 pm Do you want to sell your Kidney? We're looking for kidney donors urgently with the sum of $290,000,00, contact us on whatsapp for more details; Dr. Patrick Thomas Help Line; 919500338353 WhatsApp number; 919500338353 Reply D Dr Patrick Thomas Apr 7, 2017 at 3:03 pm Do you want to sell your Kidney? We're looking for kidney donors urgently with the sum of $290,000,00, contact us on whatsapp for more details; Dr. Patrick Thomas Help Line; 919500338353 WhatsApp number; 919500338353 Reply Trending Now Are we running the country? No, we are not and nor do we intend to: Supreme Court while dismissing Satluj-Yamuna Canal PIL Maneka Gandhi blames movies for rising violence against women IPL 2017: Pune look to build on gains against Kings XI Donald Trump nominates Indian-American Vishal Amin as his 'IP czar' Syria Chemical Attack: US 'disappointed' at Russia's Syria stance China Summit: Donald Trump presses Xi Jinping on trade, North Korea; progress cited Donald Trump explained US position on THAAD to Xi Jinping: South Korea US, Russia clash in Security Council over Syria missile strike Anti-Pakistan protests break out across Afghanistan Chinese President Xi Jinping, Donald Trump pledge to expand mutually beneficial cooperation Asthma drug may be the solution to chronic hives Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News सिर्फ 3 रुपए में नाश्ता, 5 रुपए में पेट भर खाना खिलाएगी योगी सरकार राष्ट्रगान के अपमान का लगा आरोप, ABVP ने शुरू किया जम्मू VS कश्मीर ...जब बीजेडी सांसद ने कहा- अंधेरी रात में चमकते इकलौते तारे की तरह हैं नितिन गडकरी, बाकी विपक्ष ने भी बांधे तारीफों के पुल Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   CIMdata Press Release Receive press releases from CIMdata: By Email RSS Feeds: Agenda Announced for CIMdatas Product & Manufacturing Innovation Driven by Digital Design & Simulation Workshop The workshop, co-sponsored by three of CIMdatas knowledge councils, will take place on June 6 & 7 at the DMDII facility in Chicago, Illinois. Ann Arbor, MI, April 07, 2017 --(PR.com)-- CIMdata, Inc., the leading global PLM strategic management consulting and research firm, announces the agenda topics for its upcoming workshop, Product & Manufacturing Innovation Driven by Digital Design & Simulation: Challenges, Strategies, Tools, & Best Practices for Business Success. The workshop will take place on June 6 & 7 at the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute (DMDII), a world-class, first-of-its-kind, manufacturing hub based in Chicago, Illinois. The Product & Manufacturing Innovation Driven by Digital Design & Simulation workshop is the must-attend event for industrial organizations and product development solution providers interested in learning about “model-driven engineering” strategies and solutions that will enable on-going product and manufacturing innovation to create competitive advantage, minimize total lifecycle costs, and drive top line revenue growth. Over the course of the one and one-half day workshop, sessions will be held on the following critical topics: • The Digital Thread Revolution: From Digital Artifacts to Model-Centric Engineering and Beyond • Establishing an Industry-wide Consensus for Design Data Exchange • Computer-aided Innovation Tools • Model-based Design • Model-based Definition • Design and Simulation Challenges in Advanced Manufacturing • Solving Big Engineering Challenges with Collaborative Innovation • System Modeling, Simulation, and Interoperability – the view from an end user • Simulation Led Innovation – The promise, the pitfalls, and business imperative for ever better products and business execution • Opportunities and Challenges When Implementing System Modeling and Simulation Capabilities for MBSE • Collaboration Standards for Model-Based Engineering • Application Use Cases, Technology Challenges, and ROI Justification for Investing in Digital Twins • Organizational and People Issues in implementing MBSE Presenters and workshop facilitators will offer examples that illustrate how they are successfully addressing these pressing topics. Confirmed speakers include: • Brench Boden, CTO, DMDII / Senior Engineer, Air Force Research Laboratory • Brad Ferris, Rolls-Royce • Amelia Gandara, Community Leader, GE Fuse • Mark Meili, Director, Modeling and Simulation, Procter & Gamble • Don Tolle, Director, Simulation-Driven Systems Development Practice, CIMdata • Dr. Suna Polat, Director, Collaborative Innovation & Social Product Development, CIMdata • Dr. Ken Versprille, Executive Consultant, CIMdata • Dr. Keith Meintjes, Executive Consultant, CIMdata • Frank Popielas, Executive Consultant, CIMdata For more information visit: http://www.cimdata.com/en/education/knowledge-council-workshops/joint-kc-workshop-2017 To view our agenda visit: http://www.cimdata.com/en/education/knowledge-council-workshops/joint-kc-workshop-2017/joint-kc-workshop-agenda-2017 About CIMdata CIMdata, a leading independent worldwide firm, provides strategic management consulting to maximize an enterprise’s ability to design and deliver innovative products and services through the application of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions. Since its founding in 1983, CIMdata has delivered world-class knowledge, expertise, and best-practice methods on PLM solutions. These solutions incorporate both business processes and a wide-ranging set of PLM-enabling technologies. CIMdata works with both industrial organizations and providers of technologies and services seeking competitive advantage in the global economy. In addition to consulting, CIMdata conducts research, provides PLM-focused subscription services, and produces several commercial publications. The company also provides industry education through PLM certificate programs, seminars, and conferences worldwide. CIMdata serves clients around the world from offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. To learn more about CIMdata’s services, visit our website, www.CIMdata.com; follow us on Twitter at http://twitter.com/CIMdataPLMNews ; or contact CIMdata at: 3909 Research Park Drive, Ann Arbor, MI 48108, USA; Tel: +1 734.668.9922; Fax: +1 734.668.1957; or at Oogststraat 20, 6004 CV Weert, The Netherlands, Tel: +31 (0) 495.533.666. Contact Information CIMdata Cheryl Peck 734-668-9922 Contact www.cimdata.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from CIMdata Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: PSB Academy April 06, 2017 22:00 ET PSB Academy and Institute of Management Accountants launch preparatory course to groom finance professionals for leadership SINGAPORE--(Marketwired - Apr 6, 2017) - PSB Academy is the first private education institution to partner with the Institute of Management Accountants (IMA) to offer finance professionals and accountants a preparatory course for the Certified Management Accountant (CMA) credential, which demonstrates a mastery of management accounting knowledge and skills. Launched yesterday at a signing ceremony in PSB Academy's new City Campus at Marina Square, the course has been designed to create a pathway for undergraduate students in finance, as well as entry- to mid-level professionals, to assume roles in leadership, management and strategic development. As part of the collaboration, students enrolled in the preparatory course through PSB Academy will have access to content and test preparation materials from Wiley & Sons. PSB Academy's faculty will also be able to access Wiley's suite of teaching materials, resources and journals. Core modules in the preparatory course will help students understand management frameworks, as well as look into decision analysis and investment decisions involved in critical internal financial management responsibilities, like planning, budgeting, business reporting, decision analysis, and risk management. These critical skills in management will set the CMA credential apart from the endorsement of financial accounting skills usually offered by accrediting bodies like ACCA and CPA, and fuel the demand for more strategic leaders in finance and accounting amidst the fintech-driven disruption in the finance and insurance services sector -- one of Singapore's biggest growth drivers in terms of GDP. "We value the importance of continuing education and professional development in a time of uncertainty and volatility in the new economy, and want to continue to provide the right pathways for workers across sectors to up-skill, and re-skill, in relevant ways that would help them to lead in the future economy. Our partnership with IMA aims to prepare a new generation of thinkers, and not just bean counters, with the necessary competencies for positions essential to creating new value chains for a more resilient finance industry," says Derrick Chang, CEO, PSB Academy. The over 50,000 CMA holders today play important roles globally in various organizations, such as SOEs (State-Owned Enterprise), MNCs, private companies, professional firms, academic institutions, and NGOs. Some of the leading companies which employ and promote CMAs are Johnson & Johnson, IBM, Novartis, Philips, Caterpillar, Holcim, Booking.com, Procter & Gamble, Nestle, UBS, Credit Suisse, Deloitte, PWC, KPMG, and United Nations, amongst others. The latest figures in IMA's 2016 Global Salary Survey show that salaries of those holding the CMA continue to be significantly higher than those of non-CMAs. Globally, CMAs earn 45% more in median salary and 50% more in median total compensation than non-CMAs1. "We are proud to partner with Singapore's best private education institution (2016, Business Excellence Research Group) to deliver the preparatory course for the CMA credential. As one of the largest and most respected associations focused exclusively on advancing the management accounting profession, we are confident the course will empower aspiring leaders in finance with the latest skills and tools required to excel in the present competitive market. Results from our global salary survey suggest that many individuals who have earned the CMA are reaping the rewards of their effort and dedication to professional development," says Jeffrey Thomson, CMA, CEO and President, IMA. Registration for the August 2017 intake of the CMA Preparatory Course is now open. For more course details, please contact Calvin Tan at Calvin.Tan@psb-academy.edu.sg. 1Full report of IMA's 2016 Global Salary Survey: http://sfmagazine.com/post-entry/march-2017-imas-2016-global-salary-survey/ About PSB Academy Productivity is at the heart of PSB Academy. Once known as Singapore's Productivity and Standards Board, PSB Academy is known today as "The Future Academy," with an approach to education that focuses on what really matters: performance in the real-world. In 2016, The Academy was conferred "Best private education institution in Singapore" by the Business Excellence and Research Group, and "Best private institution" for Engineering at the JobsCentral Learning T.E.D Awards. It hosts over 11,000 local and international students in its slate of certificate, diploma, degree and postgraduate programmes every year. PSB Academy voluntarily commissions reputable external research firms to conduct graduate employment surveys as one of several key measures of graduate outcomes. In 2015, idstats research consultancy found that around nine in 10 local/international students found perm/temp employment within six months of graduation; six in 10 benefitted from pay raises and/or career progression; and that graduates took 2.1 months on average to find employment. PSB Academy is situated at two campuses in Singapore: PSB Academy Delta and PSB Academy City Campus at Marina Square. Learn more at: www.psb-academy.edu.sg. Contact Information Media contacts Melody Uy Email Contact +65 6213 6997 Abigail Ng Email Contact +65 9093 3787 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company PSB Academy From this industry Education and Training Financial Services From this sub-industry Education Aids and Products Schools and Courses, Colleges/Universities Training/Online Commercial and Investment Banking Insurance Investment Services and Trading Personal Finance Retail Banking Venture Capital See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Photo: PSB Academy Executive Chairman Viva Sinniah, PSB Academy CEO Derrick Chang, John Wiley & Sons Regional Business Development Manager Kim Teo and IMA CEO and President Jeffrey Thomson mark the launch of PSB Academy’s CMA Preparatory Course for aspiring leaders in finance at the institution’s City Campus. View Image: S M L   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Latest News Dow 20,656 -6.85 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,878 -1.14 -0.02% S&P 500 2,356 -1.95 -0.08% 4/07 Updated Millions of Americans are desperate to trade part-time work for full-time 4/07 Updated This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children 4/07 Updated A pro baseball stadium in Seattle just put toasted grasshoppers on the menu 4/07 Syria Strikes: Does Trump Need Approval from Congress? 4/07 Stockholm Truck Attack Leaves Several Dead 4/07 Trump names Kevin Hassett as White House’s chief economist 4/07 Neurological drug developer Biohaven files for initial public offering 4/07 Action plan drawn up on U.S.-China trade, Commerce’s Ross says 4/07 Updated U.S. households will soon have as much debt as they had in 2008 4/07 Updated The Moneyologist: I signed away my $500,000 inheritance when I was a child — what can I do? 4/07 Updated The Moneyologist: My brothers owe our late mother’s estate $30,000 — how should they repay it? 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Happy workers are 10% more productive at work 4/07 Updated You can buy a copy of the Sex Pistols’ ‘God Save the Queen’ for $10,000 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/07 Updated World Health Day: This is how much depression costs U.S. companies 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Millennial women face new mental health struggles in the workplace 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Fatal drug overdoses soar among white, middle-aged American men 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Lonely people are more likely to over-share on Facebook 4/07 Updated Fox threatens to pull cable channels from Charter amid carriage fee dispute 4/07 Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release PSB Academy and Institute of Management Accountants launch preparatory course to groom finance professionals for leadership By Published: Apr 6, 2017 10:00 p.m. ET Share SINGAPORE, Apr 06, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- SINGAPORE--(Marketwired - Apr 6, 2017) - PSB Academy is the first private education institution to partner with the Institute of Management Accountants (IMA) to offer finance professionals and accountants a preparatory course for the Certified Management Accountant (CMA) credential, which demonstrates a mastery of management accounting knowledge and skills. Launched yesterday at a signing ceremony in PSB Academy's new City Campus at Marina Square, the course has been designed to create a pathway for undergraduate students in finance, as well as entry- to mid-level professionals, to assume roles in leadership, management and strategic development. As part of the collaboration, students enrolled in the preparatory course through PSB Academy will have access to content and test preparation materials from Wiley & Sons. PSB Academy's faculty will also be able to access Wiley's suite of teaching materials, resources and journals. Core modules in the preparatory course will help students understand management frameworks, as well as look into decision analysis and investment decisions involved in critical internal financial management responsibilities, like planning, budgeting, business reporting, decision analysis, and risk management. These critical skills in management will set the CMA credential apart from the endorsement of financial accounting skills usually offered by accrediting bodies like ACCA and CPA, and fuel the demand for more strategic leaders in finance and accounting amidst the fintech-driven disruption in the finance and insurance services sector -- one of Singapore's biggest growth drivers in terms of GDP. "We value the importance of continuing education and professional development in a time of uncertainty and volatility in the new economy, and want to continue to provide the right pathways for workers across sectors to up-skill, and re-skill, in relevant ways that would help them to lead in the future economy. Our partnership with IMA aims to prepare a new generation of thinkers, and not just bean counters, with the necessary competencies for positions essential to creating new value chains for a more resilient finance industry," says Derrick Chang, CEO, PSB Academy. The over 50,000 CMA holders today play important roles globally in various organizations, such as SOEs (State-Owned Enterprise), MNCs, private companies, professional firms, academic institutions, and NGOs. Some of the leading companies which employ and promote CMAs are Johnson & Johnson, IBM, Novartis, Philips, Caterpillar, Holcim, Booking.com, Procter & Gamble, Nestle, UBS, Credit Suisse, Deloitte, PWC, KPMG, and United Nations, amongst others. The latest figures in IMA's 2016 Global Salary Survey show that salaries of those holding the CMA continue to be significantly higher than those of non-CMAs. Globally, CMAs earn 45% more in median salary and 50% more in median total compensation than non-CMAs1. "We are proud to partner with Singapore's best private education institution (2016, Business Excellence Research Group) to deliver the preparatory course for the CMA credential. As one of the largest and most respected associations focused exclusively on advancing the management accounting profession, we are confident the course will empower aspiring leaders in finance with the latest skills and tools required to excel in the present competitive market. Results from our global salary survey suggest that many individuals who have earned the CMA are reaping the rewards of their effort and dedication to professional development," says Jeffrey Thomson, CMA, CEO and President, IMA. Registration for the August 2017 intake of the CMA Preparatory Course is now open. For more course details, please contact Calvin Tan at Calvin.Tan@psb-academy.edu.sg. 1Full report of IMA's 2016 Global Salary Survey: http://sfmagazine.com/post-entry/march-2017-imas-2016-global-salary-survey/ About PSB Academy Productivity is at the heart of PSB Academy. Once known as Singapore's Productivity and Standards Board, PSB Academy is known today as "The Future Academy," with an approach to education that focuses on what really matters: performance in the real-world. In 2016, The Academy was conferred "Best private education institution in Singapore" by the Business Excellence and Research Group, and "Best private institution" for Engineering at the JobsCentral Learning T.E.D Awards. It hosts over 11,000 local and international students in its slate of certificate, diploma, degree and postgraduate programmes every year. PSB Academy voluntarily commissions reputable external research firms to conduct graduate employment surveys as one of several key measures of graduate outcomes. In 2015, idstats research consultancy found that around nine in 10 local/international students found perm/temp employment within six months of graduation; six in 10 benefitted from pay raises and/or career progression; and that graduates took 2.1 months on average to find employment. PSB Academy is situated at two campuses in Singapore: PSB Academy Delta and PSB Academy City Campus at Marina Square. Learn more at: www.psb-academy.edu.sg. Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3127434 Media contacts Melody Uy Email Contact +65 6213 6997 Abigail Ng Email Contact +65 9093 3787 � 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Here’s how much it costs to replace the 59 Tomahawk missiles Trump fired on Syria This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
