Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Market Weather × Top Stories News you need to know for Saturday, April 1 The Tribe is finally feeling the fans' love Cavs gather fans, ban 'trolls' on network Indians taking hard-line stance against brokers Five to watch in sports business Young yet out of time U.S. consumer sentiment remained high in March The Browns can't find a QB, but they're great at producing uniform debates Nordson Corp. wins two patent infringement cases in China SplashLink raises $1 million from investors State awards $1.7 million to local medical startups, university tech fund Business of Beer × Ohio Stock Index About the Index View the Companies × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton The Dish Guest Voices Young Professionals Events Crain's Events Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Nominate Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Crain's Newsmakers of the Year 2016 Business of Beer Who to watch: Education Crain's 52 Eight Over 80 Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Law RNC in CLE Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron Cleveland's lake and river love Current Issue Current issue 2017 EDITORIAL CALENDAR Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries April 01, 2017 Updated The Tribe is finally feeling the fans' love World Series run, Encarnación signing put Indians on pace to reach biz targets By Kevin Kleps Brian Barren, who had spent the previous 24 years at Procter & Gamble, said he asked "a million questions" after he was hired by the Cleveland Indians in January 2014. During his initial foray into the sports industry, Barren, then the Indians' executive vice president of sales and marketing, did a 100-day assessment of the franchise. Despite the Tribe making an American League Wild Card appearance the previous fall, Barren's review wasn't the most optimistic report he had ever put… Morning Roundup Business headlines from Crain's Cleveland Business and other Ohio newspapers — delivered FREE to your inbox every morning. Sign up for the Morning Newsletter. Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton The Dish Guest Voices Young Professionals Events Crain's Events Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Nominate Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Crain's Newsmakers of the Year 2016 Business of Beer Who to watch: Education Crain's 52 Eight Over 80 Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Law RNC in CLE Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron Cleveland's lake and river love Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Crain Content Studio Crain Content Studio — Cleveland Cleveland's Pulse Giving Guide HR: Resources, Growth and Performance Connect Contact us 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Customer service Advertise Subscription services Reprints Classifieds Email newsletters Send letters to the editor Crain's Cleveland Business Staff People on the Move This Week's Issue March 26, 2017 Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Watch: Vicks’ new ad about daughter’s love for her transgender mother will melt your heart Watch: Vicks’ new ad about daughter’s love for her transgender mother will melt your heart P&G brand Vicks' has come out with an attempt to spread awareness on two major issues of the society including adoption and transgender rights. By: FE Online | Updated: April 1, 2017 1:09 AM P&G brand Vicks’ has come out with an attempt to spread awareness on two major issues of the society including adoption and transgender rights. (Source: Youtube) In its unique advertisement titled ‘Touch of Care’, P&G brand Vicks’ has come out with an attempt to spread awareness on two major issues of the society including adoption and transgender rights. The healthcare brand has crafted a 3 minutes advertisement that is bound to melt your heart and is going to stay in your memories for a little more than usual. The entire advertisement centers an emotional bonding of a daughter with her ‘not-biological’ mother. But that was not all – until later on in the spot we discover the whole story. The ad, created by Publicis Singapore aimed to tap the Indian market, is narrated by a girl named Gayatri, who describes how she was a parentless child and was then adopted. She describes how her mother, Gauri, loved and cared for her. Gauri pushes her daughter academically to make her a successful doctor. The ad also shows how they love spending time, eating their favourite food and watching horror movies together. Watch the advertisement here: Directed by Neeraj Ghaywan, the climax of the spot becomes more beautiful, as finally it shows the mother, revealing that she is a transgender. Her daughter Gayatri too tells her mother that she wants to be a lawyer, not a doctor. The reason behind her decision to become a lawyer lies on the fact that just like her mother, other such transgenders in the country are denied ‘basic human rights’ and how she wants to help them. The spot is part of a campaign aimed at making people aware about the importance of family care with a slightly different idea that focuses on various challenges faced by transgenders and orphans in today’s contemporary society. This is not for the first time that the healthcare group has picked up the issues faced by the transgender community in the country. P&G’s tea brand Brooke Bond Red Label, in 2016, bagged the Grand Prix award at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity for presenting an eye-opening work on The Six Pack Band. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Chopper fares to Vaishno Devi shrine comes down from today New weapon in war against radiation-induced lung disease Truckers start indefinite strike to protest premium hike Thank Nitin Gadkari for aggressive MLA buying: Digvijaya Singh to Goa CM Manohar Parrikar How food crises are haunting globe M K Stalin threatens to launch anti-Hindi movement across Tamil Nadu Heat wave to cool over weekend in North India Aung Suu Kyi's new government faces first test at Myanmar polls White House was wrong for withholding intelligence documents: Lawmaker Donald Trump signs twin executive orders targeting trade 'cheaters' Mercury touches new high in Uttarakhand, breaks records set 25 years back Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News आज से ई-टिकट सस्ता...और भी बदल गया बहुत कुछ...जान लीजिए दिग्विजय सिंह का मनोहर पर्रिकर पर पलटवार, कहा - शर्म करो, आप सत्ता के भूखे हो, माफी मांगो बिहार में 6 हफ्तों में सील किए जाएंगे 7 अवैध बूचड़खाने, पटना हाई कोर्ट ने दिया आदेश Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Consumer Last Modified: Fri, Mar 31 2017. 11 41 AM IST Vicks’ heartwarming ad takes a stand on trans motherhood Vicks’ latest digital film, ‘Touch of Care’, explore the sensitive topic of transgender rights in India Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Saumya Tewari A still grab from Vicks’ latest digital film, ‘Touch of Care’. New Delhi: P&G owned cold and cough brand Vicks’ advertising has been synonymous with motherhood and care. The brand’s latest digital film titled Touch of Care takes a more inclusive approach highlighting why family and motherhood should go beyond the biological ties and in the process it touches upon a sensitive topic of transgender rights in India. Uploaded on Vicks India’s YouTube channel on 30 March, it has garnered over 5.3 lakh views so far. Made by advertising agency Publicis Singapore and directed by Neeraj Ghaywan, the film opens with a young girl named Gayatri who is on her way to a boarding school as her mother wants her to become a doctor. She proudly narrates her life journey on how she was adopted by a strong self-made woman who is raising her against all odds. At this point, she introduces the viewer to her mother who turns out to be a transgender. Teary-eyed Gayatri looks at her mother when she drops her off at the school and reveals her ambition to become a lawyer because she wants to fight for the rights of her mother. The film ends revealing that the identity of the mother—a Mumbai-based transgender rights activist Gauri Sawant. “We want consumers to recognise that everyone has a right to family and that wherever there is care, that bond is a family. This bond can be between people who are close to each other and go beyond just biological ties. Vicks has therefore adopted this bold and progressive stance—that above all else, it is care that is the ultimate definition of what a family is,” said a spokesperson from P&G. The film will be promoted across digital as well as social media channels. Ed Booty, chief strategy officer, Publicis Communications, Asia-Pacific, said, “Great brands don’t just reflect safe and accepted norms, instead they dare to set agendas in culture at large. That is our ambition with this work for Vicks—to give the timeless idea of Family Care a fresh and contemporary meaning.” This is not the first time transgender community has been highlighted in a brand campaign. Brooke Bond Red Label created a Six Pack Band video, India’s first transgender band, which not only stood out for its theme of inclusivity but also managed to bag the highest creative recognition in the ad world, the Cannes Grand Prix last year. In 2014, Star India Network’s-owned music channel Channel V along with Ogilvy Mumbai launched a public service campaign Seatbelt Crew where a group of hijras dressed as plane’s cabin crew enacted the message of road safety. Noting that the Vicks campaign has been executed well allowing viewers to empathize with the protagonists, Prathap Suthan, chief creative officer and managing partner, Bang in the Middle, believes that such campaigns are often judged for being attention seeking ploy. “And that this is becoming a trend with many brands. But I would like to complement the agency and the brand for using the real life story of Gauri Sawant to deepen sensitivity and trying to reduce social stigma,” he said. However, Suthan feels that despite its strong plot the campaign does not have a seamless brand fit. “There is a disconnect between the perceived stature and place of the brand in our lives to the deep rooted issue it is bringing up and getting linked to. It’s a more than bit of a stretch to see this as a natural area of concern for Vicks. Brands need to judge how well they fit with the cause they want to support,” he added. Saumya Tewari Topics: Trans motherhood Vicks Gauri Sawant Trans Gender Advertisement More From Livemint READ MORE India to grow at 7.7% in 2018, emerging markets face newer challenges: Jaitley US exports to India encounter barriers: Trump administration Trump’s US administration seeks quick action to unblock travel ban order First Published: Fri, Mar 31 2017. 11 39 AM IST Editor's Picks BS-III vehicles nearly sold out, say dealers New ITR forms notified, details of cash deposits above Rs2 lakh, Aadhaar mandatory Aadhaar to be mandatory for driving licence, vehicle registration: Gadkari Latest News India to grow at 7.7% in 2018, emerging markets face newer challenges: Jaitley US exports to India encounter barriers: Trump administration Trump’s US administration seeks quick action to unblock travel ban order Japan sanctions Rs8,600 crore loan for Mumbai trans-harbour link Shell plans to double Hazira LNG plant capacity: India head Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
× Limited offer | FREE How Long is Now? book when you SUBSCRIBE HERE today! New Scientist SUBSCRIBE AND SAVE 48% MANAGE MY ACCOUNT STUDENT Schools and universities GIVE A GIFT MENU HOME NEWS TECHNOLOGY SPACE PHYSICS HEALTH EARTH HUMANS LIFE TOPICS EVENTS JOBS Subscribe SEARCH LOG IN Email address Password Connect with: Facebook Google Create an account Forgotten password Activate/Link subscription OpenAthens login Advertisement Advertisement Home Regulars Feedback 13 April 1996 The Last Word — on shaving foam Close shave This article is being made free to view thanks to sponsorship from P&G Q: What function does shaving foam perform during a wet shave, and why is a similar product not necessary for shaving with an electric razor? A: The razor blade’s efficiency to cut increases with the wetness of the hair. Shaving foam or gel increases this wetness, making the blade’s task easier. Also, the razor must glide over the skin without cutting it. Most hand razors have strips on either side of the blade to help this gliding action, but the foam or gel also eases this movement. Advertisement It is possible to dry shave with a razor, and you may experience this when you visit a barber. He may get out a blade and trim the back of your hair or your sideburns without gel or foam— although he won’t do this to your beard, as this hair is thicker and requires the wetting/lubricating effect described above. In dry shaving with an electric razor, a completely different mechanism is at work. The gliding action is produced by the metallic grid covering the blades, which stops the moving parts abrading the skin. This set-up also allows the hairs to protrude through the grid, exposing them to the cutting mechanism, and it works on the principle of shearing rather than simply cutting like a razor blade. The shear force is created by the grid (and the skin) which holds one end of the hair in place while the mechanism moves sideways, trapping the hair between grid and blade. A shear is created, similar to the action of scissors on paper, and the hair is chopped. A brittle hair is more likely to succumb to this action, which means a wetting and lubricating effect is actually a hindrance. So a wet shave is ideal for blade shaving, whereas a dry shave is ideal for electric shaving. David Aldridge Cobham, Surrey A: I once read an interview with a scientist from Gillette, the American shaving cream manufacturer, who explained that a razor can cut wet hair more easily than dry hair. The only purpose of the shaving cream, he said, was to hold the water. Hair gets its maximum saturation in water after about two minutes, he added. I was in the habit of shaving every morning before I took a shower, but I was too impatient to wait two minutes after applying the cream. It struck me that, instead of shaving first, I should simply wait until I had finished showering and my beard would be fully saturated. I reasoned that I should be able to shave then, without using any shaving cream. I tried it, and got the cleanest, smoothest shave I ever had in my life. I have never used shaving cream since. I apologise to Gillette if the honesty of their scientist results in reduced sales. Norman Bauman New York, US A: I have concluded the most prized function of shaving foam is to indicate the bits unrazed. Anthony Swain Oldham, Lancashire Simply yellow Q: I read that this autumn (1995), the colour of the leaves on deciduous trees was predominantly yellow rather than red. Is there some seasonal effect that influences the colour of the pigments in leaves after the chlorophyll has broken down? A: Quite a detailed account of the chemistry of autumn colours was given in the October 1986 edition of the American Chemical Society journal for high school students, Chem Matters. Briefly, in addition to their green chlorophyll pigment, leaves also contain a yellow carotenoid pigment, but this colour is masked by the green for much of the year. The amount of both pigments depends on the amount of photosynthesis that has taken place. So a long hot summer with bright, sunny days well into September will result in a high concentration of both pigments. But this is only true if there is also an adequate supply of water, which may not have been the case everywhere in 1995. As autumn approaches, the protein to which the chlorophyll is bound breaks down into amino acids, which are transported to the roots for storage. Having lost its protein, the chlorophyll also breaks down, revealing the carotenoid pigments. The better the summer, the more carotenoids and the brighter the yellow colours. During photosynthesis sugars are produced in the leaf, which are used to form new wood throughout most of the summer. In autumn, however, the sugars are also transported to the roots for winter storage. As the nights get colder (below about 10 °C) the sugar solution may become too viscous to move to the roots, so when the leaf is finally sealed off during autumn by the formation of a layer of cork cells, some sugar solution may remain. This sugar is turned into anthocyanins, the red pigment of autumn leaves. There will be fewer anthocyanins if warm autumn evenings allow the sugar to be sent to the roots. So a hot summer followed by a warm autumn leads to strong yellow colours, but fewer reds. Peter Borrows Epping, Essex In the dumps Q: Why do cooked dumplings float while uncooked ones remain close to the bottom of the pot? A: The reason that dumplings float once they are cooked relates to the presence of baking powder. Usually dumplings are made with plain flour and a large quantity of baking powder. When the mixture is placed into boiling water, the baking powder decomposes to liberate carbon dioxide. This becomes trapped within the dough matrix—held together with the gluten in the flour—and therefore provides buoyancy for the dumplings. You could try making them without any raising agent to see if they remained sunken but I would not advise eating them. However, this cannot be the only explanation because if you cook meatballs, these too only float once they have been properly cooked and yet they contain no raising agent whatsoever. David Hauton Dover, Kent A: The object of putting raising agents in dumpling dough is to make them lighter when they are cooked. They do this by producing gases in the presence of water or heat. This causes them to become less dense during cooking, and they float. The practice of beating dumpling dough, or of incorporating beaten egg white would also produce this effect: the air spaces that became incorporated in the dough would expand during heating and make it less dense. However, old, cold dumplings can become waterlogged if you leave them in soup. They become more dense and, sadly, return to the bottom of the pot. Alan Scott Lewes, East Sussex This week’s questions Sealed in light: When I am opening some types of self-sealing envelopes I notice that there is a purple fluorescent effect within the gum. It only lasts for a very short time, but can be repeated if I reseal the envelope and pull apart again. What causes this effect? Stewart Duguid Edinburgh Live wire: Where does the force come from when you are thrown horizontally across a room after touching a live electrical connection? I thought there was a reaction to every action, but there is no obvious push from the electricity. John Davies Ahmadi, Kuwait Advertisement Magazine issue 2025, published 13 April 1996 Download Buy In Print Subscribe Previous article Hooked on the Net Next article Review : Certainty surveyed Advertisement Sign up to our newsletter Enter your email address to get started Contact us FAQ About us Who’s who Advertise with us Advertise jobs with us Privacy and terms Write for us Science jobs Dating Shop RSS feeds Syndication information Events Travel The Collection Subscribe Account settings Gift subscriptions Student subscriptions Educational subscriptions Corporate subscriptions © Copyright Reed Business Information Ltd. Back to top
Sections News Black History Month Obituaries State Courts/Police Data Center Business Stocks Election Coughlin School Work: Wilkes-Barre Area projects Veterans Graduation Amazing Kids Sports Olympics Varsity Voice Varsity570 Gameface RailRiders Penguins College Triathlon Hooper Award Classic Wildlife Penn State National Sports Arts & Living Bazaars Community JumpStart! Calendar Games People Food and Drink Schools Hot Shot Couponing Festivals Blogs Penn State Blog RailRiders Varsity Voice Penguins Insider College Corner Take 2 Blog Editor's Note Photo Blog Wildlife Blog Facebook The Citizens' Voice CV Sports JumpStart! Pittston Progress NEPA Bazaars Submit Send in community announcements, new tips, weddings, engagements and anniversaries Opinion Editorials Letters Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Contact Presspass Become a carrier Trial Print Subscriptions Print Advertising Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace e-Edition Subscribe READ THE CITIZENS' VOICE Access the Citizens' Voice e-Edition on your computer or smart device in its original print format. Home delivery subscribers can read it free! Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Citizens' Voice on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at citizensvoice.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. News • Obituaries • Sports • Arts & Living • Opinion • Contact • e-Edition • Classifieds Kidney donation gives Father's Day a special meaning Got a news tip? We welcome readers’ input. Send your story ideas or news tips here. (read more) POLL Do you like the idea of building an aquarium at the Marketplace at Steamtown? Sure, why not? No, not at all. Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Facebook Like us to get local news and more delivered to your news feed. (read more) Tweets by @CitizensVoice Most Read Recent Comments State Supreme Court disbars Kingston attorney Police searching for two drivers in fatal hit-and-run crash Remodeling, more games in the works for Mohegan Sun Pocono Hanover Area to offer buyouts to employees Police seize cocaine, several arrested after investigation Obituaries Burns, Theresa O. Colianni, Deborah A. Garboczi, Dorothy J. Knopp, Charles P. Macarelli, Claire Petrini Miller, Donald R. Miner, Beth (Boylan) Strosser-Thomas, Linda Walsh, Philip L. Wisneski Sr., Anthony J. (Digger) By Denise Allabaugh (staff writer) / Published: June 19, 2011 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Dr. Chintalapati Varma discusses the kidney transplant surgery he performed on Duryea resident Joseph Mies. From left, are Varma, Joseph Mies and Robert Mies. Warren Ruda / The Citizens' Voice Duryea resident Joseph Mies gave his father the ultimate gift: his kidney. As he celebrates Father's Day today at a cook-out at his home with his father Robert and family, Joseph Mies said he knows he already gave his father the greatest gift by donating his kidney during a transplant at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center in Plains Township. PLAINS TWP. - Duryea resident Joseph Mies gave his father the ultimate gift: his kidney. As he celebrates Father's Day today at a cook-out at his home with his father Robert and family, Joseph Mies said he knows he already gave his father the greatest gift, the gift of life, by offering his kidney in a transplant at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center in Plains Township in August last year. He said this Father's Day is extra special for him because his father is still here. "We had never been overt about expressing our love. We aren't like that, but this is a good way to say, 'I love you, Dad'," he said during an interview Friday in the transplant department in Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center with his father and mother, Angie. Robert Mies, 74, a Wright Township resident who worked at Procter and Gamble in Mehoopany for more than 30 years, suffered inflammation of his kidneys and began to develop problems five years ago. When his kidneys failed, he underwent dialysis treatment three times a week to replace his kidneys' functions. He said he had infections and other trouble from dialysis treatments, which remove waste products and excess fluids from the bloodstream. "Maybe dialysis is good for some people, but it was horrible for me," he said. "I guess other people can take it better. It was absolute misery for me." Robert Mies has two other children, Bob and Judy Sedlak, and nine grandchildren. When doctors suggested a kidney transplant as a treatment option, all his children and others were willing to give up a kidney for him but his son Joseph matched and his father was relieved his son fit the criteria. "He was willing. I couldn't ask anyone to do that," Mies said. Ten months after the kidney transplant, Mies said he's doing is great, but he continues to take several medications. "I take my puppy for walks and go fishing and I do all my own yard work," he said. Joseph Mies, 48, a married father of three who owns USA Sports in Scranton, a distributor of sports nutrition and health products, also is doing well. He said he wanted to donate his kidney after seeing that dialysis wasn't an option anymore for his father. "As bad as dialysis was, it really wasn't an option," he said. "We were praying about it and hoping that we were a match." The Mies family will join more than 900 other families on Friday at a picnic at Knoebels Grove Amusement Park hosted by Geisinger for transplant patients. Geisinger Medical Center in Danville has conducted 1,109 transplants since 1981, while Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center has performed 63 kidney transplants since 2006, said spokesman Matt Van Stone. Drs. Chintalapati Varma and Manish Gupta performed the Mies' kidney transplant procedure. Joseph Mies said he was thankful they were able to do this procedure close to home. "We just had to go right here," he said. "I was in one room and he was in another and they took my kidney and brought it over to him. We were thrilled with the care we got. Four days later, I was home. Six days later, I was feeling better. In two or three weeks, I was back to work. Two or three days after I got home, I felt good and my dad was good and it all worked out." Varma said family members are the preferred choice for transplant donors and transplants can be a better treatment option when kidneys fail than dialysis, he said. "There is a big advantage to having live donors," Varma said. "Nobody wants to be on dialysis. When you're on dialysis, you're getting needles stuck in you. You can get hypertension, feel nauseated and have cramps. When you have to sit there for hours, you're miserable. Now, he can lead a normal life." dallabaugh@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2115 We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 75 N. Washington St. Wilkes-Barre, PA 18701 (570) 821-2000 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Citizens' Voice PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND WILKES-BARRE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Saturday | April 01, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Apr 01, 10:45 am Fazal ur rehman shows displeasure on Tahir Ashrafi's presence during media talk Apr 01, 10:37 am Fire erupts in Landhi export processing zone Apr 01, 09:45 am Kashmiris incensed as Indian troops make children do situps Apr 01, 09:31 am Chicago police to saturate neighborhood where 7 killed Apr 01, 09:12 am UN urges new efforts to defeat Boko Haram and tackle hunger Apr 01, 08:38 am Paraguay rioters set fire to Congress after Senate re-election vote   US-Pakistan Women’s Council mobilises female talent April 01, 2017 SHARE : SHAFQAT ALI Tweet Islamabad - US Ambassador to Pakistan David Hale Friday said that the US-Pakistan Women’s Council was a model of assistance that mobilised female talent. The US envoy met with over 60 Pakistani women entrepreneurs, corporate executives, and capacity-building organisations at the US embassy for a Supply Chain Diversity Expo hosted by the US Pakistan Women’s Council and Women’s Entrepreneurial Center of Resources, Education, Access, and Training for Economic Empowerment Pakistan known as WECREATE.  Ambassador Hale congratulated the entrepreneurs on starting businesses and urged them to continue to inspire others with their creativity and determination.  He also recognised WECREATE/Pakistan and USPWC Corporate Member Companies, including Proctor and Gamble, The Resource Group, Engro, PepsiCo, General Electric, Citibank and The Coca-Cola Company for providing women-owned businesses the opportunity to market their products and services to industry leaders. Ambassador Hale said the US-Pakistan Women’s Council builds international economic ties, and promotes economic growth and social stability, “all of which benefit both Pakistan and America.” Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo briefed the entrepreneurs on their procurement processes and offered to help interested female suppliers connect with relevant procurement teams in their companies.  During this session, Procter & Gamble’s Communication Manager, Claudia Manuel, said: “When Pakistani women succeed, we all win.” USPWC intends to facilitate continuing connections through its networking platform and working with TRG to host a second supply chain diversity event in Karachi later this year. Women entrepreneurs attending the event had received training at WECREATE/Pakistan, and the Lahore University of Management Sciences through the US Embassy-supported Pakistan Women Entrepreneur Program managed in partnership with American University.  Participants from the World Bank’s WomenX entrepreneurship training programme, conducted with the advisory firm Enclude at the Government College University, also took part in the event. The Expo is the second in a series of events planned under the USPWC supply chain diversity initiative, which aims to help women-owned businesses access sustainable markets by linking them with corporate procurement representatives.  The first of these events occurred in April 2016 at Packages Limited in Lahore.  This news was published in The Nation newspaper. Read complete newspaper of 01-Apr-2017 here. Tweet More by SHAFQAT ALI RELATED NEWS February 10, 2013 PPP mobilises district bodies for seats adjustment June 11, 2012 N mobilises hundreds against outages September 30, 2011 CM mobilises primary healthcare facilities April 11, 2010 Army mobilises 50,000 troops for biggest-ever war games MORE IN ISLAMABAD April 01, 2017 NCHD staff protests non-implementation of IHC verdict April 01, 2017 Notorious gangster among nine suspects netted April 01, 2017 Millennial Olympiad 2017 starts at Roots April 01, 2017 Boy commits suicide Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented PEMRA imposes 5-day ban on Geo Pakistan for 'indecent ... At least 22 dead in blast outside Parachinar imambargah PM launching Green Line bus service for Karachi in May Imran discusses 'various issues' with COAS Bajwa At least 22 dead in blast outside Parachinar imambargah Dar leaves to join IMF consultations in Dubai Sherjeel Memmon approaches SHC for removal of name from ... 'Corruption is root cause of all evils' LATEST COMMENTS neutral His arrest will not yield nothing. The whole Karachi population and specially the common man, is suffering due to overbilling by KE and for a long time even defying Court Orders. Eddied the stupidity of a civil government deciding who is a Muslim and who is not continues to cause problems since this mistake was first made in 1974...When will Pakistan get past these very bad decisions... Eddied these fanatics who pursue blasphemy accusations are wasting the time and resources of the courts...there are real criminals out there who are killing people in the name of Islam?...what is the court d... More On Page 13 ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS neutral His arrest will not yield nothing. The whole Karachi population and specially the common man, is suffering due to overbilling by KE and for a long time even defying Court Orders. Eddied the stupidity of a civil government deciding who is a Muslim and who is not continues to cause problems since this mistake was first made in 1974...When will Pakistan get past these very bad decisions... Eddied these fanatics who pursue blasphemy accusations are wasting the time and resources of the courts...there are real criminals out there who are killing people in the name of Islam?...what is the court d... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
DailyTimes | US envoy assures assistance to women entrepreneurs in business expansion Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives US envoy assures assistance to women entrepreneurs in business expansion By:   Online 01-Apr-17 410 Top News Pacquiao-Horn fight in the pipeline 01-Apr-17 57 MANILA: Philippines boxing ico ... Khurshid Shah reviews Sukkur development schemes 01-Apr-17 199 KHAIRPUR: The meeting of he di ... ISLAMABAD: American Ambassador David Hale had a meeting with 60 Pakistani women entrepreneurs, corporate executives and representatives of capacity-building organisations at the US Embassy for a supply chain diversity expo hosted by the US-Pakistan Women's Council (USPWC) and WECREATE Pakistan. Ambassador Hale congratulated the entrepreneurs on starting businesses and urged them to continue to inspire others with their creativity and determination. He also recognised WECREATE Pakistan and USPWC corporate member companies, including Proctor and Gamble, TRG, Engro, PepsiCo, General Electric, Citibank and The Coca-Cola Company, for providing women-owned businesses the opportunity to market their products and services to industry leaders. "The US-Pakistan Women's Council is a model of assistance that mobilises female talent, builds international economic ties and promotes economic growth and social stability, all of which benefit both Pakistan and America," said Hale. Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo representatives briefed the entrepreneurs on their procurement processes and offered to help interested female suppliers connect with relevant procurement teams in their companies. During this session, Procter & Gamble's Communication Manager Claudia Manuel said, "When Pakistani women succeed, we all win." The USPWC intends to facilitate continuing connections through its networking platform and working with TRG to host a second supply chain diversity event in Karachi later this year. Women entrepreneurs attending the event had received training at WECREATE and Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS) through the US Embassy-supported Pakistan Women Entrepreneur Programme (PWEP), managed in partnership with the American University. The participants from the World Bank's WomenX entrepreneurship training programme, conducted with Enclude at the Government College University, also took part in the event. The expo is the second in a series of events planned under the USPWC supply chain diversity initiative, which aims at helping women-owned businesses access sustainable markets by linking them with corporate procurement representatives. The first of these events took place in April 2016 at Packages Limited in Lahore. Sunday Magazine sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Investor Details Contact us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions © 2017 DailyTimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Today: April 1, 2017, 9:03 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Business "Global Scented Candles Market 2017-2021" now available at Fast Market Research Recently published research from TechNavio, "Global Scented Candles Market 2017-2021", is now available at Fast Market Research PR-Inside.com: 2017-03-31 19:08:55 Scented candles refer to candles that have synthetic or natural scented material blended into them to provide a pleasant smell while burning. Scented candles provide a relaxing environment as a result of the fragrances released while burning. The high sales of scented candles can be attributed to a rapid surge in internet penetration, which has helped connect sellers and buyers. This has increased the sales opportunity for scented candle providers, along with providing options for consumers to choose from a broad range of products. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global scented candles market to grow at a CAGR of 5.88% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global scented candles market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from sales of scented candles used for massage purpose (includes applications in medical and intimacy industries) by end-users such as individuals and spas. Full Report Details at - www.fastmr.com/prod/1272619_global_scented_candles_2017.aspx?afi .. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: * Americas * APAC * EMEA Technavio's report, Global Scented Candles Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors * California Exotic Novelties * P&G * LELO * Reckitt Benckiser Other prominent vendors * Gellite Gel Candles * Himalayan Trading Post * Bath & Body Works * TATINE * CoScentrix * diptyque * Lee Naturals * Magnolia Scents by Design * Mels Candles * Net-a-Porter * Northern Lights Candles * Paddywax * Southern Made Candles * Soy Works Candle Company * Stand Around Creations * The Gel Candle Company * The Yankee Candle Company Market driver * Change in consumer perspectives. * For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge * Side effects of toxic materials in products. * For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend * Increase in popularity of DIY method and localization of oil ingredient sourcing. * For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report * What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? * What are the key market trends? * What is driving this market? * What are the challenges to market growth? * Who are the key vendors in this market space? * What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? * What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned in this Report: California Exotic Novelties, P&G, LELO, Reckitt Benckiser, Gellite Gel Candles, Himalayan Trading Post, Bath & Body Works, TATINE, CoScentrix, diptyque, Lee Naturals, Magnolia Scents by Design, Mels Candles, Net-a-Porter, Northern Lights Candles, Paddywax, Southern Made Candles, Soy Works Candle Company, Stand Around Creations, The Gel Candle Company, The Yankee Candle Company TechNavio TechNavio is a leading technology research and advisory company with a global coverage. They focus on emerging technology trends that can shape the market, identify and explain these trends to their customers to help them make better decisions. View more research from TechNavio at www.fastmr.com/catalog/publishers.aspx?pubid=1050&afid=701 About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world's top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156 (1.413.485.7001 Int'l) Press Information Published by Bill Thompson 18008448156 e-mail www.fastmr.com # 648 Words Related Articles More From The Author Global Ambient (Canned) Pasta (Pasta & Noodles) [..] "Global Ambient (Canned) Pasta (Pasta & Noodles) Market - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics" is [..] Computers & Tablets - New Market Study [..] "Computers & Tablets" report offers comprehensive insight and analysis of the UK market, the major players, the main [..] "Global Chilled Noodles (Pasta & Noodles) Market" [..] "Global Chilled Noodles (Pasta & Noodles) Market - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics" is [..] Global Skin Packaging Market 2017-2021 : New [..] Global skin packaging market is classified into two types: Carded and non-carded. Carded skin packaging consists of a piece of [..] Market Report, "The European Crash Repair Parts [..] "The European Crash Repair Parts Market 2012 - 2020: Market size, market forecast and recommendations”, a Trend Report by [..]   More From Business Mandalay Resources Corporation Announces Filing of Annual [..] Mandalay Resources Corporation Announces Filing of Annual Information Form and Updated NI 43-101 Technical Reports for Its Costerfield [..] Announcement by ARYZTA AG regarding a directorate [..] ARYZTA AG / Announcement by ARYZTA AG regarding a directorate change . Processed and transmitted by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions. The issuer [..] Erste Group Bank AG selects Nasdaq's BWise [..] VIENNA, Austria and NEW YORK, March 31, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nasdaq BWise (Nasdaq:NDAQ), a global leader in enterprise Governance, [..] Odfjell SE: Annual report 2016   Please find enclosed the Annual Report 2016 for Odfjell SE. The digital edition is available here, and printed copies [..] Orange Belgium : Notice of a general [..] Orange Belgium Investor Relations For the full PDF version, please click here below: AGM 2017 - FRAGM 2017 - NLAGM [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Did Tide's Super Bowl Stain Stunt Pay Off? 2 hours ago Array 0 Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago Array 0 Coke Takes Over From Pepsi as MLB Sponsor By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Samsung, Acer, Travelocity and More 5 hours ago Array 0 Snapchat's New Search System Sifts Through 1 Million Stories By Garett Sloane - 7 hours ago Array 0 Video: Did Tide's Super Bowl Stain Stunt Pay Off? 2 hours ago 0 Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're OK for Brands By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago 0 Snapchat's New Search System Sifts Through 1 Million Stories By Garett Sloane - 7 hours ago 0 The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong By Andy Ball - 10 hours ago 0 Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo - 14 hours ago 0 Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo - 13 hours ago 0 It's 'Food, Not Boobs' in Carl's Jr. and Hardees' Brand Refresh By Ann-Christine Diaz - 2 days ago 0 As YouTube Tinkers With Ad Formula, Its Stars See Their Videos Lose Money By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Digital Advertising Tops TV in the U.S. for the First Time By Jeanine Poggi - 2 days ago 0 Lowdown: Nestle Is Latest to Pause Google Spending - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands By Garett Sloane. Published on March 31, 2017. Most Popular Omnicom has developed a safety program for YouTube that could reassure some of the major advertisers currently on hiatus from the video site. The media holding company said the program could review hundreds of thousands of videos daily and ensure that they are appropriate for brands to advertise near. Machines and in some cases people will review YouTube content and score it for brand safety before putting it on the whitelist. Omnicom said it would also make more data available to brands regarding videos on YouTube. Omnicom Media Group represents clients like AT&T, Pepsi and Procter & Gamble, which were among hundreds of advertisers that froze spending on YouTube because of concerns about the type of content. "We're building this from the ground up," said Jon Anselmo, Omnicom's chief digital officer. "These are whitelisted pools of inventory that we can say with extremely high confidence are safe for clients." "Scores will be determined by utilizing AI and will be built upon public and non-public meta data that had previously been unavailable to advertisers," Omnicom said in an e-mailed statement. The program was just released, so Mr. Anselmo couldn't say what if any advertisers would return to YouTube through it. The process inverts the way that YouTube has typically handled content: letting users post oceans of video inventory and punishing bad content as it is detected. Related Stories The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong As YouTube Tinkers With Ad Formula, Its Stars See Their Videos Lose Money Who Wins and Who Loses in YouTube's Falling Out With Brands "When you're talking about almost infinite pools of inventory, the historic approach has been the elimination of bad seeds," Mr. Anselmo said. "That's never going to be sufficient." Earlier this week, Omnicom rival WPP said it would work with Open Slate, the video ad tech firm, to whitelist YouTube channels for its advertiser clients. Open Slate scores videos and helps brands decide which channels are worth their money. The company says it sorts through hundreds of millions of videos, and millions of channels, to come up with a select group of 850,000 channels that advertisers should even consider. "If you're running ads on YouTube and you're only targeting audience without consideration for content, you can run across any one of 320 million videos," said Mike Henry, Open Slate's CEO. "Advertisers didn't realize that the responsibility largely rest on their shoulders." YouTube's ad problems stemmed from advertisers that were looking for the cheapest ad space without regard for content. Its ecoystem was called out in March for allowing some ads to run on terrorist videos. Then more advertisers were alerted to content that wasn't violent or criminal, but was still not desirable. YouTube is coming up with its own solutions, with stricter policies regarding its community of creators and which videos can be made available for ads. It's also giving more tools to brands to control where their ads run. Ad agencies and tech firms are taking advantage of the spotlight, finding new purpose for their services as advisors to the brands. ~ ~ ~ CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article erroneously said Omnicom was basing its brand safety program on newly available data from YouTube, but it actually makes new use of data that was already available from YouTube. In this article: A.I. Ad Tech Agencies Digital Digital Video Mobile Search Social Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Follow @triplepundit 47.6k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit New Economy & Social Innovation Global Forum – With 3p Discount! NESI Forum 2017 is the unique Global Forum on New Economy and Social Innovation that brings together for the first time in history the main international representatives of the so-called New Economic Movements (NEMs). [REGISTER HERE] April 19-22: Malaga Spain Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit 3p Weekend: These Consumer Engagement Campaigns Prove Companies Still Care by Mary Mazzoni on Friday, Mar 31st, 2017 Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) With a busy week behind you and the weekend within reach, there’s no shame in taking things a bit easy on Friday afternoon. With this in mind, every Friday TriplePundit will give you a fun, easy read on a topic you care about. So, take a break from those endless email threads, and spend five minutes catching up on the latest trends in sustainability and business. H&M educates customers about its conscious cotton line prominently at checkout. It also offers an industry-leading recycling program for customers. With the atmosphere in Washington shifting decidedly away from sustainability, it’s easy to assume most American companies will follow suit. In reality, 60 percent of firms with revenues greater than $1 billion said the Donald Trump administration will have “no impact” on their sustainability strategies. And these consumer engagement campaigns tell us companies don’t plan to stop putting funds behind environmental stewardship, diversity and sustainable development. Let’s all breathe a small sigh of relief. Kashi rallies shoppers around organics Last year Kellogg subsidiary Kashi — known best for cereals and snack bars — made waves for its choice to establish a transitional organic label. It’s expensive for farmers to go organic. And it takes at least three years — a so-called ‘transition period’ — for certifications to go through. During this time, farmers are making costly improvements to their practices without being paid more for their wares. Kashi and Quality Assurance International cited this gap as a major barrier that prevents small farmers from going organic. With transitional organic certification, farmers can begin charging more for their crops as they make steps toward that coveted USDA seal. The company says supporting transitional organic products will help the market catch up with demand — and make it easier to source organic ingredients. Kashi released its second product containing transitional ingredients last month. And executives say they hope the expanding product line can engage customers around organic agriculture. “Kashi has a role to play in promoting dialogue with consumers about the need for more organics,” Nicole Nestojko, senior director of supply chain and sustainability at Kashi, told 3p. “This is the first time consumers can directly support the transition to more organics through their purchases.” Peet’s wants customers to know who grew their coffee Peet’s Coffee is arguably the country’s first high-end coffee chain. They’ve served up high-quality and fairly-traded brews since 1966. And many of the same smallholder coffee-farming collectives still work with the company to this day. Its latest initiative, People and Planet, seeks to engage customers around the work the company is already doing to support coffee farmers. The People and Planet line includes nine coffees: each from a different region and a different group of farmers. Additional People and Planet coffees will be announced throughout the year, as well as events where Peet’s will invite its customers to engage around the initiative. 3p spoke with Doug Welsh, VP of coffee and ‘Roastmaster’ for Peet’s, to learn more. You can read our coverage here. H&M asks customers to recycle their old clothes Conscious Commerce co-founders Olivia Wilde and Barbara Burchfield collaborated with H&M for a capsule collection made entirely from sustainable materials. The company also rallies customers to recycle their old clothes. Up to 95 percent of the clothing Americans throw away could be reworn or recycled, according to H&M. In 2013, the fast-fashion giant set out to recapture some of those old clothes with a national rollout of its garment collection program. Over the past four years, H&M customers recycled a staggering 32,000 tons of clothing and textiles — which are given new life through rewear or recycling in partnership with I:CO. “Fashion is a resource that can be used again and again,” Anna Gedda, head of sustainability at H&M, told 3p Editor in Chief Jen Boynton when she visited the company’s headquarters in Stockholm last year. “It’s a new way of thinking about fashion.” Boynton is heading back to Sweden to learn more about an exciting new announcement from H&M. Check 3p next week for more details. P&G puts cash behind women’s empowerment Consumer packaged goods giant Procter & Gamble has been busy this year. Along with offering disaster-relief services to communities in Mississippi and Georgia, the company and its brands put philanthropic and advertising dollars behind women’s empowerment. The company’s Pantene hair care brand launched an ad campaign celebrating diversity last week. In its powerful “All Strong Hair Is Beautiful” ad, the company seeks to dispel myths about African American hair — which is often misrepresented in the media and pop culture. “Mass brands, like Pantene, have inadvertently been a part of this pervasive hair bias with a history of advertising showcasing a limited representation of African American hair styles and textures and promoting long, shiny, smooth hair as the pinnacle of hair health and beauty,” the company said in a press release. “Pantene has set out to change this perception and empower all women to embrace their strong and unique hair, because all strong hair is beautiful hair.” P&G’s Always feminine hygiene brand is also active in empowering women and girls. The company launched its #LikeAGirl campaign with an ad spot during the 2014 Super Bowl. The initiative tells young ladies there’s no shame in “playing like a girl” and seeks to build up women’s athletics. As part of the ongoing campaign, Always linked up with Walmart to support 50 girls sports teams in 50 states. The campaign successfully wrapped a few weeks ago, with both companies putting financial backing behind girls teams across the country. Dell educates customers about ocean waste This summer, Dell will be the first company in the electronics industry to make packaging from waste collected at sea. Starting April 30, Dell will begin transitioning its XPS 13 2-in-1 laptop packaging to an alternative made from 25 percent ocean plastic. The packaging will also feature educational information to “raise global awareness” about ocean health, the company said last month. Dell claims its pilot, in partnership with the Lonely Whale Foundation, will prevent 16,000 pounds of plastic from entering the ocean this year. Garnier rallies customers around bathroom recycling… Most Americans have mastered the simple behavior change of tossing beverage and food containers into the recycling bin — at least in neighborhoods where curbside recycling pickup is available. But recycling is more easily forgotten in other rooms of the house. Garnier is out to change that with a campaign to remind customers to recycle those empty shampoo and body wash bottles. Although these bottles are recyclable, up to half of Americans toss them in the trash, according to Garnier. To that end, the personal care products company owned by L’Oréal launched its fittingly-named Rinse, Recycle, Repeat campaign earlier this month. It enlisted a popular YouTuber and DoSomething.org to spread the recycling gospel. And it partnered with TerraCycle on a mail-back disposal solution for customers who don’t have access to curbside recycling. “[The campaign] combines my three favorite things: beauty products, creativity and, most importantly, doing my part to help the environment,” said YouTube star Remi Cruz. “I’m excited to be a part of this campaign, and ready to show young people that there is a fun and easy way to make an impact.” … And so is Johnson & Johnson Garnier is fairly new to the bathroom recycling game. But fellow personal care giant Johnson & Johnson has been at it for years. The company first launched its Care to Recycle campaign back in 2013. After learning most of its customers weren’t recycling in the bathroom, the company put out surveys to find out why. In its 2017 survey, 60 percent of moms confessed they wish they remembered to recycle more. But they also said they would be more likely to recycle in the bathroom if they had a bin there to help them remember. They asked, and J&J answered. The company is partnering with CVS.com to offer free recycling bins with qualifying purchase starting April 9. And customers can translate those recycled bottles into donations for the Student Conservation Association: J&J will donate $1 for every photo uploaded for the SCA through its Donate A Photo app (up to $60,000). The company hopes this animated infographic will spread the news across the Web. As social media addicts would say, #totesadorbz. Based in Philadelphia, Mary Mazzoni is the senior editor of TriplePundit. She is also a freelance journalist with a passion for storytelling and sustainability. Her work has appeared in the Philadelphia Daily News, Earth911, the Huffington Post, Sustainable Brands and the Daily Meal. Mary is a lifelong vegetarian with an interest in climate resilience, clean tech and social justice. You can contact her at mary@triplepundit.com. Follow Mary Mazzoni @mary_mazzoni Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Pakistan Today 15 New Articles today April 1, 2017 Kuwaiti woman held for filming maid attempting suicide India seeks divine intervention to deter spitters! One injured as Khushhal Khan Khattak Express catches fire Major internet providers say will not sell customer browsing histories BOL Media Group launches a new news channel Pakistan valued by many countries, says army chief Fire at Lahore’s Anarkali market injures two, destroys goods worth millions Rain expected in upper parts of Pakistan Pindi polio drive extended Scotland makes formal request to UK for independence vote Blasphemous content: IHC orders to bring bloggers back to Pakistan LAHORE: E paper – April 1, 2017 2nd phase of national census starts in KP, Orakzai Agency EPA completes environmental profile of KP Enrollment of students in schools increased: Maiza Hameed DW Focus Headlines National City Karachi Lahore Islamabad Business Foreign Entertainment Sports Comment Editorials Columns Whites lies Cartoons Editor’s mail Features E-Paper Lahore Karachi Islamabad Paperazzi DNA Epaper theDependent The Dependent Trending Kuwaiti woman held for filming maid attempting suicide - 33 seconds ago India seeks divine intervention to deter spitters! - 5 mins ago One injured as Khushhal Khan Khattak Express catches fire - 13 mins ago Major internet providers say will not sell customer browsing histories - 22 mins ago BOL Media Group launches a new news channel - 27 mins ago US envoy urges USWPC to continue efforts Islamabad11 hours ago BY Staff Report     American Ambassador David Hale met with over 60 Pakistani women entrepreneurs, corporate executives, and capacity-building organizations at the US Embassy for a Supply Chain Diversity Expo hosted by the US Pakistan Women’s Council and WECREATE/Pakistan. Ambassador Hale congratulated the entrepreneurs on starting businesses and urged them to continue to inspire others with their creativity and determination. He also recognized WECREATE/Pakistan and USPWC corporate member companies, including Proctor and Gamble, TRG, Engro, PepsiCo, General Electric, Citibank and The Coca-Cola Company for providing women-owned businesses the opportunity to market their products and services to industry leaders. “The US-Pakistan Women’s Council is a model of assistance that mobilizes female talent, builds international economic ties, and promotes economic growth and social stability, all of which benefit both Pakistan and America,” said Hale. Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo briefed the entrepreneurs on their procurement processes and offered to help interested female suppliers connect with relevant procurement teams in their companies. During this session, Procter & Gamble’s Communication Manager, Claudia Manuel said, “When Pakistani women succeed, we all win.” USPWC intends to facilitate continuing connections through its networking platform and working with TRG to host a second supply chain diversity event in Karachi later this year. Women entrepreneurs attending the event had received training at WECRE ATE/Pakistan, and the Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS) through the US Embassy-supported Pakistan Women Entrepreneur Programme (PWEP) managed in partnership with American University. Participants from the World Bank’s WomenX entrepreneurship training programme, conducted with Enclude at Government College University, also took part in the event. The expo is the second in a series of events planned under the USPWC supply chain diversity initiative, which aims to help women-owned businesses access sustainable markets by linking them with corporate procurement representatives. The first of these events occurred in April 2016 at Packages Limited in Lahore. Share this on WhatsApp Headlines Kuwaiti woman held for filming maid attempting suicide India seeks divine intervention to deter spitters! One injured as Khushhal Khan Khattak Express catches fire Major internet providers say will not sell customer browsing histories BOL Media Group launches a new news channel Pakistan valued by many countries, says army chief Rain expected in upper parts of Pakistan Pindi polio drive extended Scotland makes formal request to UK for independence vote Blasphemous content: IHC orders to bring bloggers back to Pakistan Pakistan Today Islamabad US envoy urges USWPC to continue efforts Site index Pages Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Apps Android iPhone 4 iPhone 5 iPad BlackBerry Social Twitter Facebook Google+ "Dedicated to the legacy of the late Hameed Nizami" Arif Nizami (Editor) 4-Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, Lahore Ph: +92 42 36375963-5 Fax: 042-36298302 Ph: +92 51 2287273 Islamabad, Ph: +92 21 35381208-9 Karachi Email: [email protected] Powered by: Mindblaze Technologies High Performance Product Development Top
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: YouTube Scrambles as Advertisers Object to Questionable Content The video platform loses some of its luster as major advertisers encounter potentially damaging portrayals of their brands. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Mar 31, 2017 at 11:17AM In this segment from Market Foolery, Chris Hill welcomes Motley Fool analysts Jason Moser and Taylor Muckerman to the show as they consider the problems that come with being the largest site in the world for user-generated video. YouTube is algorithmically dependent, but Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has yet to come up with the internal controls that can prevent ads from major partners popping up next to videos with objectionable or offensive content. Keep in mind these are some of the world's biggest companies -- who have begun pulling advertising dollars -- so the question is not a matter of if this problem can be fixed, but how much Google will spend to fix it and how quickly. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on March 27, 2017. Chris Hill: We have to start with a story that's been brewing for a little while. I'll be honest. This is a story, I saw a headline on this a week or two ago, and it registered like, huh, that's interesting, and it continues to balloon. This is the fact that a week ago, Google formally apologized for running customer's ads alongside objectionable videos. We've talked before about YouTube and how important it is in the world of search, and how it's one of the most popular places to search. And you see these stories about, if YouTube was a stand-alone company, it'd be worth somewhere in the neighborhood of $75 billion. Google makes this apology a week ago, and here we are a week later, and I guess, among other things, Jason, probably a reminder that YouTube is a really big place with lots of videos, and therefore it's hard even for the owners to monitor it. The Wall Street Journal had this big story about how Coca-Cola, Microsoft, Amazon, Procter & Gamble, these mainstream brands, are still seeing their ads alongside videos with racist content, anti-Semitic, all of this stuff where the advertisers, rightfully so, say, "I don't want my ads next to that." Jason Moser: Yeah. We're going to hit a point here, sooner or later, it's going to be like you do with your kids, they can say sorry only so many times before you're like, "I get that you're sorry. Just don't do it again. I'm not looking for sorry anymore." So, I think with Google and YouTube, this is obviously something that's a big deal. It's not something that immediately impacts their bottom line. When we talk about the bread and butter for Google's money-making machine, it's search advertising. But, there's a good percentage, close to 20% of that money, comes through advertising with third-party customers. So, when ads go next to objectionable content, of course, those parties are going to express concern, they want to know what's going on, why is this happening, and what are you going to do to make it stop? Because there is no middle ground here. It's just, flat-out, "This is unacceptable, don't let it happen anymore." This is sort of one of those things with this age of automation, as we go more toward automating everything, particularly on the consumer-facing side, I think it's really difficult to ever fall back on the old, "Well, the algorithm did it, it wasn't our fault." Because, ultimately, someone built the algorithm.  I think what Google needs to figure out here is, what is happening to make this happen, and how do they fix it? And whether it is through technology, whether it's through humanizing it a little bit more, and actually bringing on more people to add a human touch to these customer relationships, they need to do something with this before this gets out of hand. We've talked about this a lot, especially in MDP, we own shares of Alphabet, and we own shares of Facebook (NASDAQ:FB): We own a far larger position in Facebook, and part of the reason for that is, when you look at the direction things are headed in social, and in internet behavior, there's no question that Facebook is becoming a place, not just Facebook, but its properties, whether it's WhatsApp or Instagram or whatever properties they buy in the future, that's a place where eyeballs go to hang out for a while. Google is more utilitarian in nature, right? You need some information, you find it on Google, and you go to your next place. Facebook is catching up very quickly. They've expressed some concerns that perhaps the last decade was the Google decade, and perhaps this next decade is the Facebook decade. If that is the case, and the numbers certainly point toward that, the argument could at least be made there, Google has got to figure out something yesterday as to how to address this and fix it, because blaming it on the technology is not going to fly. Taylor Muckerman: I'm pretty confident that they're going to figure out a way to fix it. Especially when you're talking about Facebook, they had the whole issue around the election with fake news on their site. And you had a group of college kids come out and make an algorithm that was able to identify fake news on the site, and they've been able -- not using their algorithm, but, Facebook has been able to address that. I'm confident that Google will. You talk about big headlines about this, but I'm waiting for the headline to come out that says, right now, people think that less than 1% of Google's revenue is at risk because of this. It's a $90 billion revenue company, I've seen headlines that say $750 million might come off of YouTube's revenue in 2017 because of this. Bigger fraction of YouTube's revenue, but you're not just an investor in YouTube when you buy a stock in Alphabet. So, I'm still confident that they'll figure it out. And between the two of them, Facebook and Google, they're pretty much the only two that are growing in the digital ad space. So, I find it hard to believe that advertisers are going to completely move away from Google. Right now, Facebook is really the only alternative, and that space would become far too crowded too quickly if there was a mass exodus from Google. I'm fairly confident that, because you said 20% of their revenue comes from that search advertising, they're going to figure this out. Hill: It is a small amount of money, and yet, when you look at the headline of Pepsi, Starbucks, General Motors, Wal-Mart have pulled some of their ad spend with YouTube. Those are big-name companies. I think, if you're Facebook, you're not throwing a parade over this, but I think if you're selling video advertising for Facebook, you're on the phone to different media agencies, and I also think television networks. If you're a broadcast network or cable network, to use your phrase, Jason, you're putting the human touch to work, and you're calling these companies and saying, "Listen, don't take a risk with the programmatic algorithm approach to YouTube. You know what you're going to get with our networks, and you're going to get something that associates well with your brand." Muckerman: With some of those companies you mentioned, those are companies that can afford to pull back for a week or two on advertising and make a statement. That's almost advertising in itself. They're still advertising using Google's name, just not using Google's platform. So, I think they'll come back eventually. Probably not too far down the line. Those brands are brands already. You're probably looking at the smaller players, questioning whether or not they can afford to back off of Google's platform a little bit more than Coke or Pepsi. Moser: Yeah, and I think it's also worth noting, for the longest time, YouTube has been synonymous with online video. That's what got this ball rolling. And they've enjoyed such a phenomenal competitive position for so long. What an acquisition Google made for ... what did they buy it for? Hill: $1.6 billion. Muckerman: Pennies on the current dollar. Hill: And the reason I remember it was $1.6 billion is because I was one of the people saying, "Boy, they sure did pay a lot of money for that." Moser: So, I think you fast forward today and you see how this competitive environment has changed, Google and YouTube are not the only players in the online video space. And you see all sorts of companies, from Facebook and Twitter to Verizon and AT&T developing their online video offerings. To your point, I think it's very easy to see these customers pulling back for a week, a month, and saying, "Hey, let's reasses what's going on here." Google and YouTube are too big to say, "We don't want to be a part of your environment." That's just foregoing a tremendous reach that anybody in their right mind would want to be a part of. But, what it could do is, it could result in some pricing competition. It can certainly make Google have to get in there and compete a bit more on pricing, lose a bit, perhaps, of that pricing power, particularly as we ship to mobile, and we know those mobile advertisements are not nearly as lucrative as the desktops were, from a real estate perspective. But, these are smart people running a very, very big company. The solution to this really is as simple as, listen to your customers and give them what they want. So, from that perspective, I don't see any reason why they can't fix it. I guess it's going to be interesting to see how they fix it, and how quickly they go about fixing it, because they don't enjoy that same competitive position that they enjoyed, perhaps, five years ago. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Chris Hill owns shares of Amazon, Coca-Cola, and Starbucks. Jason Moser owns shares of Starbucks and Twitter. Taylor Muckerman owns shares of Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Starbucks, and Twitter. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Facebook, PepsiCo, Starbucks, Twitter, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Mar 31, 2017 at 11:17AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $847.80 down $-1.68 (-0.20%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $142.05 down $0.36 (-0.25%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $829.64 down $-1.86 (-0.22%) Read More Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel Why Are Analysts Suddenly So Bullish on Snap? Baidu and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Month Here's How Intel Corporation Could Refresh Server Chips in 2018 Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for International Business Machines Corporation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current YouTube Scrambles as Advertisers Object to Questionable Content @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $FB, $GOOG
BREAKING NEWS: Pakistan eye series win against West Indies … Tennis: Nadal downs Fognini to reach Miami final … US stocks finish strong Q1 on down note … European stocks shrug off tough Trump trade talk … Canada wants to keep free trade with US: PM Trudeau … Govt takes concrete steps for eliminating terrorism: Khurram … Pakistan strengthening relations with other countries: Fatemi … Asia to emerge new engine of growth: Ahsan Iqbal … SC directs IGP Punjab to demote police officers who got out of turn promotions … Green line to be completed by December 2017: Governor Sindh … Menu Home Top News From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors Markets Politics & Policy Govt takes concrete steps for eliminating.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 1st, 2017 00:33 Pakistan strengthening relations with other countries:.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 1st, 2017 00:32 SC directs IGP Punjab to demote.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 1st, 2017 00:25 PM advises Ulema, scholars to create.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 1st, 2017 00:13 Dar arrives in Dubai for consultations.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 1st, 2017 00:11 Guzara allownce cannot be disbursed to.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 20:20 Economic environment continues to remain conducive.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 20:09 World Africa Europe Global Business & Economy Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Canada wants to keep free trade.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 1st, 2017 00:56 Trump to host Jordan’s King Abdullah.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 20:42 Russian economy returned to modest growth.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 20:32 Spain PM urges democracy in Venezuela.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 19:12 At Iraq camp, UN chief urges.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 19:03 Eurozone inflation stumbles from ECB target.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 18:56 Spain must have say over Gibraltar.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 18:35 Business Banking & Finance Industries & Sectors Managed Funds Real Estate Airbus hopes to build new European.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 19:17 Nigeria’s central bank moves on forex.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 18:41 Authorities ‘visit’ Credit Suisse European offices.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 18:12 MTN pays $98 million part of.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 18:08 Key US inflation measure hits fresh.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 17:59 McDonald’s to use fresh beef on.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 00:25 SpaceX to launch first reused rocket,.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 30th, 2017 21:02 Markets Commodities Energy Equity Fixed Income FXMM US stocks finish strong Q1 on.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 1st, 2017 02:30 European stocks shrug off tough Trump.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 1st, 2017 01:59 Dollar little changed after Fed’s Dudley,.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 20:39 Raw sugar hovers near 10-month low,.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 20:38 South Africa’s rand, bonds under pressure.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 20:36 TSX slips as financials weigh; BlackBerry.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 20:34 Glencore to sell 51pc of oil.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 20:28 Stocks Stocks Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Football Hockey Olympic London 2012 Other Sports Pakistan eye series win against West.. Ali Ahmed Apr 1st, 2017 11:59 Tennis: Nadal downs Fognini to reach.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 1st, 2017 03:30 Football: FIFA sends internal graft probe.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 19:00 Football: Only one London team worth.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 18:48 RugbyU: Toulouse have ‘little hope’ for.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 18:44 WI coach applauds Pakistan spin sensation.. Ali Ahmed Mar 31st, 2017 17:55 Black Caps World Cup hero Elliott.. Ali Ahmed Mar 31st, 2017 16:56 Entertainment Arts Lifestyle Movies Music Germany calls for ‘Islam Law’ Ali Ahmed Mar 31st, 2017 11:30 After govt ban, meat goes missing.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 30th, 2017 16:55 ‘Shawarma shops’ shut down in Dubai Madiha Shakeel Mar 29th, 2017 13:03 WWE Kane to run for Mayor Ali Ahmed Mar 27th, 2017 14:35 Noor ends marriage for the fourth.. Ali Ahmed Mar 27th, 2017 11:54 Laptop ban hits Dubai for 1.1mn.. Imaduddin Mar 25th, 2017 13:42 Twitter eyes paid ‘premium’ service for.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 24th, 2017 22:20 Sci-Tech Arctic Ice turning green, cause for.. Aagha Majid Mar 31st, 2017 13:27 Saturn’s moon Titan has electric sand;.. Aagha Majid Mar 30th, 2017 14:51 Dubai to have skyscraper anchored in.. Aagha Majid Mar 29th, 2017 16:14 Largest ever dinosaur footprints discovered in.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 29th, 2017 15:46 Forests do more than just cutting.. Aagha Majid Mar 29th, 2017 13:36 Bengali ‘tree’ girl, refused further hospital.. Aagha Majid Mar 28th, 2017 18:20 Facebook adds camera features, moving closer.. Imaduddin Mar 28th, 2017 17:52 ePaper AAJ Live Home »Top News » Pakistan Top News » US ambassador meets Pakistani women entrepreneurs     Pakistan Top News US ambassador meets Pakistani women entrepreneurs     Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 31st, 2017 19:50 0   ISLAMABAD: American Ambassador David Hale met over 60 Pakistani women entrepreneurs, corporate executives, and capacity-building organizations here at the US Embassy for a Supply Chain Diversity Expo hosted by the US-Pakistan Women's Council and WECREATE/Pakistan. Ambassador Hale congratulated the entrepreneurs on starting businesses and urged them to continue to inspire others with their creativity and determination, a press release issued by the US Embassy here on Friday said. The US Ambassador also recognized WECREATE/Pakistan and USPWC Corporate Member Companies, including Proctor and Gamble, TRG, Engro, PepsiCo, General Electric, Citibank and The Coca-Cola Company for providing women-owned businesses the opportunity to market their products and services to industry leaders. "The US-Pakistan Women's Council is a model of assistance that mobilizes female talent, builds international economic ties, and promotes economic growth and social stability, all of which benefit both Pakistan and America," Ambassador Hale said. Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo briefed the entrepreneurs on their procurement processes and offered to help interested female suppliers connect with relevant procurement teams in their companies. During this session, Procter & Gamble's Communication Manager, Claudia Manuel, said "When Pakistani women succeed, we all win." USPWC intends to facilitate continuing connections through its networking platform and working with TRG to host a second supply chain diversity event in Karachi later this year. Women entrepreneurs attending the event had received training at WECREATE/Pakistan, and the Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS) through the US Embassy-supported Pakistan Women Entrepreneur Program (PWEP) managed in partnership with American University. Participants from the World Bank's WomenX entrepreneurship training program, conducted with Enclude at Government College University, also took part in the event. The Expo is the second in a series of events planned under the USPWC supply chain diversity initiative, which aims to help women-owned businesses access sustainable markets by linking them with corporate procurement representatives. The first of these events occurred in April 2016 at Packages Limited in Lahore.   Copyright APP (Associated Press of Pakistan), 2017        Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Anti-KE sit-in: JI Karachi leader released after arrest Next Assets of KMC not personal property: Mayor     Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Top
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Am not joining politics, says Rajinikanth Business Standard WINIT to expand services in UAE IANS  |  Hyderabad  March 31, 2017 Last Updated at 19:10 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUJsiW ALSO READ L&T Electrical & Automation FZE bags Rs 500cr order in Qatar Kilburn Office Automation to consider Q3 and 9M results 89% people want automation at workplace: Adobe Apple acquires iOS automation tool 'Workflow' Retailers eye IoT, AI and automation to boost growth: Study Leading mobile sales force automation (SFA) company WINIT on Friday announced its plans to expand services in the United Arab Emirates. "WINIT's advance mobile SFA solution, which is now powered by new age artificial intelligence and advanced analytics along with Real Time Collaboration capabilities, helps improve sales effectiveness, profitability and overall ROI (Return On Investment) of the sales team of FMCG companies," the Hyderabad-based firm, which has its operations across India, Middle East and South Asia, said in a statement. After years of successful implementation with several large distribution companies including P&G, Colgate, Palmolive and many more, WINIT brings its advanced solutions as a differentiator when compared to the usual offerings in the market, it said. "The economy of the Middle East is dynamic and the region offers a huge platform for growth and development of business. The region remains an attractive destination for distribution companies and has acted like a catalyst in the expansion of WINIT. Our biggest differentiating factor is providing well-knitted services to our clients that help them sell more," said WINIT CEO Prakash Sreewastav. "WINIT now brings advanced mobile SFA offerings which are powered by machine learning and advanced analytics to help accelerate sales efficiency. Also, to meet the higher demand and to offer seamless customer focus, we plan to ramp up our resource strength in the UAE market," he added. --IANS ms/vgu/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Uae | Automation | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep WINIT to expand services in UAE Leading mobile sales force automation (SFA) company WINIT on Friday announced its plans to expand services in the United Arab Emirates. Leading mobile sales force automation (SFA) company WINIT on Friday announced its plans to expand services in the United Arab Emirates. "WINIT's advance mobile SFA solution, which is now powered by new age artificial intelligence and advanced analytics along with Real Time Collaboration capabilities, helps improve sales effectiveness, profitability and overall ROI (Return On Investment) of the sales team of FMCG companies," the Hyderabad-based firm, which has its operations across India, Middle East and South Asia, said in a statement. After years of successful implementation with several large distribution companies including P&G, Colgate, Palmolive and many more, WINIT brings its advanced solutions as a differentiator when compared to the usual offerings in the market, it said. "The economy of the Middle East is dynamic and the region offers a huge platform for growth and development of business. The region remains an attractive destination for distribution companies and has acted like a catalyst in the expansion of WINIT. Our biggest differentiating factor is providing well-knitted services to our clients that help them sell more," said WINIT CEO Prakash Sreewastav. "WINIT now brings advanced mobile SFA offerings which are powered by machine learning and advanced analytics to help accelerate sales efficiency. Also, to meet the higher demand and to offer seamless customer focus, we plan to ramp up our resource strength in the UAE market," he added. --IANS ms/vgu/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 WINIT to expand services in UAE Leading mobile sales force automation (SFA) company WINIT on Friday announced its plans to expand services in the United Arab Emirates. "WINIT's advance mobile SFA solution, which is now powered by new age artificial intelligence and advanced analytics along with Real Time Collaboration capabilities, helps improve sales effectiveness, profitability and overall ROI (Return On Investment) of the sales team of FMCG companies," the Hyderabad-based firm, which has its operations across India, Middle East and South Asia, said in a statement. After years of successful implementation with several large distribution companies including P&G, Colgate, Palmolive and many more, WINIT brings its advanced solutions as a differentiator when compared to the usual offerings in the market, it said. "The economy of the Middle East is dynamic and the region offers a huge platform for growth and development of business. The region remains an attractive destination for distribution companies and has acted like a catalyst in the expansion of WINIT. Our biggest differentiating factor is providing well-knitted services to our clients that help them sell more," said WINIT CEO Prakash Sreewastav. "WINIT now brings advanced mobile SFA offerings which are powered by machine learning and advanced analytics to help accelerate sales efficiency. Also, to meet the higher demand and to offer seamless customer focus, we plan to ramp up our resource strength in the UAE market," he added. --IANS ms/vgu/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 37° F Overcast Hi: 39° F Lo: 36° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 3 Weather Alerts 2 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Stamford man accused of violating protective order March 31, 2017 A Stamford man is facing charges, accused of violating a protective order. Strange man approaches kids in Suffield March 31, 2017 A warning for all parents. Suffield Police say they have gotten two reports of a man in an SUV watching and approaching young kids in the Pi… 3 charged in connection with I-85 fire in Atlanta March 31, 2017 Parents of Groton crash victim speak to News 8 March 31, 2017 UConn Women take on Mississippi State in Final Four March 31, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 37° F Overcast Feels Like: 29° F Wind: NE 12 Humidity: 93% Dewpoint: 35° F Sunrise: 6:35 AM Sunset: 7:16 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 37° F Overcast Hi: 39° F Lo: 36° F University of New Haven holds Women’s Leadership Conference By Elizabeth Hess, News 8 Producer Published: March 31, 2017, 8:42 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) WEST HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — Ann Nyberg is speaking at the University of New Haven‘s Women’s Leadership Conference Friday morning. Maria Hinojosa, host of the Peabody-award winning National Public Radio program, Latino USA, will be the keynote speaker at the University of New Haven’s third annual Women’s Leadership Conference on Friday, March 31. The conference, titled “Women, Media and the Gender Lens,” will take place on the university’s main campus at 300 Boston Post Road. Other featured speakers include Carolyn Brehm, ’96 MBA, who leads Procter & Gamble’s team of 60 government relations practitioners around the world, and Patricia Russo, executive director of the Women’s Campaign School at Yale University. The conference, which takes place from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m., will focus on how women are depicted by the media.  “Women are often portrayed incorrectly in media, and this perpetuates myths that can hurt their ability to succeed,” said Lourdes Alvarez, dean of the University of New Haven’s College of Arts and Sciences and chair of the conference. “We will spend the day exploring ways to combat these misperceptions.” The conference will also include a panel called “When Women Speak Up” featuring Ann Nyberg, anchor of the 6 p.m. and 10 p.m. newscasts and producer and host of her own program “NYBERG” on WTNH; Phoebe Sweet, speechwriter and former communications adviser for former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, who is vice president of Summer Strategies, a public affairs firm; and Donnetrice Allison, a 1993 University of New Haven alumna and an associate professor of communication studies and African studies at Stockton University in Galloway, N.J.  Allison’s work focuses on educating others about how stereotyping disrupts the process in which people are able to appreciate cultural and gender differences.  A series of workshops will be presented at the conference, including:     ● Building your Personal Brand     ● Finding Your Voice, Making It Matter     ● The Power of Storytelling     ● Do You Have the DNA of an Entrepreneur?     ● Social Media     ● Managing Conflict & Confrontation. Keynote speaker Maria Hinojosa’s Sunday evening program on NPR has won four Emmys, the 2012 John Chancellor Award for Excellence in Journalism, the Robert F. Kennedy Award for Reporting on the Disadvantaged, and the Studs Terkel Community Media Award. She also won the Edward R. Murrow Award from the Overseas Press Club for best documentary for her groundbreaking story “Child Brides: Stolen Lives.” In addition to her broadcast work, Hinojosa has been a weekly syndicated columnist for King Features/Hearst and is the author of two books: “Raising Raul: Adventures Raising Myself and My Son,”  a memoir about motherhood; and “Crews: Gang Members Talk with Maria Hinojosa,” an in-depth collection of interviews with gang members in New York City. Brehm, the vice president of global government relations and public policy for consumer products giant Proctor & Gamble, formed the company’s global government relations function for in 2005. She is responsible for public policy and legislative advocacy to protect and grow P&G’s business. Registration information and materials can be found online here. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Fans rally to send UConn off to 10th straight Final Four Connecticut taking part in “International Women’s Day” Quinnipiac fires men’s basketball coach Tom Moore after 10 seasons Quinnipiac University holds “watch party” during women’s Sweet 16 basketball game Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
nechronicleLoad mobile navigation News Latest News North East News Traffic & Travel TV News Celebs History Crime Politics Education Health Property Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Arts & Culture Film ShoppingExpand Business Business News Commercial Property Farming Business OpinionExpand Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Sport Latest Sport Football Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Cricket Speedway Basketball Athletics Other Sport Fantasy FootballExpand In Your Area County Durham Gateshead Newcastle upon Tyne North Tyneside Northumberland South Tyneside Sunderland See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East Home News North East News Seaton Delaval News Coty factory closure in Northumberland - the latest on a meeting to discuss its future An adjournment debate will now take place on April 20 about the planned shut down of the Seaton Delaval plant  Share  Comments ByMike Kelly 13:00, 31 MAR 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextFly through Alnmouth to Lindisfarne Watch this video again Watch Next Police are hunting a man armed with an axe in Gos1:13 Ned Frost, who was three when he appeared in the 1:57 Watch white van man's police chase after he picks0:38 Gosforth High Street police incident - What we kn0:28 Stuart Wicks on new scheme to help ex servicemen 1:12 Video will play in  Northumberland factory faces possible closure and around 450 job losses Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A new date has been set for Parliament to discuss the proposed closure of the Coty factory in Northumberland which would see up to 450 jobs being lost. The adjournment debate request was tabled by Blyth Valley MP Ronnie Campbell and is now to take place on April 20. It had originally been set for March 22, however this proved to be the day of the Westminster terrorist attack and it was postponed. Mr Campbell said: “It will be interesting to see what the Business Minister has to say on the subject and whether we can stop the closure is another matter.” We first revealed that the factory in Seaton Delaval, which makes fragrances for global beauty products company, had been earmarked for closure in 2018 - subject to consultation. It was the result of a business review which began last October after a multi-billion pound deal saw Coty take over Procter & Gamble’s beauty products business. The HFC Prestige Coty factory in Seaton Delaval (Photo: Newcastle Chronicle) Workers at Seaton Delaval claimed they were told by management that, despite it being one of the company’s most efficient factories, it had been chosen as it was ‘cheaper’ to close as they had no union representation. One staff member claimed they had always been told not being unionised would work in their favour. Mr Campbell said: “It appears British employees are the cheapest workers to be made redundant which is in line with their contracts.” However the company strongly denied this and another suggestion that Brexit uncertainty contributed to the decision. Read More Northumberland community devastated as factory to close with 450 job losses It said its customer base is worldwide - not simply the EU - and a consequence of the merger of P&G brands was Coty now simply has too many factories. One not under threat is located in Ashford, Kent. A spokesperson for Coty said: “The proposal to close the Seaton Delaval site is based on the outcomes of Coty’s manufacturing footprint study. “As per legal requirements in the UK, we are now seeking representatives for the employee consultation forum with whom we will consult on the proposal. “Until then, it would be quite wrong for us to comment on speculation or rumour.” The closure of the factory will be a huge blow to the local community. Read More 'I just wish I could've saved him' - Hero of the London attack reflects a week after the horrors A spokesperson for Northumberland County Council said: “The council is working with Arch to keep in touch with the company and monitor the situation. “A response group is being formed and expects to have its first meeting in early April. “The group will comprise representatives of the council, Arch and Seaton Valley Community Council plus a range of other agencies which would be able to provide support.” Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @ChronicleLive Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Northumberland County Council Seaton Delaval Politics Employment Northumberland News all Most Read Most Recent GosforthGosforth High Street police incident RECAP: Arrest made after man allegedly seen with axe A man is alleged to have entered The Millennium Cafe, close to the Gosforth Shopping Centre on the High Street, armed with an axe - updates as the incident unfolded below Northumbria PoliceAre you the drivers of these cars? Your parking tickets are in the post Northumbria Police posted a Twitter message about parking twits who appeared to have parked where they felt like JesmondEven by Jesmond's high standards, this home is something else - take a look inside Got £4m spare to buy this Jesmond dream home with six en-suite bedrooms, pool and gym? Whitley BayWhitley Bay boyfriend found guilty of killing his lover at their seaside flat Dean Bowe's family paid tribute to a 'kind and gentle man' after seeing Jonathan Armstrong convicted of killing him during a row at their home WallsendRaider threatened shopkeeper he knew with nine-inch knife then apologised in bizarre robbery attempt Peter Laws tried to rob a shopkeeper in Wallsend who had helped him out in the past but then stopped and apologised Tyne & WearGeordies vs Mackems: Whose beaches are best - let battle commence We weigh up what beaches in Sunderland and Tyneside have to offer visitors as the weather starts to get a bit warmer Sunday SunJust got engaged? Here are 10 perfect spots for a pre-wedding photo shoot Whether you are a nature loving couple or city dwellers North East landmarks will make the perfect backdrop for your photos In The NewsDon't worry, you can still use the old £1coins after they are withdrawn - here's how Banks say they will continue to accept them - but only from regular customers but you will not be able to use in shops Colin Gregg TrialThe many faces of Colin Gregg: Teacher, charity boss and paedophile On the surface Colin Gregg appeared to be a pillar of the community but he used his status to prey on young boys Ant & DecWho is on Saturday Night Takeaway this week - and what do Ant and Dec have planned? The Geordie duo are gearing up for another fun-filled show, with special guests Dermot O'Leary and Alexander Armstrong Most Read Most Recent GosforthGosforth High Street police incident RECAP: Arrest made after man allegedly seen with axe A man is alleged to have entered The Millennium Cafe, close to the Gosforth Shopping Centre on the High Street, armed with an axe - updates as the incident unfolded below Northumbria PoliceAre you the drivers of these cars? Your parking tickets are in the post Northumbria Police posted a Twitter message about parking twits who appeared to have parked where they felt like April Fools DayApril Fools' Day ideas and readers' pranks to inspire you Hilarious or horrible, we are asking Chronicle readers for their best April Fools stories ... and we have included a few daft ideas we've encountered too Newcastle United FCRevealed: The astonishing Championship table according to David Prutton's predictions We have trawled through the pundits' predictions to come up with an alternative league table leaving Newcastle way behind Brighton JesmondEven by Jesmond's high standards, this home is something else - take a look inside Got £4m spare to buy this Jesmond dream home with six en-suite bedrooms, pool and gym? Ciaran ClarkRafa Benitez offers positive update on Rolando Aarons - and reveals extent of Ciaran Clark's injury Newcastle United winger Rolando Aarons has been sidelined with two successive injuries and has not played since August Sunderland AFCSunderland face critical eight days, as they fight against becoming 'detached' David Moyes says Sunderland need positive results in at least two of their three games over the next week to avoid being cast further adrift David MoyesDavid Moyes is in it for the long-term at Sunderland - even if they drop into the Championship Relegation-threatened Black Cats manager David Moyes is looking to the long-term but he admits every defeat saps a bit of his enthusiasm Sunderland AFCSunderland AFC news LIVE: David Moyes targets key win, all the Watford build-up All the latest news from the Sunderland camp, as the Black Cats prepare for Saturday's crucial Watford trip Newcastle United FCNewcastle United news LIVE: All the build up to this afternoon's visit of Wigan Athletic All the build up to the crunch clash against Wigan Athletic at St James' Park Top Stories Colin Gregg TrialThe many faces of Colin Gregg: Teacher, charity boss and paedophile On the surface Colin Gregg appeared to be a pillar of the community but he used his status to prey on young boys In The NewsDon't worry, you can still use the old £1coins after they are withdrawn - here's how Banks say they will continue to accept them - but only from regular customers but you will not be able to use in shops Newcastle United FCWhy it's time to do something different as the season reaches crunch time for Newcastle United Failed title bids, FA Cup final heartache, political meltdown and managerial madness - all traits that Newcastle must avoid this month Sunday SunJust got engaged? Here are 10 perfect spots for a pre-wedding photo shoot Whether you are a nature loving couple or city dwellers North East landmarks will make the perfect backdrop for your photos North East WeatherSun-kissed Geordies loved mild March - but are April showers on the way this weekend? The Met Office says this weekend's weather doesn't look quite as nice but there'll be some sunny spells WallsendRaider threatened shopkeeper he knew with nine-inch knife then apologised in bizarre robbery attempt Peter Laws tried to rob a shopkeeper in Wallsend who had helped him out in the past but then stopped and apologised Jamaal LascellesJamaal Lascelles: 'Forget the badges on the shirt - it's now about who wants it the most on the day' Newcastle United skipper Jamaal Lascelles eyeing promotion but warns his players they'll have to fight for it JesmondEven by Jesmond's high standards, this home is something else - take a look inside Got £4m spare to buy this Jesmond dream home with six en-suite bedrooms, pool and gym? In The NewsYour life will get more expensive from April 1 - the bill increases which are no joke April 1 isn't just April Fools, it's also 'national price hike day' as the bill increases are brought in with the new financial year Whitley BayWhitley Bay boyfriend found guilty of killing his lover at their seaside flat Dean Bowe's family paid tribute to a 'kind and gentle man' after seeing Jonathan Armstrong convicted of killing him during a row at their home Sunderland AFCSunderland face critical eight days, as they fight against becoming 'detached' David Moyes says Sunderland need positive results in at least two of their three games over the next week to avoid being cast further adrift StanleySee white van man race through streets during police chase with wanted man as passenger Ashton Mansfield, 32, from Stanley has been jailed after he took cops on a chase through Chester-le-Street and Sacriston GosforthGosforth High Street police incident RECAP: Arrest made after man allegedly seen with axe A man is alleged to have entered The Millennium Cafe, close to the Gosforth Shopping Centre on the High Street, armed with an axe - updates as the incident unfolded below Northumbria PoliceAre you the drivers of these cars? Your parking tickets are in the post Northumbria Police posted a Twitter message about parking twits who appeared to have parked where they felt like Whitley BayWhitley Bay boyfriend found guilty of killing his lover at their seaside flat Dean Bowe's family paid tribute to a 'kind and gentle man' after seeing Jonathan Armstrong convicted of killing him during a row at their home WallsendRaider threatened shopkeeper he knew with nine-inch knife then apologised in bizarre robbery attempt Peter Laws tried to rob a shopkeeper in Wallsend who had helped him out in the past but then stopped and apologised JesmondEven by Jesmond's high standards, this home is something else - take a look inside Got £4m spare to buy this Jesmond dream home with six en-suite bedrooms, pool and gym? GosforthGosforth incident: What we know so far as manhunt ends in arrest of 49-year-old man A man entered a cafe on Gosforth High Street in Newcastle and allegedly threatened builders working in the premises In The NewsThe changes coming to car tax rules and how much you will have to pay New regulations come into force in April and could see some drivers across the North East pay hundreds of pounds more in tax Newcastle Crown CourtLearner driver who killed new dad after afternoon drinking session took just four lessons The family of Shane Dowson paid an emotional tribute after he was killed in a car driven by Andrew Hardy, who has been jailed In The NewsYour life will get more expensive from April 1 - the bill increases which are no joke April 1 isn't just April Fools, it's also 'national price hike day' as the bill increases are brought in with the new financial year Chester-le-StreetPolice trying to trace man after woman is sexually assaulted at Lumley Castle hotel The woman was sexually assaulted in a bedroom at the grand hotel just outside Chester-le-Street on the night of March 17 to 18 StanleySee white van man race through streets during police chase with wanted man as passenger Ashton Mansfield, 32, from Stanley has been jailed after he took cops on a chase through Chester-le-Street and Sacriston GosforthManhunt for Gosforth 'axeman' ends after 49-year-old is arrested in connection with incident Police were first called out to a cafe on Gosforth High Street on Friday morning to reports that a man had allegedly threatened builders with an axe Traffic & TravelSee how the Silverlink roundabout work is progressing - from the air This aerial drone footage shows what the North Tyneside junction looks like after eight months of work Tyne & WearSee the £30m North East snow centre that will melt the hearts of ski lovers The ambitious scheme is expected to be built by early 2018 and attract around two million visitors every year North East WeatherSun-kissed Geordies loved mild March - but are April showers on the way this weekend? The Met Office says this weekend's weather doesn't look quite as nice but there'll be some sunny spells Newcastle upon Tyne20 memorable April Fools' Day gags from the North East - and beyond A nightclub on top of Grey's Monument and advertising on the Angel of the North - among a host of other japes Newcastle City CentreStowell Street is the Newcastle street with the best food hygiene ratings All 18 restaurants on the famous street have a food hygiene rating of either good or very good CourtsCruel carer who stole more than £20,000 from 92-year-old cancer sufferer walks free Clare Henderson, of Chopwell, abused her position of trust to steal from the vulnerable victim, who was almost blind and deaf and relied on carers Newcastle City CentreMan left needing metal plate fitted in his jaw after assault in Newcastle city centre The victim was walking on Newgate Street when police say he was approached by two men Newcastle Crown CourtTerrified man stabbed by ex and squirted with ammonia by thug in shocking dawn attack The victim was sound asleep when he was confronted in bed and then savagely attacked with a knife and corrosive liquid in a Sunderland flat News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Video: Bringing Digital Analytics To TV just now Array 0 Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo - just now Array 0 Why the ANA Growth Manifesto Should be Tattooed on Every Marketer's Arm By Steve Rubel - just now Array 0 April Fool's 2017: All the Pranks That Are Fit to Print By Adrianne Pasquarelli - just now Array 0 Panera's Next 'Clean' Crusade: Calling Out Added Sugars in the Drinks It Sells By Jessica Wohl - 6 hours ago Array 0 Xfinity Stunt Inserts Two Customers Into a Car Chase From 'The Fate of the Furious' By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 As YouTube Expands 'Sensitive' Ad Filters, Its Stars Lose Money By Garett Sloane - 14 hours ago 0 #ThankYouCoke? YouTube Supporters Give Brand Love by Mistake By E.J. Schultz - 14 hours ago 0 Video: Do Smarter Devices Mean Smarter Marketing? Yesterday 0 Dove Teams With Shonda Rhimes to Bring Women's Stories to Video By Jack Neff - 22 hours ago 0 It's 'Food, Not Boobs' in Carl's Jr. and Hardees' Brand Refresh By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 With Trump Struggling, Wealthy Backers Shell Out $1.3M for TV and Digital Ads to Shore Him Up - Yesterday 0 Lowdown: Nestle Is Latest to Pause Google Spending - Yesterday 0 Why Uniqlo Is Done Chasing Trends and How It Will Conquer U.S. Consumerism By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Digital Advertising Tops TV in the U.S. for the First Time By Jeanine Poggi - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Why the ANA Growth Manifesto Should be Tattooed on Every Marketer's Arm By Steve Rubel. Published on March 31, 2017. An hashtag suggested by the Association of National Advertisers. Credit: ANA Most Popular Every hero needs a villain. The Association of National Advertisers has made it clear with a new manifesto that, for CMOs, the enemy is the ongoing lack of sales growth. Coupled with rising marketing spending, the industry is looking at a clear and present danger. Revenue growth is the mother of all issues, one that the entire industry must unite to solve. The CMO community is on board. Now it's critical that agency leaders, who are convening next week for the annual 4A's conference, follow suit. The same can be said for publishers, platforms and ad-tech companies. Earlier this month at its annual Media Conference, the ANA formally threw down the gauntlet with a blistering 1,300-word manifesto that's a must-read. The document, the ANA says, has the input of thousands of CMOs, the blessing of the ANA's board of directors and its chairman, P&G Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard. With the new Leadership Agenda, the ANA is pushing CMOs to lead around four strategic platforms to, it says, "take our industry back" from "experts." It covers organization growth, the digital media supply chain, social responsibility, industry advocacy and a number of underlying issues. Notably, the ANA estimates that despite an astounding $200-plus billion in advertising spending and $1 trillion in marketing spending last year, total U.S. sales declined 7.3% to $14.5 trillion. This is the second straight year sales dropped even though investments climbed. Further, only 40 cents of every digital advertising dollar on average ever reaches the consumer. The ANA is now targeting 70%. Management guru Peter Drucker once said that "marketing and innovation produce results; all the rest are costs." Now marketing is at risk of being viewed as nothing more than a sunk cost center rather than a revenue creator. This is not sustainable and so now the trade association is encouraging CMOs to act. But they need the entire ecosystem to join in for it to truly stick. The ANA's CMO agenda is not propaganda. It seems to have teeth and the full attention of major marketers. Hopefully it's a common enemy that agencies, brands, publishers, platforms and everyone in between can also rally around. Any major outliers could derail it. Still, while the challenge is simple to define, it's complex to solve. And it will be scary for some. So frightening, in fact, that the topic could be tabled indefinitely. Or, worse, simply dismissed as bluster. That would be a mistake. Whether or not apathy sets in remains to be seen. The industry for so many years has put far greater emphasis on creativity over accountability. Such habit loops can be hard to break. However, if the ANA sticks to this agenda the way it seems they will, it should create opportunities for those who lead and pain for others who don't. In the short term, this initiative will accelerate greater transparency in the media buying supply chain. This is conceptually an easily place to reduce costs and boost growth. Many media contracts, for example, have not been updated in years, the ANA said. This may result in new terms that not everyone will love or embrace. In addition, the manifesto will also speed new metrics. These will be set and enforced by aggressive audits conducted by the Media Ratings Council. Not all platforms are on board yet. Facebook and Google have agreed to audits, but others like Twitter, Snapchat and Pinterest remain on the sidelines. However, most of all, this new agenda will shine a bright light deep into the ecosystem. It will discern those companies that are simply adding friction and costs from those that are removing it, and reward the latter accordingly. This is healthy -- but it could force some agencies to revisit their services or even their business models. The CMO train is moving. Everyone it seems, needs to get on it or get under it. In this article: Steve Rubel Steve Rubel Steve Rubel is chief content strategist for Edelman. Follow View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Coke Takes Over From Pepsi as MLB Sponsor By E.J. Schultz - 2 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Samsung, Acer, Travelocity and More 3 hours ago Array 0 Snapchat's New Search System Sifts Through 1 Million Stories By Garett Sloane - 5 hours ago Array 0 Maybe Watch This New 'Game of Thrones' Promo Instead of the Mike Flynn Show By Simon Dumenco - 6 hours ago Array 0 The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong By Andy Ball - 8 hours ago Array 0 Snapchat's New Search System Sifts Through 1 Million Stories By Garett Sloane - 5 hours ago 0 Maybe Watch This New 'Game of Thrones' Promo Instead of the Mike Flynn Show By Simon Dumenco - 6 hours ago 0 The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong By Andy Ball - 8 hours ago 0 Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo - 11 hours ago 0 April Fool's 2017: All the Pranks That Are Fit to Print By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo - 10 hours ago 0 It's 'Food, Not Boobs' in Carl's Jr. and Hardees' Brand Refresh By Ann-Christine Diaz - 2 days ago 0 As YouTube Tinkers With Ad Formula, Its Stars See Their Videos Lose Money By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Digital Advertising Tops TV in the U.S. for the First Time By Jeanine Poggi - 2 days ago 0 Lowdown: Nestle Is Latest to Pause Google Spending - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo. Published on March 31, 2017. Credit: Scott McIntyre/Bloomberg Most Popular JPMorgan Chase had a bold idea: Spurred by word that one of its ads had appeared on a website called Hillary 4 Prison, it would slash the number of sites where it advertises to 5,000 from some 400,000. To its surprise, the early going has brought no significant hit to effectiveness and no hike in prices. Its experiment, first reported Thursday by the New York Times, intensifies the spotlight on what many marketers consider a defective system for buying and selling digital advertising. Procter & Gamble, the world's biggest advertiser, has been threatening to stop spending money with ad tech firms and publishers that don't live up to its standards. Marketers are in revolt against YouTube after finding out that their ads were underwriting offensive video. Now the experience of JPMorgan Chase suggests that advertisers can find consumers at a good price even without using ad tech to pull together the farthest, and sometimes least known, reaches of the web. "They accidentally opened Pandora's box," said Jon Bond, co-chairman at full service digital agency The Shipyard, about JP Morgan Chase's recent experiment. "They were looking at brand safety and boom -- the performance box pops out." If enough other big advertisers follow its example, revenue could dry up for the countless small websites that use ad tech to send budgets their way. An industry buying ads from fewer websites would also, however, undoubtedly put an end to JPMorgan Chase's good fortune holding the line on prices. "I don't want to speculate," said Lauren Fisher, principal analyst at eMarketer. "But I can tell you it will come down to supply and demand." That in turn makes it less likely that advertisers boil down their ad buys en masse. Some would likely use entrenched ad tech systems to pursue the increasingly cheap inventory just abandoned by others -- precisely the sort of machinations that ad tech exists to enable. In an emailed statement, a Chase spokesman said it's early days, but confirmed that it hasn't seen any deterioration in performance. The financial institution said it believes in its newfound approach, adding that even if the company saw a dip in performance it "would still pursue a whitelist strategy because we believe it's the right thing to do." There's a "general consensus that something has to change in digital advertising," said Andrew Altersohn, CEO at Ad/Fin, a data company that aims to give marketers an index of prices across the digital spectrum. "The problem is it's hard to change something on a very fast moving tractor trailer." Programmatic ad tech "started out as a little tiny go kart but now it has taken off," he added. Digital advertising sales surpassed linear TV ad sales in the U.S. for the first time in 2016, pulling in $70 billion compared with $67 billion for national and local TV, according to a recent report by IPG Mediabrands' Magna. The problem with programmatic advertising is that "everybody grades their own homework," Mr. Altersohn said. "A lot of people in the supply chain have earned their money even though they placed an ad in the entirely wrong place." Related Stories As YouTube Tinkers With Ad Formula, Its Stars See Their Videos Lose Money "This is now part of the marketing ecosystem and it is growing rapidly without any obvious benchmarks to judge," he added. Ben Clarke, president at The Shipyard, pumped the brakes a bit on the implications of JPMorgan Chase's recent move. "You have to be careful with someone like Chase," he said. "They have a very broad customer base and my counterintuitive notion has always been that the larger your audience, the fewer domains you actually need to be on." The Shipyard has performed numerous studies that measure the impact of sales when marketers make significant tweaks to their digital ad strategy. "It can take weeks to see results," Mr. Clarke said. "The changes Chase made aren't as dramatic as if they went completely dark for weeks because there's just some momentum with bigger brands that can carry forward for at least a period." What JPMorgan Chase does demonstrate is marketers' suddenly fast-growing willingness to take some control over their ad buys back from tech platforms. "I think a lot of the blowup has been about how the technology has failed," said Ms. Fisher, the eMarketer analyst. "But it is important for everyone to remember that even when we're using technology there needs to be some sort of human review and involvement to make sure the tech is working correctly and if it's not, to pivot and adjust appropriately." Contributing: Adrianne Pasquarelli In this article: Ad Tech Digital Financial Services Programmatic Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Market These stocks are closing FY17 with a bang These stocks are closing FY17 with a bang With the financial year 2016-17 coming to a close today, the last trading week witnessed a healthy momentum in several share prices, particularly of Banking and Financial Services companies, with some hitting year highs and the others making all-time highs. By: Abhijeet Singh | Published: March 31, 2017 1:50 PM Of late, share prices in India have been supported by bright corporate earnings outlook, UP state election results, passage of GST, weakening Pound Sterling, strengthening rupee, capital infusion in PSU banks, healthy fundamentals of private banks. With the financial year 2016-17 coming to a close today, the last trading week witnessed a healthy momentum in several share prices, particularly of Banking and Financial Services companies, with some hitting year highs and the others making all-time highs. Of late, share prices in India have been supported by bright corporate earnings outlook, UP state election results, passage of GST, weakening Pound Sterling, strengthening rupee, capital infusion in PSU banks, healthy fundamentals of private banks, government’s push to solve the problem of banks’ stressed assets, rising foreign reserves, narrowing Balance of Payments, and other factors. On a high Tyre maker MRF hit its all-time high on Friday, rising to Rs 60,300. Incidentally, MRF is the costliest scrip on the Indian bourses. MRF and other tyre makers have recently gained traction on the back of encouraging news reports on rubber prices, the key ingredient for them. Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care too made its all-time high, hitting Rs 7,485. Consumer products companies, especially those catering to the Indian domestic markets, are on a roll with the Lok Sabha clearing the decks for implementation of GST – the most ambitious tax reform ever, which will subsume all central and state taxes in favour of a unified tax regime across the country. Banking on Fundamentals Banking and financial services stocks, in particular, have sparked this week, with several of those making their all-time or year-highs. Today, State Bank of India, the country’s largest bank by assets, touched its fresh 52-week high of Rs 294.7, while yesterday, the country’s most valuable lender HDFC Bank hit its year-high of Rs 1,479.95. You may watch: Private sector lender Yes Bank too hit a year-high of Rs 1,557.5 yesterday, while today Federal Bank made its new all-time of Rs 92. Other lenders hitting their one-year highs earlier this week include Housing Development Finance Corp (Rs 1,520.2), IndusInd Bank (Rs 1,424.3), Bajaj Finance (Rs 1,188), Indiabulls Housing Finance (Rs 996.5), LIC Housing Finance (Rs 625.7) and Sundaram Finance (Rs 1,630.5). Kotak Mahindra Bank had hit its one-year high of Rs 886.4 earlier last week. Becoming Powerful Power and infrastructure companies including NHPC (Rs 32.05) and Adani Ports & SEZ (Rs 342.7) rose to their one-year high levels today. On the other hand, private sector utility Tata Power (Rs 91.15), and state-run financiers Power Finance Corp (Rs 148.4) and Rural Electrification Corp (Rs 185.35) hit their one-year highs earlier this week. Trading firm Other stocks that have traded strong recently, rising to their one-year high levels this week, include mining and metals major Vedanta Ltd (Rs 278.1); salt maker Tata Chemicals (Rs 606.5); battery maker Exide (Rs 226.2); information technology services provider HCL Tech (Rs 890.15); media firms Sun TV (Rs 797.85), PVR (Rs 1,469.95), Dish TV (Rs 111); tyre maker Apollo Tubes (Rs 1,198), electric equipment maker Havells (Rs 474.5), and consumer goods company Voltas (Rs 424.75). Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Chopper fares to Vaishno Devi shrine comes down from today New weapon in war against radiation-induced lung disease Truckers start indefinite strike to protest premium hike Thank Nitin Gadkari for aggressive MLA buying: Digvijaya Singh to Goa CM Manohar Parrikar How food crises are haunting globe M K Stalin threatens to launch anti-Hindi movement across Tamil Nadu Heat wave to cool over weekend in North India Aung Suu Kyi's new government faces first test at Myanmar polls White House was wrong for withholding intelligence documents: Lawmaker Donald Trump signs twin executive orders targeting trade 'cheaters' Mercury touches new high in Uttarakhand, breaks records set 25 years back Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News आज से ई-टिकट सस्ता...और भी बदल गया बहुत कुछ...जान लीजिए दिग्विजय सिंह का मनोहर पर्रिकर पर पलटवार, कहा - शर्म करो, आप सत्ता के भूखे हो, माफी मांगो बिहार में 6 हफ्तों में सील किए जाएंगे 7 अवैध बूचड़खाने, पटना हाई कोर्ट ने दिया आदेश Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apple, Wal-Mart stay with climate pledge, despite Trump Many corporations including Apple and Wal-Mart are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change Post to Facebook Apple, Wal-Mart stay with climate pledge, despite Trump Many corporations including Apple and Wal-Mart are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2nFc8YL {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Apple, Wal-Mart stay with climate pledge, despite Trump Christopher Flavelle, Bloomberg 6:02 p.m. ET March 31, 2017 President Donald Trump makes remarks prior to signing an Energy Independence Executive Order which reverses the Obama-era climate change policies. Many of America’s biggest corporations including Apple Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts his predecessor’s environmental policies. (Photo: Pool / Getty Images) 3 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Many of America’s biggest corporations including Apple Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts his predecessor’s environmental policies. Companies say their promises, coordinated by the Obama administration, reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come. “This work is embedded in our business,” Wal-Mart spokesman Kevin Gardner said in an email. It’s “good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win too.” Wal-Mart was one of 81 companies that promised to reduce emissions in the run up to the 2015 Paris global climate negotiations. The company upped its targets last November, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025. Trump signed an order Tuesday that tells the Environmental Protection Agency to reconsider former President Barack Obama’s climate rules, and rescinds a series of orders Obama issued to embed consideration of climate change in government actions from where to lease buildings to whether to allow oil pipelines to be built. Companies need to move ahead on the climate change front no matter what Trump’s government does, Geoffrey M. Heal, a professor at Columbia Business School, said in a telephone interview. "They don’t have the luxury of denying,"Gina McCarthy, head of the EPA under Obama, said on Bloomberg Television. "They have to invest wisely." Business’s biggest lobbying force supports Trump on this issue. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce welcomed Trump’s order calling that shift “vital to stimulating economic growth.” The group argues that Obama’s regulations held back economic growth, preventing business owners from constructing needed pipelines, roads and other infrastructure. It also warned that the climate push would lead to a jump in energy prices. But many of the group’s members and other corporate titans supported Obama’s Clean Power Plan, or have set their own goals. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer-maker, also announced Tuesday that it would get 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025. Nearly 90 companies have made similar pledges, according to the Sierra Club. "We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted," General Electric Co.’s Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Immelt, wrote in an internal blog post shared by the company. "We hope that the United States continues to play a constructive role in furthering solutions to these challenges, and at GE, we will continue to lead with our technology and actions." Mars Inc., the maker of M&M’s, committed to eliminating its emissions entirely by 2040. Andy Pharoah, vice president of corporate affairs, said that Mars is “disappointed the administration has decided to roll back climate regulations.” American competitiveness Technology companies including Apple, Amazon.com Inc, Alphabet Inc.’s Google and Microsoft Corp. also expressed their support for Obama’s policies. “We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth,” the companies said in a joint statement after Trump’s order was signed. Other companies, while stopping short of criticizing the Trump administration, said they would keep pursuing lower emissions in their own operations.Procter & Gamble, Nestle Inc., Ikea, Levi Strauss & Co. and Best Buy Co., which all signed the 2015 pledge organized by the Obama administration, said they still intended to honor their commitments. “We will continue to integrate sustainability into our business practices, operations, innovation, brand building and culture,” Damon Jones, a spokesman for Procter & Gamble said. Many energy businesses welcomed Trump’s rollback. The Independent Petroleum Association of America, which represents oil and natural gas producers, joined the Chamber of Commerce in praising his move. So did the National Federation of Independent Business, which challenged the Clean Power Plan in court. “People are going to freeze in the dark because of the destruction of the reliable electric power grid under Obama and the Democrats,” Robert Murray, the president and CEO of coal-mining company Murray Energy Corp. said in an interview. “Mr. Trump is doing the right things.” Some environmental groups cautioned that action from the private sector, wasn’t enough to make up for the pullback in federal policy. “Policy is going to be required to get us where we need to be,” said Karen Palmer, research director at Resources for the Future. With assistance from Ari Natter Matthew Boyle Christopher Martin Lauren Coleman-Lochner Craig Giammona Lindsey Rupp Molly Smith and Eric Roston 3 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2nFc8YL TOP VIDEOS Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43 Joe Nardone, CEO, Wayne County Airport Authority, tours DTW 2:25 Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49 Walking the floor at the NAIAS Charity Preview 1:00 Biden admires Detroit, 'an iconic city' 2:15 Chinese automaker GAC reveals three new vehicles 1:57 Mercedes-Benz introduces new cars 2:48 Infiniti introduces QX50 concept 1:19 2018 Honda Odyssey introduced 0:54 Barack Obama UM faces backlash over lack of commencement speaker Kim Kozlowski Documentary explores drag scene in city of the US heartland Andrew Welsh-Huggins Levin, reps ask House to fully fund Great Lakes cleanup Melissa Nann Burke Amash hits back as Trump lashes out at Freedom Caucus Melissa Nann Burke Congress lets states block some Planned Parenthood money Mary Clare Jalonick and Alan Fram Poll: Most disapprove of Trump, except on economy Laurie Kellman and Emily Swanson
Toggle navigation news city campus crime map sports football men's basketball women's basketball ice hockey volleyball men's soccer women's soccer baseball softball opinion features puzzles multimedia contact Saturday, April 1, 2017 Larry Nassar coverage |    Apply for Editor in Chief news | city Supply Chain Management program is nation's best for 6th year in a row By John Lavaccare March 31, 2017 11:58 am By John Lavaccare March 31, 2017 11:58 am U.S. News and World Report recently named MSU’s supply chain management program the best undergraduate supply chain program in the nation for 2017. Department chair David Closs said this is the sixth year in a row MSU has won the honor. “It’s very prestigious to have maintained that ranking for so long and so consistently,” Closs said. “We very much like it, obviously, and we try to maintain it by maintaining the activities with industry.” Supply chain management junior Enisa Selimagic said the sterling reputation of the MSU supply chain management program is reflected in the way internship supervisors talk about MSU students. “When they compare Michigan State students to everyone else, you have someone who works really hard, and does a good job, but someone who also knows how to work on a team, and help others,” Selimagic said. Collaborative skills are a big part of what makes a supply chain professional successful in the real world, and the chance to hone those skills at MSU is welcomed. Supply chain management senior Jason Heitzeg said some of his classes include collaboration with other majors within the business college, and Jacobs said one capstone class puts supply chain majors in collaboration with engineers. “We do have an option of taking a class that is designed to have two engineers and two supply chain students do a capstone class together, and I think that’s very unique that we’re across colleges, and they work on a project for a company, a real life project, and if we have two engineers looking at it one way, two supply chain business people looking at it one way, and they’re coming up with unique solutions to offer a company, I think that’s really neat,” Jacobs said. Closs said there are three key factors that help MSU supply chain management uphold its reputation. The first is an “end-to-end” approach to supply chain management. Closs said this is exemplified by the “farm-to-fork” approach used in the food industry, where careful attention is paid to every step of the supply chain. The second factor Closs said enhances MSU’s supply chain program is the program’s holistic approach, which includes the purchasing, manufacturing, and logistics segments of supply chain management. “I know of other supply chain programs at other universities in the country that have more of a specific focus, like maybe a logistics focus or a procurement focus or an operations focus,” Heitzeg said. “But I think we’re unique in that we have specific courses geared towards specific tiers in the supply chain, and it’s all rounded out in the capstone, so we get a more rounded view of supply chain.” The third factor Closs said leads to the strength of MSU’s supply chain program is working closely with the industry. Judy Jacobs, a 30-year veteran of the industry, is the supply chain program’s liaison between students and companies and helps students secure internships. Jacobs said Apple, Procter & Gamble and Dow are among the long list of well-known companies that come to MSU to recruit. “We have companies that come here and recruit, and once students get those, once you have a good internship ... you take stuff from the internship and apply it to the classroom,” supply chain management senior Ben Brooks said. Supply chain management senior Evan Raubacher said he is proud of his school's high ranking, but he also feels pressure to live up to the ranking after he graduates this year. “You feel — at least I do — a lot of responsibility to maintain that (ranking), especially while I’m in the program, and I think it’s intrinsically empowering to make that how it is," Raubacher said. "Going to this school, you’re trying to make it number one because it’s, down the road, it’s the value of the degree that you’re getting, and you want to maintain that value over time, too.” Want more articles like this? Subscribe to our email newsletter! John Lavaccare related MSU baseball series opener against Minnesota postponed due to weather The Spartans will play a doubleheader on Saturday after Friday's game was postponed due to "inclement weather and wet field conditions," according to ... Editorial: Counseling Center making progress, needs more resources As Mental Health Awareness Week comes to a close, students and student organizations have voiced their discontent toward the MSU Counseling Center. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Please note All comments are eligible for publication in The State News. Sections news sports features opinion puzzles classifieds Quick Links about us advertise board of directors photo reprints privacy policy religious guide work here Social alumni contact us email newsletter Latest Print Issue All Content © 2017 State News, Inc. Powered by Solutions by The State News.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Amazon and Walmart's all-out price war is terrifying America's biggest brands Re/code Jason Del Rey 16 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Get ready for money requests on Facebook Google's April Fool's Day trick lets you play Ms. Pac-Man in Google Maps Click to expand Replay Video SpaceX makes history with recycled spacecraft Last night, SpaceX did something that, until now, no one has ever done — put a reused rocket into orbit and then landed it vertically. This is SpaceX’s entire MO, the whole idea behind their business strategy. CEO Elon Musk has believed for years that by reusing and recycling tech and parts, we can bring the cost of space flight down dramatically. What SpaceX is doing could dramatically improve access to launch equipment, since the company is trying to operate like an airline — charging customers for the service of delivering something to space. Right now, a launch costs about $62 million from the customer. Most of that goes to the actual cost of constructing the 230-foot tall Falcon 9. But, if you can recycle major pieces of the mission, then that’s time and money that can go somewhere else. Wochit Tech Introducing the strongest coffee in the world The world’s strongest coffee has arrived in the U.S., and it has more than double the strength of Starbucks dark roast. Buzz60's Amanda Kabbabe (@kabbaber) has more. Buzz60 Here's how airlines are compensating for the electronics ban Can't use you're electronics? Don't worry airlines found a way to fix that. Veuer's Emily Drooby (@emilydrooby) has the story. Veuer SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Price wars: Amazon vs Walmart CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next SpaceX makes history with recycled spacecraft Wochit Tech0:53 Introducing the strongest coffee in the world Buzz601:10 Here's how airlines are compensating for the electronics ban Veuer0:50 It takes 60,000 rivets and two robots to build a Boeing 777 fuselage Wired1:32 You got a job offer ... now, don't mess it up The Wall Street Journal.5:07 Mad Catz files bankruptcy to liquidate Wochit Business0:46 Chile is building Latin America's first solar thermal power plant. Here's how it works. The Washington Post1:47 Sheriff to Trump: Shut down businesses who hire illegal immigrants Fox Business3:54 Snap to lose $2 billion this year despite its stunning IPO Fortune1:00 Mercedes develops drone delivery system CNBC3:53 The robots making your online orders faster Bloomberg2:25 Get ready for higher gas prices, according to one analyst CNBC0:50 Turning horse skills into cash BBC News2:25 President Trump's travel ban could cost US tourism $18 billion Veuer1:08 The truth about the 'failing' New York Times CNN Money1:24 Airlines speed up lost luggage recovery process The Wall Street Journal.4:59 UP NEXT Grocery suppliers are feeling the squeeze — big-time. Quotes in the article Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 886.54 +10.20 +1.16% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 72.08 +0.49 +0.68% Costco Wholesale Corp COST ▼ 167.69 -0.20 -0.12% Unilever PLC UL ▼ 49.34 -0.29 -0.58% Last month, Walmart gathered some of America’s biggest household brands near its Arkansas headquarters for a tough talk. For years, Walmart had dominated the retail landscape on the back of its “Everyday Low Price” guarantee. But now, Walmart was too often getting beaten on price. So company executives were there, in part, to reset expectations with Walmart’s suppliers — the consumer brands whose chips, sodas and diapers line the shelves of its Supercenters and its website. Walmart wants to have the lowest price on 80 percent of its sales, according to a presentation the company made at the summit, which Recode reviewed. To accomplish that, the brands that sell their goods through Walmart would have to cut their wholesale prices or make other cost adjustments to shave at least 15 percent off. In some cases, vendors say they would lose money on each sale if they met Walmart’s demands. Brands that agree to play ball with Walmart could expect better distribution and more strategic help from the giant retailer. And to those that didn’t? Walmart said it would limit their distribution and create its own branded products to directly challenge its own suppliers. “Once every three or four years, Walmart tells you to take the money you’re spending on [marketing] initiatives and invest it in lower prices,” said Jason Goldberg, the head of the commerce practice at Sapient Razorfish, a digital agency that works with large brands and retailers. “They sweep all the chips off the table and drill you down on price.” But this time around, Walmart’s renewed focus on its “Everyday Low Price” promise coincides with Amazon’s increased aggressiveness in its own pricing of the packaged goods that are found on supermarket shelves and are core to Walmart’s success, industry executives and consultants say. The result in recent months has been a high-stakes race to the bottom between Walmart and Amazon that seems great for shoppers, but has consumer packaged goods brands feeling the pressure. The pricing crackdown also comes in the wake of Walmart’s $3 billion acquisition of Jet.com and its CEO Marc Lore. Lore now runs Walmart.com and has said one of his mandates is to create new ways for the retailer to beat everyone else on price, including Amazon. The pricing pressure has ignited intense wargaming inside the largest CPG companies, according to people familiar with discussions at Procter & Gamble, Unilever, PepsiCo, Mondelez and Kimberly-Clark. There is no one-size-fits-all solution. “It’s dominating the conversation every week,” said an executive at one of these companies. Representatives for these companies either declined to comment or failed to respond to requests for comment. Executives inside these companies would only speak on a condition of anonymity because negotiations with retailers are confidential. An Amazon spokesperson said in an email: “At Amazon we protect low prices for our customers, every single day — nothing has changed in terms of our focus or how we operate.” Walmart did not provide a comment. Amazon algorithm One piece of the battle, executives say, is an Amazon algorithm that works to match or beat prices from other websites and stores. Former Amazon employees say it finds the lowest price per unit or per ounce for a given product — even if it’s in a huge bulk-size pack at Costco — and applies it across the same type of good on Amazon, even when the pack size is much smaller. So let’s imagine Costco is selling a pack of 10 bags of Doritos for $10 — or $1 per bag. Amazon’s algorithm notes that one bag is $1 at Costco and, in turn, lowers the price on Amazon of a single bag of Doritos to $1. That is a great deal for customers — something that is likely driving the decision at Amazon, where an obsession with customer value dominates its strategy. But now, Amazon is selling individual items at Costco prices while not getting the same wholesale price that Costco enjoys. In short, it’s going to be really hard for Amazon to turn a profit on those goods. When Walmart sees this, it freaks out on the supplier, industry executives say. And it doesn’t matter to Walmart that Amazon may not be getting the same wholesale price that retailers like Costco or other membership clubs receive. In other words, even if Amazon isn’t profiting from its extremely low prices, Walmart is still demanding the same bulk-rate discount applied to individual items. “Walmart has had it explained to them by myself and others,” said one industry insider who asked for anonymity talking about private discussions. “My conclusion has been that they beat all suppliers up regardless because they need it to be a problem at the senior levels of these companies.” In some instances, Amazon is willing to lose money for some period of time on a product it feels it has to have. Jeff Bezos’ company knows, after all, that it has to continue to increase its selection in non-perishable grocery goods if it is going to really challenge Walmart in the $800 billion category. But, more so than in the past, Amazon is ratcheting up the pressure on manufacturers of goods that the online retailer is unable to sell for a profit, executives say. Separate from the algorithm, brands are also facing the realization that their products that are sold profitably in stores may become unprofitable online when shipping costs are factored in. Unprofitable items are known inside Amazon as CRaP products — the acronym stands for “Can’t Realize a Profit.” And Amazon is not afraid to kick off big and small brands alike. Case in point: On a Friday afternoon last month, all Pampers diapers sold by Amazon were unavailable on the site. Industry speculation was that Amazon may have kicked Pampers off the site as part of a negotiation over prices. Neither Amazon nor Pampers parent company Procter & Gamble would comment on whether this was the case. But the bigger point may be that senior industry executives thought such a move was even a legitimate possibility. “I’m very concerned,” one of them said. “Do all CPG goods get commoditized to 40 percent below where they’re used to being? The long-term implication is you just don’t know where the bottom is.” When Amazon warns suppliers that a product is pre-Cr*P meaning it’s in jeopardy of being kicked off the site for profitability issues, it makes demands. Oftentimes, to lower wholesale prices. But that doesn’t always work, especially if a brand has the leverage of also selling into Walmart, which is still the biggest retail customer for many manufacturers. In these instances, Amazon may transfer the product to Amazon Pantry, a smaller catalogue of goods restricted to Prime Members. All Pantry orders come with a $5.99 shipping fee per box, which helps cover Amazon’s costs, if fewer than five items are ordered at one time. Another Amazon tactic is to prohibit some brands from buying ads within the site for a product that Amazon can’t make profitable on a standalone basis. Like paying for prominent placement in a store, a brand can buy ads within Amazon to promote their products. Blocking these ads is another way of burying a product. “They are playing Jekyll and Hyde,” said an executive at a large grocery goods manufacturer. “At times, it’s all about growth; at times, it’s all about profitability. They keep switching back and forth.” Another factor: As Amazon Prime becomes a bigger part of Amazon’s business, Amazon ships more orders that consist of just one item. These orders can typically be tougher to make profitable than multi-item orders — a trend that could explain the renewed focus on profitability.  “Amazon realizes Walmart is serious,” the executive said, “and is basically asking manufacturers to subsidize their unprofitable shipping costs for them.” No easy solution What is a brand to do? There is no one-size-fits-all solution. Some do give in and offer Amazon a better price if they can afford it. Some push Amazon to keep the unprofitable product, but give them a better deal on a more profitable item. Another strategy is to stop selling to Amazon as a wholesaler and instead sell directly, or through resellers, on Amazon’s marketplace. Amazon cannot control the price of an item sold by marketplace sellers, though it can make it harder to find items that aren’t priced aggressively. The longest-term solution, however, is perhaps the most difficult: Reimagining how a product should be designed and packaged from the ground up, specifically for e-commerce sales. That often means cutting the weight of low-price goods since shipping costs tend to eat into a product’s profitability. (Amazon, in fact, is trying to capitalize on this potential shift by asking brands to reformulate their packaging to make it easier to ship — all done via Amazon, of course.) Big brands, however, have been doing more talk than action when it comes to pursuing this solution — a fact that you can be sure Amazon has noticed. But Andrea Leigh, an ex-Amazon manager who now runs her own brand consultancy, has come across a few examples of brands redesigning goods for e-commerce. One of them, from the brand Celsius, is an energy drink that has been transformed into powdered packets that the customer mixes with water at home. Then there’s the brand Green Works, which has sold household cleaners in concentrate form, along with an empty spray container. “If competitors go away and you can live it out, it presents you with an opportunity where you can steal share in a relatively easy way,” she said. “Figuring out how to do online better and not getting CRaP-ed out, that’s a huge opportunity.” The rise of direct to consumers? Perhaps the toughest part of being a traditional consumer packaged goods brand today is that you don’t know who your customer is because you sell to them via a middleman: Retailers like Amazon and Walmart. And if you try to sell direct through your own website — which requires a different set of skills — retailers often raise hell. Yes, the same retail partners that are putting the squeeze on wholesale prices. So some of these multinational companies are dabbling with diversifying their sales channels through acquisition. Unilever, the owner of brands like Dove and Hellmann's, last year purchased the subscription razor startup Dollar Shave Club for $1 billion. The vast majority of Dollar Shave Club’s sales come through its own website. Venture capitalists are betting that that deal will be the first of many acquisitions of digital-first brands that would traditionally sell their goods on supermarket shelves — though no major ones have yet followed. If they’re right long-term, however, this pricing pressure from Amazon and Walmart may be partly to blame — or thank. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from Re/code How Donald Trump crippled U.S. technology and science policy Re/code Twitter is retiring its default ‘egg’ profile picture, but that doesn’t do anything to solve its abuse problems Re/code AT&T and Comcast say they weren’t invading your privacy in the first place Re/code Re/code View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Perfectly portable: 0.7in thin, 2.4 pounds Take your projects to the next level Spring PC Sale! Save up to $1,100 on select PCs This mouse works on almost any surface! Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Amazon and Walmart's all-out price war is terrifying America's biggest brands Re/code Jason Del Rey 16 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Get ready for money requests on Facebook Google's April Fool's Day trick lets you play Ms. Pac-Man in Google Maps Click to expand Replay Video SpaceX makes history with recycled spacecraft Last night, SpaceX did something that, until now, no one has ever done — put a reused rocket into orbit and then landed it vertically. This is SpaceX’s entire MO, the whole idea behind their business strategy. CEO Elon Musk has believed for years that by reusing and recycling tech and parts, we can bring the cost of space flight down dramatically. What SpaceX is doing could dramatically improve access to launch equipment, since the company is trying to operate like an airline — charging customers for the service of delivering something to space. Right now, a launch costs about $62 million from the customer. Most of that goes to the actual cost of constructing the 230-foot tall Falcon 9. But, if you can recycle major pieces of the mission, then that’s time and money that can go somewhere else. Wochit Tech Introducing the strongest coffee in the world The world’s strongest coffee has arrived in the U.S., and it has more than double the strength of Starbucks dark roast. Buzz60's Amanda Kabbabe (@kabbaber) has more. Buzz60 Here's how airlines are compensating for the electronics ban Can't use you're electronics? Don't worry airlines found a way to fix that. Veuer's Emily Drooby (@emilydrooby) has the story. Veuer SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Price wars: Amazon vs Walmart CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next SpaceX makes history with recycled spacecraft Wochit Tech0:53 Introducing the strongest coffee in the world Buzz601:10 Here's how airlines are compensating for the electronics ban Veuer0:50 It takes 60,000 rivets and two robots to build a Boeing 777 fuselage Wired1:32 You got a job offer ... now, don't mess it up The Wall Street Journal.5:07 Mad Catz files bankruptcy to liquidate Wochit Business0:46 Chile is building Latin America's first solar thermal power plant. Here's how it works. The Washington Post1:47 Sheriff to Trump: Shut down businesses who hire illegal immigrants Fox Business3:54 Snap to lose $2 billion this year despite its stunning IPO Fortune1:00 Mercedes develops drone delivery system CNBC3:53 The robots making your online orders faster Bloomberg2:25 Get ready for higher gas prices, according to one analyst CNBC0:50 Turning horse skills into cash BBC News2:25 President Trump's travel ban could cost US tourism $18 billion Veuer1:08 The truth about the 'failing' New York Times CNN Money1:24 Airlines speed up lost luggage recovery process The Wall Street Journal.4:59 UP NEXT Grocery suppliers are feeling the squeeze — big-time. Quotes in the article Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 886.54 +10.20 +1.16% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 72.08 +0.49 +0.68% Costco Wholesale Corp COST ▼ 167.69 -0.20 -0.12% Unilever PLC UL ▼ 49.34 -0.29 -0.58% Last month, Walmart gathered some of America’s biggest household brands near its Arkansas headquarters for a tough talk. For years, Walmart had dominated the retail landscape on the back of its “Everyday Low Price” guarantee. But now, Walmart was too often getting beaten on price. So company executives were there, in part, to reset expectations with Walmart’s suppliers — the consumer brands whose chips, sodas and diapers line the shelves of its Supercenters and its website. Walmart wants to have the lowest price on 80 percent of its sales, according to a presentation the company made at the summit, which Recode reviewed. To accomplish that, the brands that sell their goods through Walmart would have to cut their wholesale prices or make other cost adjustments to shave at least 15 percent off. In some cases, vendors say they would lose money on each sale if they met Walmart’s demands. Brands that agree to play ball with Walmart could expect better distribution and more strategic help from the giant retailer. And to those that didn’t? Walmart said it would limit their distribution and create its own branded products to directly challenge its own suppliers. “Once every three or four years, Walmart tells you to take the money you’re spending on [marketing] initiatives and invest it in lower prices,” said Jason Goldberg, the head of the commerce practice at Sapient Razorfish, a digital agency that works with large brands and retailers. “They sweep all the chips off the table and drill you down on price.” But this time around, Walmart’s renewed focus on its “Everyday Low Price” promise coincides with Amazon’s increased aggressiveness in its own pricing of the packaged goods that are found on supermarket shelves and are core to Walmart’s success, industry executives and consultants say. The result in recent months has been a high-stakes race to the bottom between Walmart and Amazon that seems great for shoppers, but has consumer packaged goods brands feeling the pressure. The pricing crackdown also comes in the wake of Walmart’s $3 billion acquisition of Jet.com and its CEO Marc Lore. Lore now runs Walmart.com and has said one of his mandates is to create new ways for the retailer to beat everyone else on price, including Amazon. The pricing pressure has ignited intense wargaming inside the largest CPG companies, according to people familiar with discussions at Procter & Gamble, Unilever, PepsiCo, Mondelez and Kimberly-Clark. There is no one-size-fits-all solution. “It’s dominating the conversation every week,” said an executive at one of these companies. Representatives for these companies either declined to comment or failed to respond to requests for comment. Executives inside these companies would only speak on a condition of anonymity because negotiations with retailers are confidential. An Amazon spokesperson said in an email: “At Amazon we protect low prices for our customers, every single day — nothing has changed in terms of our focus or how we operate.” Walmart did not provide a comment. Amazon algorithm One piece of the battle, executives say, is an Amazon algorithm that works to match or beat prices from other websites and stores. Former Amazon employees say it finds the lowest price per unit or per ounce for a given product — even if it’s in a huge bulk-size pack at Costco — and applies it across the same type of good on Amazon, even when the pack size is much smaller. So let’s imagine Costco is selling a pack of 10 bags of Doritos for $10 — or $1 per bag. Amazon’s algorithm notes that one bag is $1 at Costco and, in turn, lowers the price on Amazon of a single bag of Doritos to $1. That is a great deal for customers — something that is likely driving the decision at Amazon, where an obsession with customer value dominates its strategy. But now, Amazon is selling individual items at Costco prices while not getting the same wholesale price that Costco enjoys. In short, it’s going to be really hard for Amazon to turn a profit on those goods. When Walmart sees this, it freaks out on the supplier, industry executives say. And it doesn’t matter to Walmart that Amazon may not be getting the same wholesale price that retailers like Costco or other membership clubs receive. In other words, even if Amazon isn’t profiting from its extremely low prices, Walmart is still demanding the same bulk-rate discount applied to individual items. “Walmart has had it explained to them by myself and others,” said one industry insider who asked for anonymity talking about private discussions. “My conclusion has been that they beat all suppliers up regardless because they need it to be a problem at the senior levels of these companies.” In some instances, Amazon is willing to lose money for some period of time on a product it feels it has to have. Jeff Bezos’ company knows, after all, that it has to continue to increase its selection in non-perishable grocery goods if it is going to really challenge Walmart in the $800 billion category. But, more so than in the past, Amazon is ratcheting up the pressure on manufacturers of goods that the online retailer is unable to sell for a profit, executives say. Separate from the algorithm, brands are also facing the realization that their products that are sold profitably in stores may become unprofitable online when shipping costs are factored in. Unprofitable items are known inside Amazon as CRaP products — the acronym stands for “Can’t Realize a Profit.” And Amazon is not afraid to kick off big and small brands alike. Case in point: On a Friday afternoon last month, all Pampers diapers sold by Amazon were unavailable on the site. Industry speculation was that Amazon may have kicked Pampers off the site as part of a negotiation over prices. Neither Amazon nor Pampers parent company Procter & Gamble would comment on whether this was the case. But the bigger point may be that senior industry executives thought such a move was even a legitimate possibility. “I’m very concerned,” one of them said. “Do all CPG goods get commoditized to 40 percent below where they’re used to being? The long-term implication is you just don’t know where the bottom is.” When Amazon warns suppliers that a product is pre-Cr*P meaning it’s in jeopardy of being kicked off the site for profitability issues, it makes demands. Oftentimes, to lower wholesale prices. But that doesn’t always work, especially if a brand has the leverage of also selling into Walmart, which is still the biggest retail customer for many manufacturers. In these instances, Amazon may transfer the product to Amazon Pantry, a smaller catalogue of goods restricted to Prime Members. All Pantry orders come with a $5.99 shipping fee per box, which helps cover Amazon’s costs, if fewer than five items are ordered at one time. Another Amazon tactic is to prohibit some brands from buying ads within the site for a product that Amazon can’t make profitable on a standalone basis. Like paying for prominent placement in a store, a brand can buy ads within Amazon to promote their products. Blocking these ads is another way of burying a product. “They are playing Jekyll and Hyde,” said an executive at a large grocery goods manufacturer. “At times, it’s all about growth; at times, it’s all about profitability. They keep switching back and forth.” Another factor: As Amazon Prime becomes a bigger part of Amazon’s business, Amazon ships more orders that consist of just one item. These orders can typically be tougher to make profitable than multi-item orders — a trend that could explain the renewed focus on profitability.  “Amazon realizes Walmart is serious,” the executive said, “and is basically asking manufacturers to subsidize their unprofitable shipping costs for them.” No easy solution What is a brand to do? There is no one-size-fits-all solution. Some do give in and offer Amazon a better price if they can afford it. Some push Amazon to keep the unprofitable product, but give them a better deal on a more profitable item. Another strategy is to stop selling to Amazon as a wholesaler and instead sell directly, or through resellers, on Amazon’s marketplace. Amazon cannot control the price of an item sold by marketplace sellers, though it can make it harder to find items that aren’t priced aggressively. The longest-term solution, however, is perhaps the most difficult: Reimagining how a product should be designed and packaged from the ground up, specifically for e-commerce sales. That often means cutting the weight of low-price goods since shipping costs tend to eat into a product’s profitability. (Amazon, in fact, is trying to capitalize on this potential shift by asking brands to reformulate their packaging to make it easier to ship — all done via Amazon, of course.) Big brands, however, have been doing more talk than action when it comes to pursuing this solution — a fact that you can be sure Amazon has noticed. But Andrea Leigh, an ex-Amazon manager who now runs her own brand consultancy, has come across a few examples of brands redesigning goods for e-commerce. One of them, from the brand Celsius, is an energy drink that has been transformed into powdered packets that the customer mixes with water at home. Then there’s the brand Green Works, which has sold household cleaners in concentrate form, along with an empty spray container. “If competitors go away and you can live it out, it presents you with an opportunity where you can steal share in a relatively easy way,” she said. “Figuring out how to do online better and not getting CRaP-ed out, that’s a huge opportunity.” The rise of direct to consumers? Perhaps the toughest part of being a traditional consumer packaged goods brand today is that you don’t know who your customer is because you sell to them via a middleman: Retailers like Amazon and Walmart. And if you try to sell direct through your own website — which requires a different set of skills — retailers often raise hell. Yes, the same retail partners that are putting the squeeze on wholesale prices. So some of these multinational companies are dabbling with diversifying their sales channels through acquisition. Unilever, the owner of brands like Dove and Hellmann's, last year purchased the subscription razor startup Dollar Shave Club for $1 billion. The vast majority of Dollar Shave Club’s sales come through its own website. Venture capitalists are betting that that deal will be the first of many acquisitions of digital-first brands that would traditionally sell their goods on supermarket shelves — though no major ones have yet followed. If they’re right long-term, however, this pricing pressure from Amazon and Walmart may be partly to blame — or thank. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from Re/code How Donald Trump crippled U.S. technology and science policy Re/code Twitter is retiring its default ‘egg’ profile picture, but that doesn’t do anything to solve its abuse problems Re/code AT&T and Comcast say they weren’t invading your privacy in the first place Re/code Re/code View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Perfectly portable: 0.7in thin, 2.4 pounds Take your projects to the next level Spring PC Sale! Save up to $1,100 on select PCs This mouse works on almost any surface! Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Lifestyle Shopping 'Escape, indulge, explore' at Savvy Shopper Women's Show Top 10: Circus farewell, Gloucester's Daffodil Festival, Langley Speedway opens and music Information on Gloucester's Daffodil Festival, Ringling Brothers last trip to Hampton, a performance at the American Theatre and the re-opening of Langley Speedway.  Information on Gloucester's Daffodil Festival, Ringling Brothers last trip to Hampton, a performance at the American Theatre and the re-opening of Langley Speedway.  Natalie JosephContact Reporternjoseph@dailypress.com Rebranded and revamped, the Savvy Shopper Women's Show (formerly known as the MyTime Women's Show), returns to the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Saturday to provide women the opportunity to pamper themselves in everything from wine to fashion. "It's a good reason to get out on the weekend, especially with the nice weather we are going to have. We have all sorts of vendors ranging from beauty to fitness. It's a really nice time for people to escape, indulge and explore," said Daily Press sales and marketing coordinator Ben Godwin said. A Daily Press Media Group event, the show's rebranding came after the 2016 show. A survey inquired about the show's name, and Savvy Shopper, a column previously written by Nicole Paitsel, received the most responses. "People like the idea of the Savvy Shopper Women's Show because savvy shopper comes across as somebody looking for good deals, who knows how to shop around and it's just more appealing than the traditional MyTime Women's Show," Godwin said. (Judith Lowery) According to Godwin, this year's show will feature events and activities to enhance the visitor experience including a wine garden, health and fitness demonstration and mroe than 100 vendors that will include crafters, businesses, authors, food vendors and nonprofits aimed toward women. The first 500 people through the door will get a free "swag bag," Godwin said. Chef Jon Ashton, who owns multiple popular restaurants in England and has worked with clients such as Disney, Procter & Gamble and J.M. Smucker Company, will host cooking demonstrations between 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. Ashton will give cooking tips and provide food tastings. The "Walk with a Purpose Fashion Show" will highlight local nonprofits. Each year, the fashion show has served the event's most well-attended offering. Clothes will be provided by J.C. Penney and Talbots. Riverside Health System, a sponsor, will give a health and wellness presentation focused on good health habits and a non-surgical weight-loss option. "We are introducing 'Reshape' to the region and basically it is a non-hospital procedure that takes about 20 minutes. It helps people lose anywhere from 40 to 115 pounds," said Riverside Health System vice president of marketing strategy and development Liz Williams. Other sponsors include Massanutten Resort, Peninsula Town Center, Saudé Creek Vineyards and Hampton University's medical physics program, which will provide mobile phone charging stations. My Time Womens Show, a fun weekend activity Judith Lowery/Daily Press Judith Lowery/Daily press file photo Peninsula Town Center sponsored the "Walk with a Purpose" fashion show, which featured members of local non-profits as the models. Wearing Talbots is Monica Meharg from the Junior League. Judith Lowery/Daily press file photo Peninsula Town Center sponsored the "Walk with a Purpose" fashion show, which featured members of local non-profits as the models. Wearing Talbots is Monica Meharg from the Junior League. (Judith Lowery/Daily Press) Exhibitors and vendors include Zenya Yoga and Massage, Glitz Jewelry, Nail Addict and LuLaRoe. The show's goal is to serve as "girls day out" and attracts about 2,500 people. Tickets are available online and at the Daily Press office (703 Mariners Row, Newport News) and Virginia Gazette office (216 Ironbound Road, Williamsburg). Joseph can be reached by phone at 757-374-3134. Savvy Shopper Women's Show When: 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday. Where: Hampton Roads Convention Center; 1610 Coliseum Drive, Hampton. Cost: $7, children under 12 are free. More info: digital.dailypress.com/savvy-show. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Top 10: Shop, sing and scavenger hunt this weekend Top Videos Pictures from Daily Press Photographers Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 57°
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe technology leadership magazine most innovative companies most creative people video news all stories FastCoDesignFastCoExistFastCoCreateFastCoStudiosCollections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current IssueSUBSCRIBE Follow Fast CompanyWe Will Come To You 2 minute Read Carl’s Jr. Grows Up, Samsung VR Is For The Birds: The Top 5 Ads Of The Week Kevin Hart gets ballsy for Tommy John, Vicks makes a social statement with a heartwarming story, Northwell Health goes for brand act over brand ad, and more. By Jeff Beer03.30.17 | 2:31 pm Let’s take a quick moment to talk about April Fool’s Day. Much like an impeccably timed, earnestly chipper tweet, brands just can’t see to get enough of it. Man, you jokesters you. But in a world in which Pizzagate can happen, is it safe to assume your audience is all starting from the same basic common sense that would tell us that, say, Burger King won’t actually be selling toothpaste? (They aren’t are they? Just checking.) Onward! Carl’s Jr. “Carl Hardee Sr. Returns” What: A new campaign that blatantly marks a shift of focus from the babes back to the burgers. Who: Carl’s Jr., 72andSunny Why We Care: For more than a decade, Carl’s Jr. has marketed itself as the frat-bro fast-feeder, with as many bikinis as burgers in its ads, courtesy of models like Kate Upton, Sara Underwood, and Emily Ratajkowski, and Hannah Ferguson. Here, Carl’s Jr takes a (totally silly) left turn by bringing the (completely fictional) adult back into the room. A pretty bold, but necessary move for a brand whose ad approach had become predictable. Samsung “Ostrich” What: New Samsung ad takes on a new perspective for the inspirational potential of its Gear VR. Who: Samsung, Leo Burnett Why We Care: Unveiled at the launch event for the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus smartphones, the spot eschews specs in favor of style by the truckload. Elton John and a charming, giant flightless bird cannot go wrong. As opposed to say, a more overtly familiar concept. Vicks “Generations of Care” What: Vicks uses the universality of a loving mother-daughter relationship to make a statement on social justice. Who: P&G, Vicks, Publicis Singapore Why We Care: P&G is taking the opportunity with Vicks to take a stand on an issue of human rights, which is probably impressive enough. But doing so in such a thoughtful, wonderfully shot story elevates the statement even further. Northwell Health “The Return” What: A short documentary chronicling the creation of a new, more functional prosthetic leg for swimming. Who: Northwell Health, JWT New York Why We Care: A cool story made even better (from a marketing POV) that the idea for not only the story but the actual amphibious prosthetic started as an advertising conversation. Read more about the campaign here.  Tommy John “Cradle” What: One of 22 short videos in Kevin Hart’s new series for the brand “Kevin Hart’s Morning Briefing.” Who: Tommy John, Preacher, Hartbeat Productions Why We Care: Okay, this is less about this individual ad–which is funny–and more about the overall project. Did Tommy John win the small brand lottery when Kevin Hart declared himself a fan of the product and essentially became a spokesperson out of the blue? Of course. But the brand is also embracing working with the comedian in such a way that looks to be taking full advantage of the situation. (And you can read what Hart has to say about it all here.) About the author Jeff Beer is a staff editor at Fast Company, covering advertising, marketing, and brand creativity. He lives in Toronto. More Fast Company Daily Newsletter: Get our best stories delivered to your inbox.Sign Up I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Related Stories Ads Thirty Years Later, The Story Behind Nike’s Iconic “Revolution” Ads New Vicks Ad Tugs The Heartstrings For Trans Rights In India Ads Samsung Galaxy S8 Vs. Google Pixel: Which Ad Framed It Better? Video This Could Be Your Seat To Outer Space--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Women In Science Encourage Young Girls: "You Belong In The STEM Fields" African-Americans Are Hitting Movie Theaters In Record Numbers Here's What We Learned From Uber's Diversity Report Samsung Unveils Its Latest Galaxy Phone Post-Battery Disaster How You Can Build Your Confidence By Running Through The Mud The Lesson Your Startup Needs To Learn From Thinx’s PR Nightmare Trump's Wall Is Also Dividing The Architecture Community This Plane Could Fly To Europe In Under 4 Hours--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report How Matt Damon—And A Bunch of Balloons—Are Raising Awareness for World Water Day What John Legend Learned From Working in Consulting Hollywood Can't Win When It Comes To Race Your Next iPhone Can Now Come In Red Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal Revealed Her Questionable Office Behavior Last Summer Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal On Why Thinx Didn't Offer Period Leave How Sweetgreen Stays Competitive In A Crowded Space Of Dining Options A Microsoft Engineer Discusses Why Diversity In Tech Will Make Better Products Now You Can Literally See The Differences Between Apple And Google These Married Chefs Prove Working With Your Spouse Isn't Always A Terrible Idea Why One CEO Says It’s A Company’s Responsibility To Speak Out Politically Buzz Aldrin Wants To Take You To Mars--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Beauty And The Beast Has Had Some Wonderful (And Weird) Adaptations How This Company Could Allow You To See The World--While Juicing Why This CEO Thinks Millennials Are Socially-Conscious And Good For Businesses These AI-Powered Robot Spiders Utilize Your iPhone's Incredible Processor This New Technology Uses Your Phone To Track Your Heart Health You’ll Never Guess What The Most-Shared Story Was On Facebook In February Wolfgang Puck Impressed His First Boss—And Built A Career From It President Donald Trump In A Minute more stories The Vast, Secretive Face Database That Could Instantly ID You In A Crowd These Are The 5 New Samsung S8 Features That Could Make You Ditch Your iPhone New High-Res Oculus Home For Gear VR Boosts The Mobile Experience How Neuroscience Might Help The San Francisco Giants Win The World Series Ideas Books This New Book Will Document How The Tech Industry Is Resisting Trump Ideas Pissed Off About Something? Here’s $15,000 To Start An Activism Team Ideas Robots Are Going To Kill Jobs Because They Already Have Entertainment Entertainment “The Blackcoat’s Daughter” Director Oz Perkins On Why The Best Scary Movies Are Sad Movies Entertainment Kendrick Lamar Wants To Stay “Humble,” But This Is a Video To Brag About Ads Thirty Years Later, The Story Behind Nike’s Iconic “Revolution” Co.Design Product Inside Twitter’s Obsessive Quest To Ditch The Egg Product This Whimsical Toy Puzzle Is Actually Furniture Product The Female Engineers Building Better Sex Toys Fast Company Technology These States Are Pushing Back Against The Internet Privacy Rollback Books This New Book Will Document How The Tech Industry Is Resisting Trump Ideas Pissed Off About Something? Here’s $15,000 To Start An Activism Team Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
KQED Menu KQED Food KQED Food Home Cooking Bay Area Bites Recipes Jacques Pépin Recipes Restaurants Check, Please! Bay Area Bay Area Bites Guides Programs & Blogs Bay Area Bites Check, Please! Bay Area Jacques Pépin Taste This KQED Food KQED Food Home Cooking Bay Area Bites Recipes Jacques Pépin Recipes Restaurants Check, Please! Bay Area Bay Area Bites Guides Programs & Blogs Bay Area Bites Check, Please! Bay Area Jacques Pépin Taste This NPR PBS Donate Search Go Close Popular KQED Home Listen Live Watch Episodes Podcasts Radio Schedules TV Schedules Mobile/Apps Donate Sections Radio TV News Arts Food Science Education Support KQED About KQED KQED Public Media for Northern California Bay Area Bites Search Skip to content Home Recipes All holiday DIY Restaurants All Guides Chefs Holidays & Traditions Super Bowl Lunar New Year Valentine’s Day Easter Cinco de Mayo Mother’s Day Memorial Day Father’s Day 4th of July Labor Day Halloween Thanksgiving Christmas New Year’s health & nutrition food news & media news politics & food safety technology TV, film, video radio science sustainability Events Skip to content Home Recipes All holiday DIY Restaurants All Guides Chefs Holidays & Traditions Super Bowl Lunar New Year Valentine’s Day Easter Cinco de Mayo Mother’s Day Memorial Day Father’s Day 4th of July Labor Day Halloween Thanksgiving Christmas New Year’s health & nutrition food news & media news politics & food safety technology TV, film, video radio science sustainability Events Search for: Food History and Celebrities Duncan Hines: The Original Road Warrior Who Shaped Restaurant History In 1957, Duncan Hines and his wife, Clara, cut a cake at the Duncan Hines test kitchen in Ithaca, N.Y. ( Courtesy of Department of Special Collections-WKU) By Nicole Jankowski, NPR Food March 27, 2017 Share Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) PRINT Duncan Hines, traveling salesman and future purveyor of boxed cake mix, considered himself an authority on a great many things: hot coffee, Kentucky country-cured ham and how to locate a tasty restaurant meal, in 1935, for under a dollar and a quarter. By the 1950s, Hines’ name would be plastered on boxes of cake mix; housewives would turn to his products for consistent quality and superior taste. Newspaper photographs featured Hines clad in a white chef’s apron, hoisting a neatly frosted cake or thoughtfully dipping a spoon into a mixing bowl. Duncan Hines wasn’t a chef, he was a businessman looking for a decent meal on the road. (Courtesy of Department of Special Collections-WKU) But Duncan Hines wasn’t a chef — in truth, he could barely cook. For most of his career, he had just been a businessman, desperate for a decent meal on the road. Through his search for the best restaurants across America, he became an accidental gourmand, an unlikely author and homegrown connoisseur. Although boxed cake mix is the legacy that most people now associate with Duncan Hines (only after asking, “Was he actually a real person?”) the supermarket foods that bear his name are only an epilogue to a storied life traveling America’s back roads. It was really his book, Adventures in Good Eating, that first put Duncan Hines on the map. And it was his tireless pursuit of good food that inspired his book. A decent meal Hines’ appreciation for a good meal arose out of mere necessity. From the 1920s through the ’40s, he motored across the country hawking letter openers and paperclips and subsisting on unreliable road food. It was an era long before any formal restaurant rating system existed in the U.S. The names and locations of good restaurants were conveyed by word of mouth; for an out-of-town traveler, locating a decent supper was often a daunting and discouraging mission. And although Europe had relied on The Michelin Guide since 1900, middle America in the 1920s and ’30s was still a land of culinary mystery and inconsistency. 1946 copy of “Adventures in Good Eating.” (Nicole Jankowski for NPR) It was also a time of growing wanderlust. Highways such as Route 66 were connecting small towns, and eager motorists often embarked on weekend road trips. According to the University of Michigan, in the ’20s “the number of automobiles in America rose from eight million to twenty-three million and along with the increase came thousands of barbeque shacks, ice cream stands and diners.” Many new restaurants were not listed on maps. And they were often hidden on dusty back roads that health inspectors didn’t travel. (Even if they did, there was no standard for restaurant food safety in America at that time.) Desperate for a clean place to dine, Hines became an investigative epicurean and self-made restaurant critic. He carried a tiny journal in his coat pocket, jotting down the precise locations of his favorite places. No restaurant was off limits for the inquisitive Hines. “The kitchen is the first spot I inspect in an eating place,” he wrote. “More people will die from hit or miss eating than from hit and run driving,” he joked — though Hines clearly thought food safety was no laughing matter. He frequently popped into the kitchen to scrutinize how staff handled food and then swung around back to investigate the restaurant’s garbage pile. He meticulously recorded the names of the most pristine diners, the inns with the tastiest prime roast beef, and where to find the stickiest honey buns. He appreciated regional cuisine, quickly discovering in which part of the country to brake for broiled lobster tail (New England) and where to stop for fried chicken (Kentucky). Hines noted whether a restaurant had air conditioning, its hours of operation and its prices for breakfast, lunch and dinner. “His restaurant notes were extraordinarily accurate,” says Louis Hatchett, author of the book, Duncan Hines: How a Traveling Salesman Became the Most Trusted Name in Food. “As word spread among his family and friends, people were begging him to share the list he had created. There was nothing out there like it,” he says. “In 1935, sick of being pestered, he finally sent out a little blue pamphlet in his Christmas cards, containing a list of 167 restaurants across 33 states that he could safely recommend.” Soon, Hines was receiving postcards from from salesmen, newlyweds and other travelers all over America seeking his recommendations for good, clean restaurants. In 1936, at 55, Hines self-published his first edition of Adventures in Good Eating and sold them for $1 each. It contained the names and locations of 475 restaurants from coast to coast that had Hines’ rigorous seal of approval. “The books were sold through word of mouth, but they quickly sold out. The following year he raised the guide’s price to $1.50 — and that’s where the price would stay for the next 25 years,” explains Hatchett. Each year, until he retired in 1954, Hines broadened his exploration of America’s restaurants and published an updated edition of Adventures in Good Eating. Restaurants fell in and out of Hines’ favor — if they could not deliver a quality meal or allow a peek into the kitchen, they were removed from the book. He refused to accept any advertisements or endorsements from restaurants in exchange for reviews. Millions of discerning travelers kept his book in their glove compartments to guide them as they rumbled down gravelly country roads in unfamiliar locations. A roadside sign advertising Duncan Hines’ Adventures in Good Eating is on display at the Kentucky Museum at Western Kentucky University. (Courtesy of Clinton Lewis/Kentucky Museum/Western Kentucky University) “Recommended by Duncan Hines” became the gold standard in dining by the 1950s. Restaurants endorsed by Hines tacked up metal signs in their front windows. As his authority grew, Hines published Lodging for a Night (1938) and Adventures in Good Cooking (Famous Recipes) and the Art of Carving in the Home (1939). In 1952, when Hines was 72, he partnered with Roy H. Park to form Hines-Park in Ithaca, N.Y., allowing the Duncan Hines name to appear on everything from cartons of ice cream to the now-famous cake mixes. Two years before his death in March of 1959, the entire franchise was sold to Procter & Gamble. Renewed interest Thanks to Ebay and rare book vendors, there is resurging interest in Adventures in Good Cooking. History lovers and discriminating foodies congregate on the forums of Roadfood.com to share modern forays into Hines’ antiquated restaurant scene. A 1950s ad for Duncan Hines ice cream quotes Hines as saying “Many people tell me they first bought it because they regard my name as a guide to good eating.” (Courtesy of Department of Special Collections-WKU) Jim Pfefferle, a forum member and engineer from Wisconsin, views Duncan Hines’ swift rise to fame as compelling as the material in his books. “It’s kind of meteoric, what Duncan Hines did,” Pfefferle tells NPR. “He was unknown when he published his first guidebook in 1936 and then there was a World War. By 1951 he was famous, the one person in the United States that anyone would go to for an authority on food. Less than 10 years later, he was gone.” Pfefferle, along with other members of the forum, has spent the past two years painstakingly gathering a list of restaurants from Hines’ books that are still in operation. He says it has been an intimidating task filled with many gastronomic dead-ends, but he believes that about 37 of the original 167 restaurants on Hines’ 1935 list remain. Hines often said, “Nearly everyone wants at least one outstanding meal a day.” This seems as true now as it did a half-century ago. But long before Yelp or TripAdvisor offered restaurant reviews with the click of a button, Hines was doing it his own way, by traveling the highway with his pencil and notebook, changing the way America ate on the open road — one adventure at a time. Nicole Jankowski is a freelance food, history and culture writer based in Detroit. You can find her on Facebook. Copyright 2017 NPR. PRINT Explore: food art, food history and celebrities, cake, Duncan Hines Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Show Comments (1) Hide Comments Louisla4 I found a signed copy of “Duncan Hines’s Food Odyssey” (1955) for $2 in a thrift store in San Martin about 20 years ago! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c2b2de7a62482c97fbab0724c03fe2069904e7eabe60883fd4f18d2fadd9a691.jpg F Sponsored by Become a KQED sponsor Post navigation Prev The U.S. Can't Really Know If Farmers Are Cutting Back On Antibiotics, GAO Says Next Ding Japanese Cuisine Opens in Rockridge for Lunch and Dinner About Bay Area Bites Bay Area Bites (BAB), KQED's public media food blog, feeds you visually compelling food-related stories, news, recipes and reviews from the San Francisco Bay Area and beyond. Contributors Contact Us About KQED About Jobs Internships Donate to KQED Website help Follow Bay Area Bites Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Follow Us on Instagram Connect on Pinterest Connect on YouTube Copyright © 2017 KQED Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy| Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Reiterates Commitment to Obama Era Climate Pledge Friday March 31, 2017 3:49 am PDT by Tim Hardwick Apple has said it will honor the commitment it made under the Obama administration to fight climate change, regardless of actions by President Trump to dismantle his predecessor's environmental policies (via Bloomberg). Back in April 2016, Apple, Amazon, Google, and Microsoft filed an amicus brief in support of the Environmental Protection Agency's Clean Power Plan, which aimed to cut carbon pollution produced by power generators, despite pushback from energy companies. Earlier this week, Trump signed an order telling the EPA to rescind the Clean Power Plan and reconsider all Obama era climate rules, including those relating to building leases and oil pipelines. In response to Trump's order, Apple, Amazon, Google and Microsoft issued a joint statement signaling their continued determination to cut energy costs and address the risks posed by climate change to future business growth. "We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth," the companies said in a joint statement after Trump's order was signed.Procter & Gamble, Nestle, Ikea, Levi Strauss & Co., and Best Buy, which all signed the 2015 pledge organized by the Obama administration, also said they still intended to honor their commitments. The pledges comes despite support for Trump's order from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which called it "vital to stimulating economic growth". The group argues that Obama's regulations risk a jump in energy prices, and that they have already held back growth by preventing the construction of pipelines, roads, and other infrastructure. The Independent Petroleum Association of America, which represents oil and natural gas producers, also praised Trump's move. Apple's renewed commitment to the Obama era pledge is in line with its overarching aim to become a global clean energy company. More than 93 percent of Apple's worldwide operations are said to be powered by renewable energy. Earlier this month, it announced that component supplier Ibiden would become the first company in Japan to guarantee all of its Apple manufacturing will be powered by 100 percent renewable energy. Chinese suppliers have agreed similar commitments. Beyond manufacturing, Apple's new headquarters in California will be powered by one of the largest onsite corporate solar energy installations in the world. Likewise, all of the company's data centers are powered by 100 percent renewable energy, as are 145 of its U.S. retail stores, and the large majority of its corporate facilities. Note: Due to the political nature of the discussion regarding this topic, the discussion thread is located in our Politics, Religion, Social Issues forum. All forum members and site visitors are welcome to read and follow the thread, but posting is limited to forum members with at least 100 posts. Tags: Apple environment, Donald Trump [ 229 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) hagar 19 hours ago at 04:56 am Oil isn't going anywhere anytime soon. The hypocrisy of these companies is amazing. Without oil and petrochemicals, their business lines would cease to exist in no time. Oil is used in everything from the mining of raw materials, to manufacturing and processing of their products to shipping. And this whole thing about using renewables is just virtue signalling. Their efforts will have zero impact on global warming, or climate change, or whatever they call it these days. The climate has been changing since the dawn of time and it's ludicrous to think humans have any impact on it. CO2 is plant food, not pollution. I'm all for clean air, water and land, but this green religion called climate change is nothing but a sham. I'm a climate scientist. If you don't believe what me and my colleagues have been warning about for 20+ years, that's fine. But if policy makers or the president don't want to believe it because it doesn't fit their agenda, we do have a problem. Science is not political. It's just science. Facts. The biggest argument for climate change deniers is that climate has been changing since the dawn of time. Guess how they know that? Yes, us climate scientists. But if those same scientists notice there's something wrong, suddenly they don't believe it. Hypocritical no? How ignorant can you be to think we don't have an impact on our planet. We destroy complete ecosystems, wipe animal and plant species of the face of the earth, cut down forests at an alarming rate, pollute rivers and the air, ... we know that land use changes such as urbanisation and agriculture have a big impact on weather and rain patterns, even thousands kilometres away, ... But the climate? That's where you draw the line? That's the one magical thing on our fragile Earth we can't impact? Well, the impact is there, and it's huge. The last decades we had a dampening effect of climate change because there are all these buffers, like trapping heath in the oceans, but these buffers are getting full. That combined with many powerful feedback loops, i.e. melting of ice, thawing of permafrost, to name a few, will re-enforce what we have been seeing this last years. And that is a rise in global temperature and more unstable, extreme weather. Now, even if you still don't "believe" that (and I hate to use that word in the context of science), I assume you do realise that climate change (natural or man made) will have huge impacts on the planet and our lives? So even if the current White House administration doesn't want to address the causes, why is it also ignoring the consequences? Ignoring scientific facts and thus jeopardizing the future of our planet, is criminal. There's no other word for it. Rating: 93 Votes Chupa Chupa 20 hours ago at 04:06 am ...but we will still make short lived, largely un-user upgradeable, glued-together products so that landfills can fill up at the same steady pace as the consumption of rare natural resources. Ah, I love a good grandstand. Rating: 71 Votes -BigMac- 20 hours ago at 04:09 am too many politics not enough hardware Rating: 59 Votes sers 20 hours ago at 04:11 am I can't wait for the oil companies to be useless. Elon Musk is coming for you... Oil isn't going anywhere anytime soon. The hypocrisy of these companies is amazing. Without oil and petrochemicals, their business lines would cease to exist in no time. Oil is used in everything from the mining of raw materials, to manufacturing and processing of their products to shipping. And this whole thing about using renewables is just virtue signalling. Their efforts will have zero impact on global warming, or climate change, or whatever they call it these days. The climate has been changing since the dawn of time and it's ludicrous to think humans have any impact on it. CO2 is plant food, not pollution. I'm all for clean air, water and land, but this green religion called climate change is nothing but a sham. Rating: 56 Votes FattyMembrane 20 hours ago at 04:04 am I take it Apple's refusal to make desktop computers anymore is an environmental measure. Rating: 55 Votes hagar 19 hours ago at 05:13 am Humans have MUCH less of an impact than you people are giving us *credit* for. Not even close. So you expect us to live in cardboard boxes by candle-light just so hundreds of years from now maybe it will make a difference? Nope. Not interested. Climate change is simply a ploy to grab cash and power from people to give it to others. Its an agenda. Period. Get off my back. Nobody wants you to live in a cardboard box. Don't be a drama queen. It's the president that wants us to move back in time, back to the coal era. But instead, we need to move forward. And urgently switch to clean power. If you think climate change is a ploy, it's because you're listening to the wrong people (my guess, politicians). If you would bother to look at the science, understand how the climate works, what the greenhouse effect is, and what humans are doing to disturb it and how dangerous that is, maybe we can talk again. But now, you're just making wind without knowing or willing to understand the facts. Rating: 31 Votes thekeyring 19 hours ago at 04:46 am I'm shocked that attitude towards climate change is even considered "political". We know climate change is happening. We know oil is finite and will run out in the next 200 years or so. America could be generations ahead of the curve if it seriously invested in renewable energy. Surly even Trump would like this - America would look clean and modern. There's the potential for job creation. There's the potential to make a ton of money by selling the oil America would no longer need, and later on the technology so the rest of the world can transition to renewable energy. I don't understand the current decision, unless Trump really is thinking super short term. Rating: 31 Votes Urban Joe 20 hours ago at 04:18 am Oil isn't going anywhere anytime soon. The hypocrisy of these companies is amazing. Without oil and petrochemicals, their business lines would cease to exist in no time. Oil is used in everything from the mining of raw materials, to manufacturing and processing of their products to shipping. And this whole thing about using renewables is just virtue signalling. Their efforts will have zero impact on global warming, or climate change, or whatever they call it these days. The climate has been changing since the dawn of time and it's ludicrous to think humans have any impact on it. CO2 is plant food, not pollution. I'm all for clean air, water and land, but this green religion called climate change is nothing but a sham. It's all an excuse for global taxation and control. They preach this all the while zipping around in their own corporate/private jets. They think we are all too stupid to realize what crooks they are. Rating: 31 Votes bboucher790 20 hours ago at 03:58 am I can't wait for the oil companies to be useless. Elon Musk is coming for you... Rating: 28 Votes Dagless 19 hours ago at 05:20 am I'm a climate scientist. If you don't believe what me and my colleagues have been warning about for 20+ years, that's fine. But if policy makers or the president don't want to believe it because it doesn't fit their agenda, we do have a problem. Science is not political. It's just science. Facts. I can't believe your great post has fewer likes than the ramblings of a non-scientist. Then again America elected Donald Trump so... Rating: 28 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 WWDC 2017 June 5–9 More Blog Stories Apple Highlights Autism Acceptance Month Through App Store, Retail Field Trips 14 hours ago on iOS Blog April is Autism Acceptance Month, and Apple plans to mark the occasion in several ways, including a dedicated section in the App Store and retail field trips. According to Steven Aquino, a... 13 comments Twitter Replaces Default Egg Profile Photo 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Twitter today announced that it is doing away with the egg profile photo that was used for any Twitter account that did not upload its own profile picture. Over time, the egg, which has been... 29 comments One Drop's CareKit App Showing 'Substantial Improvement' in Glycemic Control for Diabetic Users 17 hours ago on iOS Blog Earlier this year, the CareKit-supported One Drop Blood Glucose Monitor launched on Apple.com, allowing users to get pain-free results in just seconds, with data easily displayed on the compatible... 17 comments Verizon to Take on DirecTV Now and Sling TV With New Streaming TV Package Launching This Summer 19 hours ago on iOS Blog Verizon Communications is gearing up to enter the ever-growing online streaming TV market, alongside competitors like DirecTV Now, Sling TV, PlayStation Vue, as well as soon-to-launch bundles from... 33 comments Apple Opens iOS App Accelerator Development Facility in India 21 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple has officially opened its new App Accelerator in Bangalore as part of an effort to support engineering talent and boost growth in India's iOS developer community (via Mashable). At the... 13 comments Minimalist Puzzler 'Blyss' is Apple's Free App of the Week 22 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple is currently offering popular minimalist puzzler Blyss as its Free App of the Week on the App Store. Blyss combines a unique puzzle mechanic with serene and calming aesthetics, some of... 10 comments Apple Hires Former YouTube Executive to Boost Video Content Strategy 23 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple has hired Shiva Rajaraman, a former YouTube and Spotify executive, to help formulate its video content strategy, according to a report on Friday. Citing two people familiar with the... 10 comments Australian Regulators Prevent Banks From Collectively Bargaining With Apple Over Apple Pay 1 day ago on iOS Blog The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) today issued a determination that again denies authorization for the major banks in the country to work together to negotiate with Apple to... 48 comments • Apple and SAP's Enterprise Cloud Platform SDK for iOS Now Available (4) • Apple Seeds First Public Beta of macOS 10.12.5 to Public Beta Testers (11) • IFTTT Announces Support for iOS Applets Connected to Calendar and App Store (2) • Twitter Will No Longer Count Usernames Towards 140-Character Limit (20) • Facebook Enables User-Generated Crowdfunding Campaigns Related to Medical, Education, and More (8) • Uber Now Lets You Edit Your Pickup Location After Requesting a Ride (11) • Telegram Messaging Platform Introduces Encrypted Voice Calling Feature (7)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 300th Episode Spectacular - The TouchArcade Show #300 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Meganoid 2017' Crescent Moon and Rossman Bros.' 'Get Me Outta Here' Submitted to App Store 'Deemo' Gets "Forgotten Hourglass" DLC Concluding Story 'Pixel Drifters' Lets You Do Donuts in a Weinermobile Next Week YouTube Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.4 with Night Shift Find My AirPods! iOS 10.3 is Here! Hands-On With Theater Mode in watchOS 3.2 Hands-On with the Red iPhone 7! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Apr 01, 2017-Saturday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re IPL in Days Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Vicks makes a strong case for transgender rights with heartwarming new ad. Watch Vicks’ latest advertisement titled ‘Touch of Care’ weaves together two controversial topics - adoption and transgender rights - to create a beautiful story, that will stay with you longer than its 3-minute run time.more lifestyle Updated: Mar 31, 2017 14:41 IST HT Correspondent Hindustan Times This is Gauri Sawant’s story, a transgender and an activist, who adopts orphaned Gayatri and fights against societal stigma to raise her as her own child. (YouTube screengrab) Vicks’ latest advertisement titled ‘Touch of Care’ weaves together two controversial topics - adoption and transgender rights - to create a beautiful story, that will stay with you longer than its 3-minute run time. This is Gauri Sawant’s story, a transgender and an activist, who adopts orphaned Gayatri and fights against societal stigma to raise her as her own child. Based on a true story, the video opens with Gayatri on her way to boarding school, recounting how she met her adoptive mother. Directed by Neeraj Ghaywan of Masaan fame, the ad subtly brings to the fore the fact that Gauri sends off her daughter to keep her from witnessing the atrocities she is forced to endure everyday. “My Civics book says that everyone is entitled to basic rights. Then why is my mother denied them? That’s why I want to become a lawyer, not a doctor -- for my mother,” questions Gayatri. Conceptualised by Publicis Singapore for Procter & Gamble, the video shows how Gayatri, at the age of 6, loses her biological mother, a sex worker, to HIV AIDS. The narrative ends with Gayatri vowing to grow up and become a lawyer to ensure equal rights for her mother, for transgenders in India. Gayatri and Gauri’s story lives on. Here are some Twitter reactions: Uploaded on Vicks India’s YouTube channel on March 29, the video has garnered over 6.9 lakh views so far. This is not the first time transgenders have been highlighted in brand campaigning. Y-Films launched the country’s first transgender band, the Brooke Bond Red Label 6 Pack Band that bagged last year’s Cannes Grand Prix. In 2014, Channel V, along with Ogilvy Mumbai, shot a 2-minute video at a traffic light in Mumbai that showed a group of transgenders teaching road safety. Several people on Twitter applauded the advertisement: At times heroes wear sarees and not capes..so moved and inspired @ghaywan #touchofcare https://t.co/cRtfWYjv7T— ashish sharma (@ashish30sharma) 31 March 2017 Neeraj...this is truly heartwarming....was extremely moved....such beautiful brevity.... https://t.co/j7TKvFHnnh— Karan Johar (@karanjohar) 31 March 2017 Finally saw the Vicks ad. Oh the feels. Well done.— OvenTikka (@TandooriCutlet) 31 March 2017 Its been 2 years and yet to find better film than Masaan And now this absolutely beautiful Vicks ad More and more stories pls Neeraj Ghaywan— Filmy KEEDA :) (@manishtamancha) 31 March 2017 The new Vick's ad is revolutionary. #Touchofcare #vicks— Tanmay Khetawat (@tanmay_khetawat) 31 March 2017 tags Vicks advertisement Vicks transgender ad Gauri Sawant Transgender rights Vicks new ad more from more lifestyle Try these simple home remedies to make your skin glow this summer Apr 01, 2017 12:11 IST Delhi restaurants to deny entry to angry customers. Welcome The Grump Meter Apr 01, 2017 12:02 IST Not a Drop to Waste- A Water Day Infographic Partnered Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Thank Gadkari for aggressive MLA buying: Digvijaya Singh to Goa CM Parrikar Apr 01, 2017 12:08 IST Cow protection important to save world from moral degradation: Gujarat CM Vijay... Apr 01, 2017 11:52 IST Unitech MDs arrested for money laundering of Rs 35-cr, cheating buyers Apr 01, 2017 12:01 IST You can be arrested for ‘looking poor’ in most Indian states and Union territor... Apr 01, 2017 11:29 IST Nandini rape and murder: Complicated caste, religion politics plays out in Tamil... Apr 01, 2017 10:56 IST Amid govt’s push to go cashless, remonetisation process to wrap up this month Apr 01, 2017 11:46 IST ‘BJP won’t come back after troubling people like this’: Exchange of demonetised... Apr 01, 2017 11:30 IST Two dead, tens of thousands stranded by Australia floods Apr 01, 2017 11:35 IST US woman fined $500,000 for false Facebook post accusing a friend of killing her... Apr 01, 2017 10:09 IST Trump’s orders target trade abuses, import duty evasion Apr 01, 2017 09:53 IST Trump’s son-in-law, daughter retain real estate holdings while holding govt jobs Apr 01, 2017 09:05 IST In pics | Protesters ransack Paraguay’s Congress, set fire to building over controversial... Apr 01, 2017 09:05 IST Boko Haram kidnap 22 girls, women in northeast Nigeria Apr 01, 2017 09:05 IST Man swoops child to safety in Ohio shooting that left 4 dead Apr 01, 2017 09:05 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Chandigarh: On last day of BS-III vehicles’ sale, people rush to buy at fat discounts Apr 01, 2017 12:06 IST Delhi restaurants to deny entry to angry customers. Welcome The Grump Meter Apr 01, 2017 12:02 IST UP govt drive against slaughterhouses hits Lucknow’s bone craft artists Apr 01, 2017 11:45 IST Bihar govt to regulate private coaching institutes Apr 01, 2017 11:04 IST ‘BJP won’t come back after troubling people like this’: Exchange of demonetised... Apr 01, 2017 11:30 IST HT face to face | Will make the fight against drugs a people’s movement: ADGP Harpreet... Apr 01, 2017 09:50 IST HT face to face | No question of ‘importing’ law officers: Punjab AG Atul Nanda Apr 01, 2017 09:48 IST UV radiation reaches alarming levels in Jharkhand Apr 01, 2017 09:51 IST Mumbai hawker arrested for molesting beautician; two female accomplices booked Apr 01, 2017 01:06 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Invest in immunisation to ensure better life for India’s children Mar 31, 2017 21:47 IST Begin talks with Kashmiri youth or things will worsen Mar 31, 2017 18:20 IST Why India needs to take China’s One Belt One Road initiative seriously Mar 31, 2017 16:59 IST Britain’s measured response to London terror attack needs to be celebrated Mar 31, 2017 14:23 IST Adityanath’s meat ban is more caste-based than just a devious political plan Mar 31, 2017 19:57 IST IPL 2017: Rohit Sharma back in action, joins Mumbai Indians’ training camp Apr 01, 2017 11:26 IST Zaheer Khan, Delhi Daredevils skipper, ready for fire-and-ice routine Apr 01, 2017 10:17 IST Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh, 3rd ODI, Colombo, Live cricket score: SL consolidate Apr 01, 2017 12:15 IST The more Umesh Yadav bowls in matches, the fitter he gets, says Zaheer Khan Mar 31, 2017 23:53 IST Royal Challengers Bangalore sweat as injured AB de Villiers sit out SA domestic... Mar 31, 2017 23:48 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa IPL 2017: Rohit Sharma back in action, joins Mumbai Indians’ training camp Apr 01, 2017 11:26 IST Zaheer Khan, Delhi Daredevils skipper, ready for fire-and-ice routine Apr 01, 2017 10:17 IST Roger Federer beats Nick Kyrgios, to face Rafael Nadal in final of Miami Open Apr 01, 2017 09:26 IST Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh, 3rd ODI, Colombo, Live cricket score: SL consolidate Apr 01, 2017 12:15 IST The more Umesh Yadav bowls in matches, the fitter he gets, says Zaheer Khan Mar 31, 2017 23:53 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Amber Heard sues producer for adding sex scenes to movie without her consent Apr 01, 2017 12:16 IST Sylvester Stallone turns down Rs 130 crore payday, quits Expendables series Apr 01, 2017 11:54 IST Shraddha Kapoor, Sonakshi SInha and others: Hidden talents of Bollywood actors Apr 01, 2017 11:44 IST Akshay Kumar empties toilet pit with Madhya Pradesh minister Apr 01, 2017 11:43 IST Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson feud rages on; they’re being deliberately kept apart Apr 01, 2017 10:52 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Try these simple home remedies to make your skin glow this summer Apr 01, 2017 12:11 IST Delhi restaurants to deny entry to angry customers. Welcome The Grump Meter Apr 01, 2017 12:02 IST Corticosteroids in pregnancy are beneficial for very premature babies, finds st... Apr 01, 2017 11:19 IST Don’t sleep well? Get help. Study says insomnia raises risk of heart attack, st... Apr 01, 2017 10:43 IST Good for heart, brain, hair and skin. Here’s why you should eat peanuts every d... Apr 01, 2017 10:12 IST India to grow at 7.7% in 2018 in face of newer global challenges: Jaitley Apr 01, 2017 12:20 IST Interest on PPF and other such small savings schemes cut: What this means Apr 01, 2017 09:20 IST Petrol price cut by Rs 3.77 a litre, diesel by Rs 2.91 per litre Mar 31, 2017 23:03 IST GST rollout: Rs 2,256 cr project approved to boost IT network for new tax regime Mar 31, 2017 21:33 IST Jio extends Prime offer till April 15, offers additional summer surprise Apr 01, 2017 11:39 IST Jaitley introduces bill to amend customs, excise acts to comply with GST regime Mar 31, 2017 21:23 IST Cabinet approves changes in power, fertiliser policies Mar 31, 2017 21:08 IST Samsung Galaxy S8 challenges: What Apple iPhone 8 needs to beat Bixby’s mom? Mar 31, 2017 17:21 IST Huawei and Honor to take down Samsung, become Apple iPhone’s challenger Mar 31, 2017 16:51 IST Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ Microsoft edition with Cortana to be released on April... Mar 31, 2017 14:52 IST Apple unveils App Accelerator for developers in Bengaluru Mar 31, 2017 14:15 IST Apple iPhone 8 to come with vertical dual camera setup, trump Samsung Galaxy S8? Mar 31, 2017 13:38 IST Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ DeX dock price, availability announced Mar 31, 2017 12:51 IST Twitter eases 140-character limit in replies Mar 31, 2017 10:31 IST MPPSC Prelims 2017: Results declared, check them here Mar 31, 2017 22:51 IST All 23,000 polytechnic colleges likely to come under skill development ministry Mar 31, 2017 19:49 IST RPSC Clerk Grade II Comb. Comp. Exam 2013: Final results declared, check them h... Mar 31, 2017 19:27 IST IBPS Clerk, PO, SO Exams: Final results declared, check them here Mar 31, 2017 22:35 IST SC allows candidates above 25 years to take NEET exam, form fill-up till April 5 Mar 31, 2017 17:36 IST Tribal artists from Odisha display traditional art forms Mar 31, 2017 12:35 IST Skulls, noose, mice and Gandhi: Tamil Nadu farmers’ innovative... Mar 30, 2017 17:30 IST In pics: MPs play football to promote U-17 Fifa World Cup 2017 Mar 29, 2017 21:20 IST Driven by passion classical instrument makers struggle to continue... Mar 29, 2017 13:41 IST Navratri 2017: Festival of nine nights begins Mar 29, 2017 08:55 IST Mad rush in auto showrooms after huge discounts on BS-III vehicles Mar 31, 2017 18:56 IST 70 girls allegedly stripped in UP school for menstrual blood check Mar 31, 2017 17:45 IST Teacher thrashed for allegedly assaulting students in Odisha Mar 30, 2017 16:42 IST Last day to deposit demonetised notes Mar 30, 2017 12:35 IST Eight coaches of Mahakaushal Express derail near Kulapahar, UP Mar 30, 2017 12:22 IST ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Menu Television TV Shows Animation Awards Thriller Talent Reality Mythological Documentary Crime Comedy Drama Series Factual Food Fiction TV Channels Regional People News Broadcasting Specialised and Niche Sports Viewership Terrestrial Music and Youth Movie Channels English Entertainment Kids GECs Factual & Documentary Production House TV Commercial Post Production Online Content Non-Fiction Film Production Documentary Fiction Cable TV People Local Cable Operators DAS Multi System Operators DTH DTH Operator DTH Services People Regulators People I&B Ministry High Court Supreme Court TDSAT TRAI MAM Marketing Brands Above The Line MAM Below The Line Media and Advertising Sponsorship Ad Campaigns AD Agencies Account Event Agencies Digital Agencies Out Of Home People Media Agencies Satellites Insurance Satellite Launches Satellite Operators Teleports iWorld Video On Demand Telecom Broadband Social Media Pay-Per-View e-commerce eNews Over The Top Services IPTV Gaming Movies Short Films Regional Movies On Mutiple Platforms Documentary Hindi Hollywood International Independent Box Populi Technology ces Hardware Headend Equipment Set-top Boxes Uplinking & Downlinking Distribution Components Software Firmware Middleware Applications Resources Education insitutes Education Channels forums History Producers Media agencies Legal and Policies Jobs Cable TV MSOs Address Book Ad sales agents Ad agencies Satelite Reckoner Shooting floors TRAI Technology suppliers Studios DTH Specials Event Coverage IBC2016 VidNet ASIA TV FORUM Content Hub Ficci Frames Ficci Frames Filmart Golden Globe Awards ICC WORLD CUP IDOS Mipcom Miptv MixRadio Music Connects News Television Summit Occasions Budget Budget 2000 Budget 2001 Budget 2002 Budget 2005 Budget 2014 Budget 2015 Budget 2016 Budget 2017 Year Enders Our events MAM Vicks launches #TouchOfCare campaign 31 Mar, 2017 - 09:40 AM IST     |     By indiantelevision.com Team     MUMBAI: Vicks, a brand synonymous with care globally, has launched a heartwarming new campaign ‘Touch of Care’. It reasserts the importance of care while challenging and seeking to redefine what family is in contemporary society. The campaign leads with the idea that ‘Family is where Care is’ portraying the real life story of an orphan and her newfound ‘mother’. Created by Publicis Singapore, the story is told in the first person by the orphaned girl Gayatri herself. The film beautifully captures how Gauri cared for Gayatri as her own, against all odds, with deep compassion and love. The story reflects the challenges that Gauri faces from the rest of society, as a transgender woman. The Vicks Brand has stood for Family Care in India for over 50 years. However, family today is not always as tightly defined as it once was. With the changing face of life across India and an increasing number of people living away from their traditional environments –the idea of family now goes far beyond just biological connections or sharing a surname. Vicks has therefore adopted this bold and progressive stance- that above all else, it is care that is the ultimate definition of what a family is. According to P&G CEO Nitin Darbari: “Vicks has always been about the gentle touch of a mother’s care, as she caresses and gives relief to her child. With the #TouchOfCare campaign we are going a step further and expounding the importance of care beyond just the traditional perception of family. The campaign shows how people who, though not connected by blood, end up being family through care itself”. Publicis Singapore CCO - global clients Ajay Thrivikraman commented “Looking for a way to express this powerful idea was both a heartening and humbling experience, once we realized that stories of extraordinary care are all around us in real life, and we are honoured that Gauri and Gayatri gave us an opportunity to share their story of care with the world.” Publicis Communications APAC chief strategy officer Ed Booty said: “Great brands don’t just reflect safe and accepted norms, instead they dare to set agendas in culture at large. That is our ambition with this work for Vicks – to give the timeless idea of Family Care a fresh and contemporary meaning.” Film director Neeraj Ghaywan said: “It was an immensely gratifying and inspiring experience to put together Gauri and Gayatri's story. #TouchOfCare questions our conventional understanding of a mother and what constitutes a family." tags VicksP&GNitin DarbariPublicis SingaporeAjay ThrivikramanAPACNeeraj Ghaywan Trending Super Bheem to be weekly show from 2 April Star World Premiere HD to air 'The Pacific' Analogue signals: MIB to take action against defaulters Smith to lead Motorola-backed Rising Pune Supergiant, Ben Stokes on board Ms.Taken’s 'Happy Whatever' creates a storm   Latest Reads Airtel does not agree with ASCI's 'conclusion' on misleading ad The Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI) has given a statement in favour of Reliance Jio and has asked Airtel to stop the ads that were misleading for several reasons. Bharti Airtel however does not agree with ASCI’s decision and will file an appeal as per guidelines. It said its campaign... MAM Marketing Brands 01 Apr, 2017 Sporty Solutionz and Aidem Ventures form Aidem Sporty Aidem Ventures and reputed sports Management Company, Sporty Solutionz have formed a joint venture under the name of ‘Aidem Sporty’. Aidem Sporty would announce about their other sports properties in due course of time. MAM Marketing MAM 31 Mar, 2017 Brand safety on YouTube: GroupM partners OpenSlate MUMBAI: GroupM, the media investment management unit of WPP, announced it is partnering with OpenSlate to enhance brand safety on YouTube media buys. OpenSlate is a social video analytics company that maintains data about all ad-supported content on YouTube. Their data platform scores YouTube... MAM Marketing MAM 31 Mar, 2017 Biggest television advertisers in week 12 of 2017 BENGALURU: The top 10 advertisers in week 12 of 2017 (Saturday, 18 March 2017 to Friday, 24 March 2017) were almost the same as those in the previous week (Week 11) as per Broadcast Audience Research Council of India (BARC) data for TOP 10 Advertiser *Across Genre : All India (U+R) : 2+... MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 31 Mar, 2017 CogMat to socially TomTom wearables MUMBAI: Leading fitness wearable brand TomTom Sports has signed on digital agency CogMat to undertake their social media duties in India. CogMat, a digital media agency based in Mumbai, Dubai and Hong Kong, has been working with TomTom since October 2016, handling the brand’s digital ads portfolio... MAM Media and Advertising Account 31 Mar, 2017 Ms.Taken’s 'Happy Whatever' creates a storm MUMBAI: Every year, as March 8 approaches, the world goes into overdrive with women centric messages, celebrate women, pamper women, offers for women and yes some do remember to empower women. MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 31 Mar, 2017 Padukone recommends high-protein Kellogg's Kellogg India has introduced a new nutrient dense ready-to-eat cereal in the market under its Kellogg’s Special K portfolio. The new offering, Kellogg’s Special K Protein & Fibre, is a delicious, cranberry-flavoured ready-to-eat cereal made with whole wheat, with added protein and fibre, making... MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 30 Mar, 2017 Toolway selects Birlasoft for SAP implementation MUMBAI: Birlasoft (India) Limited has announced its selection as a strategic partner to Toolway Industries Ltd., a Toronto, Canada based company to implement SAP S4 HANA 1610 along with SAP Hybris B2B for modernizing its ERP systems. Birlasoft will offer end-to-end implementation services of SAP S... MAM Marketing Brands 30 Mar, 2017 Canara HSBC OBC & WWF raise 'Earth Hour' awareness MUMBAI: WWF-India, in association with Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance hosted Pedal for the Planet 2017, a Cyclothon and Walkathon to celebrate the world’s largest grassroots environmental campaign – Earth Hour 2017. MAM Marketing Brands 30 Mar, 2017 Gallery The content Paradigm 25 Aug, 2016 The Customer: Vidnet 2016 25 Aug, 2016 Proud winners at the NT Awards 2016 04 Jul, 2016 A night to remember: NT AWARDS 2016 - Part 2 30 Jun, 2016   Latest News Load More Subscribe Newsletter TVLinx | ADLinx | Archive What to Read Next Copyright Board may become part of Intellectual Property Appellate Board The Copyright Board may soon be a part of the Intellectual Property Appellate Board (IPAB). Regulators I&B Ministry 01 Apr, 2017 NDTV won't apologise for Pathankot coverage Television TV Channels News Broadcasting 01 Apr, 2017 Airtel does not agree with ASCI's 'conclusion' on misleading ad MAM Marketing Brands 01 Apr, 2017 Zee to salute 'Army behind the Army' at Cine Awards Television TV Channels GECs 01 Apr, 2017 AXN to air latest seasons of 'Top Chef' Television TV Channels English Entertainment 31 Mar, 2017 Editor's Choice Copyright Board may become part of Intellectual Property Appellate Board I&B Ministry 01 Apr, 2017 NDTV won't apologise for Pathankot coverage News Broadcasting 01 Apr, 2017 Airtel does not agree with ASCI's 'conclusion' on misleading ad Brands 01 Apr, 2017 Zee to salute 'Army behind the Army' at Cine Awards GECs 01 Apr, 2017 AXN to air latest seasons of 'Top Chef' English Entertainment 31 Mar, 2017 Articles By Category News Headline Executive Dossier Comment Special Report Research Case Study Genre Primer Financials Reviews Events Promos & Campaigns Press Release Sign up for our Newsletter subscribe for latest stories Facebook Twitter YouTube Linkedin RSS Television Cable TV DTH Regulators MAM Satellites iWorld Movies Technology Resources Specials Our events About Privacy Disclaimer Advertise Contact Us 2017 @ Copyright Indiantelevision Dot Com Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 March 2017 by Military News Brave Bison Opens Social Video Broadcast Studio         BRAVE BISON OPENS SOCIAL VIDEO BROADCAST STUDIO     London, March 31st, 2017: Brave Bison, the independent digital media and social video broadcaster, has today opened the doors to its very own state-of-the-art broadcast facility called Yellowstone Studios.   Yellowstone Studios will not only become the home of Slash Football, Brave Bison’s fast-growing multi-platform football network, but will provide a unique, creative space for brands and influencers to explore, capture and broadcast social video content.   This unique space is purpose built for the content creation and broadcasting of what is often an unpredictable modern media mix. It is equipped with a green-screen compatible studio, designed as the perfect place for broadcasting live streams on Facebook and other social media platforms, and includes a Rhino Turf football pitch for Slash Football programming.   Slash Football has been live streaming The Last 5, billed as Final Score for the YouTube generation, from the studios since the beginning of March 2017. The channel also has a slate of football culture and entertainment formats that will be produced at the studios, featuring its stable of creator talent that includes Callux, Calfreezy and Manny. This follows the success of their ‚Absolute Shocker’ 5-a-side tournament for Teenage Cancer Trust in February.   Will Pyne, Chief Creative Officer at Brave Bison, commented: „Opening the studio marks a significant step change in Brave Bison’s development. It gives us a competitive edge over other video content producers, providing us with a creative and cultural hub to take our own programming to new levels of scale, quality and frequency. Just as importantly, we now have a space for brands and creators to test and explore ideas at the drop of a hat.”   Yellowstone Studios are located in Holborn Studios, Hoxton, London.       ENDS       For press enquiries please contact:     Brave Bison Group plc Kevin Deeley (COO)     via FTI Consulting Stockdale Securities Limited Richard Johnson / Andy Crossley                         Tel: 020 7601 6100 FTI Consulting Rob Mindell                                                Tel: 020 3727 1000     About Brave Bison Brave Bison is an independent digital media and social video broadcaster, proudly working with some of the biggest brands and most-followed YouTube and Facebook talent in the world. Clients include Coca Cola, P&G, Microsoft, 20th Century Fox, CNBC, Universal Pictures and Google.   Brave Bison is the largest multi-platform video network in the world outside North America, with head-quarters in London and offices in Singapore and Australia.   Brave Bison makes it simple for content owners, creators, brands, publishers and platforms to unlock the value of online video, whether on a licensed, ad-funded, direct to consumer or paid placement basis   Brave Bison: http://bravebison.io/  CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Manufacturing Update Next PostNext Intention to Float Posted on 31 March 2017 by Military News Brave Bison Opens Social Video Broadcast Studio         BRAVE BISON OPENS SOCIAL VIDEO BROADCAST STUDIO     London, March 31st, 2017: Brave Bison, the independent digital media and social video broadcaster, has today opened the doors to its very own state-of-the-art broadcast facility called Yellowstone Studios.   Yellowstone Studios will not only become the home of Slash Football, Brave Bison’s fast-growing multi-platform football network, but will provide a unique, creative space for brands and influencers to explore, capture and broadcast social video content.   This unique space is purpose built for the content creation and broadcasting of what is often an unpredictable modern media mix. It is equipped with a green-screen compatible studio, designed as the perfect place for broadcasting live streams on Facebook and other social media platforms, and includes a Rhino Turf football pitch for Slash Football programming.   Slash Football has been live streaming The Last 5, billed as Final Score for the YouTube generation, from the studios since the beginning of March 2017. The channel also has a slate of football culture and entertainment formats that will be produced at the studios, featuring its stable of creator talent that includes Callux, Calfreezy and Manny. This follows the success of their ‚Absolute Shocker’ 5-a-side tournament for Teenage Cancer Trust in February.   Will Pyne, Chief Creative Officer at Brave Bison, commented: „Opening the studio marks a significant step change in Brave Bison’s development. It gives us a competitive edge over other video content producers, providing us with a creative and cultural hub to take our own programming to new levels of scale, quality and frequency. Just as importantly, we now have a space for brands and creators to test and explore ideas at the drop of a hat.”   Yellowstone Studios are located in Holborn Studios, Hoxton, London.       ENDS       For press enquiries please contact:     Brave Bison Group plc Kevin Deeley (COO)     via FTI Consulting Stockdale Securities Limited Richard Johnson / Andy Crossley                         Tel: 020 7601 6100 FTI Consulting Rob Mindell                                                Tel: 020 3727 1000     About Brave Bison Brave Bison is an independent digital media and social video broadcaster, proudly working with some of the biggest brands and most-followed YouTube and Facebook talent in the world. Clients include Coca Cola, P&G, Microsoft, 20th Century Fox, CNBC, Universal Pictures and Google.   Brave Bison is the largest multi-platform video network in the world outside North America, with head-quarters in London and offices in Singapore and Australia.   Brave Bison makes it simple for content owners, creators, brands, publishers and platforms to unlock the value of online video, whether on a licensed, ad-funded, direct to consumer or paid placement basis   Brave Bison: http://bravebison.io/  CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Manufacturing Update Next PostNext Intention to Float Posted on 31 March 2017 by Military News Brave Bison Opens Social Video Broadcast Studio         BRAVE BISON OPENS SOCIAL VIDEO BROADCAST STUDIO     London, March 31st, 2017: Brave Bison, the independent digital media and social video broadcaster, has today opened the doors to its very own state-of-the-art broadcast facility called Yellowstone Studios.   Yellowstone Studios will not only become the home of Slash Football, Brave Bison’s fast-growing multi-platform football network, but will provide a unique, creative space for brands and influencers to explore, capture and broadcast social video content.   This unique space is purpose built for the content creation and broadcasting of what is often an unpredictable modern media mix. It is equipped with a green-screen compatible studio, designed as the perfect place for broadcasting live streams on Facebook and other social media platforms, and includes a Rhino Turf football pitch for Slash Football programming.   Slash Football has been live streaming The Last 5, billed as Final Score for the YouTube generation, from the studios since the beginning of March 2017. The channel also has a slate of football culture and entertainment formats that will be produced at the studios, featuring its stable of creator talent that includes Callux, Calfreezy and Manny. This follows the success of their ‚Absolute Shocker’ 5-a-side tournament for Teenage Cancer Trust in February.   Will Pyne, Chief Creative Officer at Brave Bison, commented: „Opening the studio marks a significant step change in Brave Bison’s development. It gives us a competitive edge over other video content producers, providing us with a creative and cultural hub to take our own programming to new levels of scale, quality and frequency. Just as importantly, we now have a space for brands and creators to test and explore ideas at the drop of a hat.”   Yellowstone Studios are located in Holborn Studios, Hoxton, London.       ENDS       For press enquiries please contact:     Brave Bison Group plc Kevin Deeley (COO)     via FTI Consulting Stockdale Securities Limited Richard Johnson / Andy Crossley                         Tel: 020 7601 6100 FTI Consulting Rob Mindell                                                Tel: 020 3727 1000     About Brave Bison Brave Bison is an independent digital media and social video broadcaster, proudly working with some of the biggest brands and most-followed YouTube and Facebook talent in the world. Clients include Coca Cola, P&G, Microsoft, 20th Century Fox, CNBC, Universal Pictures and Google.   Brave Bison is the largest multi-platform video network in the world outside North America, with head-quarters in London and offices in Singapore and Australia.   Brave Bison makes it simple for content owners, creators, brands, publishers and platforms to unlock the value of online video, whether on a licensed, ad-funded, direct to consumer or paid placement basis   Brave Bison: http://bravebison.io/  CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Manufacturing Update Next PostNext Intention to Float Search Recent Posts MedMira Reports FY2017 Second Quarter Results Genius Brands International, Inc. Announces 2016 Financial Results and Business Update Chicory Global Market Segmentation, Growth Drivers , Challenges, Key Players, Scope, Context and Forecast 2021 Celebration to honor 9-1-1 calltakers and emergency dispatch personnel Kentuckys new leadership tries to pull it back from the pension cliff Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Air Freshener Market: Facts, Figures and Analytical Insights, 2014 to 2020 Air fresheners are products used to release fragrances in order to eliminate foul smell or odour from the environment. These products are only applicable for use in indoor environments such as homes, offices, hotel rooms, cars and others. In recent years, this functional commodity has evolved to be used as a decorative product. Air fresheners comprise chemical agents such as artificial or original essence, aerosol propellants, solvents such as mineral oil, 2-butoxyethanol and other glycol ethers, which help in neutralizing odours and freshens the air. On the basis of types, these products can be broadly segmented into room sprays and diffusers. Room sprays fall under the category of aerosol sprays, which are mostly available in cans or glass bottles with attached spray nozzles. Room sprays are highly functional and instead of simply masking foul odours, they release a pleasant fragrance. On the other hand, diffusers disperse fragrance into the air. Furthermore, these are widely classified into active and passive diffusers. Active diffusers require an external energy source of energy to release fragrance. These products are designed to function on a plugged power source or with batteries. Passive diffusers do not require any external energy source and diffuse fragrance from various forms of underlying substances or layers. The various types of passive diffusers include adjustable solids, reed diffusers and gel products. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-42 Besides room sprays and diffusers, the air freshener market is further segmented into specialty products. These types of air fresheners comprise a variety of products designed to add fragrance to a room or space, and are available in various forms such as potpourri. This type of air freshener comprises forms of dried botanical and other natural ingredient such as flowers, fruits, wood chips and spices that may have fragrance oils added to them. Another is sachets, small pouches or bags filled with scented powder. Another type is incense, which is produced from a mixture of fragrant gums, resins, woods and spices and is available in varied forms such as sticks, cones, rods, coils, small blocks, wands and powders. Furthermore, fragrance oil burning lamp is another type of air freshener. This type acts as a catalytic diffusion lamp, purifying the air while releasing fragrance. Yet another type is the non-electric or evaporative air freshener. This type releases fragrance when scented oil is added to an oil warmer, which is heated using a tea light candle. Globally, the demand for air fresheners registered stable growth during the last five years, and is expected to witness favourable growth during the forecast period. This is attributed to product innovations, increased adaption of enhanced products and rising affluence. Changing and improving lifestyle and demographic factors, as well as increasing population in developing countries is driving demand for air freshener products in Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. The key drivers in the air freshener market includes product innovation and launch of new product ranges capable of delivering freshness as well as enhanced ability to eliminate offensive odours. These properties serve to enhance consumer preference for such products and offers value for money. In addition, rise in disposable income and purchasing power parity has shifted the demand of consumers towards enhanced products, which is further expected to fuel market growth. Visit For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-42 The key players in the global air freshener market include Procter & Gamble, SC Johnson, Reckitt Benckiser, Henkel, Church & Dwight, California Scents, ST Corporation, Scott’s Liquid Gold, Inc., Amway, Kobayashi, Liby, Houdy, Farcent, Jiali, Ludao, Mengjiaolan and others. The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data and statistically-supported and industry-validated market data and projections with a suitable set of assumptions and methodology. The report provides analysis and information by categories such as market segments, geographies and type. The report covers exhaustive analysis on: Market Segments Market Dynamics Market Size Supply & Demand Current Trends/Issues/Challenges Competition & Companies involved Technology Value Chain Regional analysis includes North America Latin America Asia Pacific Japan Western Europe Eastern Europe Middle East & Africa CategoriesUncategorized TagsAir Freshener Market, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “No Ordinary Easter” Planned At First Presbyterian Church Of Upland Next PostNext Digital Signage System Market: Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2014 – 2020 Search Recent Posts MedMira Reports FY2017 Second Quarter Results Genius Brands International, Inc. Announces 2016 Financial Results and Business Update Chicory Global Market Segmentation, Growth Drivers , Challenges, Key Players, Scope, Context and Forecast 2021 Celebration to honor 9-1-1 calltakers and emergency dispatch personnel Kentuckys new leadership tries to pull it back from the pension cliff Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
