Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s Largest Position Grassi Investment Management Purchases 22,751 Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Winslow Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Position Boosted by Bank of Montreal Can Bonness Enterprises Inc. Maintains Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) is Moreno Evelyn V’s 9th Largest Position Teachers Advisors LLC Has $1.12 Million Position in Medifast Inc (MED) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Kelly Services, Inc. (KELYA) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Grand Canyon Education Inc (LOPE) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Life Storage Inc (LSI) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Centurylink Inc (CTL) Debt Trading 2.2% Lower Seaport Global Securities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc Lowered by Analyst (SUPN) Masimo Co. (MASI) Short Interest Down 24.7% in May Short Interest in iShares iBoxx $ High Yid Corp Bond (HYG) Expands By 30.7% Walgreens Boots Alliance Target of Unusually High Options Trading (WBA) Traders Buy Shares of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) on Weakness After Insider Selling AmTrust Financial Services Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (AFSI) Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of Broadcom Put Options (AVGO) Winslow Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Winslow Asset Management Inc. decreased its position in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 3.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 4,679 shares of the company’s stock after selling 159 shares during the period. Winslow Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $420,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in PG. Empirical Finance LLC purchased a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $101,000. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. purchased a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $149,000. New Capital Management LP purchased a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $210,000. Finally, Loudon Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Loudon Investment Management LLC now owns 2,515 shares of the company’s stock worth $211,000 after buying an additional 48 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 88.59 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $226.58 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.29 and a beta of 0.64. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $87.40 and a 200 day moving average of $87.26. Procter & Gamble Co has a one year low of $80.95 and a one year high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.94 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business had revenue of $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.70 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.86 earnings per share. Procter & Gamble Co’s quarterly revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Friday, April 21st were paid a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.11%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 19th. This is an increase from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 48.73%. WARNING: “Winslow Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/winslow-asset-management-inc-cuts-position-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. A number of research analysts have recently issued reports on PG shares. Vetr cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $84.90 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $99.00 to $101.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, Evercore ISI restated an “underweight” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $92.90. In related news, insider Ioannis Skoufalos sold 3,879 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Monday, May 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.17, for a total transaction of $334,253.43. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Patrice Louvet sold 29,621 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.01, for a total transaction of $2,547,702.21. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 76,651 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,592,752.51. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 199,891 shares of company stock valued at $17,276,637 in the last three months. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content × Search Search Search ✔ BayToday.ca ✔ Classifieds ✔ Google Search site × 11.5 °Cforecast > Home Local Local News More Local Northern Ontario Local Sports City Police Beat OPP Beat Weather NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Announcements Obituaries In Memoriam Births Weddings and Engagements Anniversaries Graduations Careers Lost and Found Pets Notices and Tenders Classifieds All Listings Today's Ads Create or Manage your FREE Account Post a Classified (FREE) Your Ads National National News National Business National Entertainment Automotive National Sports National Hockey Columns The Doctor Game Perspectives Penny wise Genealogy In Action The Aboriginal Beat This Should Work with Bruce MacNab Wine All the Time Aisle Seat Remember This? Financial Literacy Debbie Travis' House to Home Everything King (with Wendy King) Entertainment Entertainment News Movie Showtimes & Trailers Horoscopes Lottery Results Crosswords Comics Shop Local Flyers Gas Prices Garage Sales Home More Local P & G Auto takes tires off the road to help make children's dreams come true 'Some of the problems we think are big, are nothing compared to what they're going through' Darrell Pitman, P & G Auto 0 Jun 2, 2017 6:04 PM by: Linda Holmes Updated Jun 2, 2017 10:05 PM Previous Next 1 / 1 P & G Auto accepts old tires to raise money for the Sunshine Foundation Expand Previous Next In 2013, Darrell Pitman, owner of P & G Auto, volunteered on a Sunshine Foundation Dreamlift. The Sunshine Foundation of Canada helps make dreams come true for children living with severe physical disabilities or life-threatening illnesses. That morning a plane full of excited youngsters left Toronto for a quick one day trip to Disney World with Pitman on board. He still keeps in touch with one of the Sunshine children he helped on that trip.   "For most of them, it's their first time away from their parents. It was an amazing experience," said Pitman. "Some of the problems we think are big, are nothing compared to what they're going through, and they get so much out of that small trip to Florida."    The Sunshine Foundation is a charitable organization that relies heavily on donations. This is the eighth year for the 'OARA Tire Take Back' fundraising initiative. For the past few weeks, the Ontario Automotive Recyclers Association along with Ontario Tire Stewardship, encouraged people to drop off their used tires free of charge, at participating locations. Pitman said for each tired dropped off, OTS donates one dollar to the Sunshine Foundation. "We put them in a pile and then they're picked up by one of the tire haulers." Pitman pointed out the tires are all recycled. "Mulch for your garden is made from scrap tires now, they make some kind of shingles, rubber mats, stuff like that."   Pitman said 10 years ago the tires would be piled up, and when it rained, the standing water would become a breeding ground for mosquitoes. Back then when enough tires were collected, they would be disposed of at the landfill.   Jeff Serran's family has been dropping off old tires off at P & G, taking advantage of the fundraiser for years. Serran likes that it benefits both children and the environment. "Not only are you making a difference for the people that need the services, but it's helping protect our environment so it's here for future generations," said Serran. Friday was the last day to drop off tires. At the end of each campaign P & G holds a community fundraising barbecue. Pitman expects to donate roughly $4,000 from this year's event. Over the years his business has diverted nearly 4,500 tires from the landfill while managing to raise close to $9,400 for the Sunshine Foundation. See a typo/mistake? Have a story/tip? 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Email Text Comments More More Local Le Fromage Country Market opens in Verner Special Olympics mini putt A microchip, the size of a grain of rice, is sometimes all it takes to reunite a lost pet with its owner Visit our homepage > Latest Poll Is Premier Wynne's proposed $15 minimum wage good or bad for the province? view related story Good Bad Unsure Vote results > archives > Local Local News More Local Northern Ontario Local Sports City Police Beat OPP Beat Weather NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Announcements Obituaries In Memoriam Births Weddings and Engagements Anniversaries Graduations Careers Lost and Found Pets Notices and Tenders Classifieds All Listings Today's Ads Create or Manage your FREE Account Post a Classified (FREE) Your Ads National National News National Business National Entertainment Automotive National Sports National Hockey Columns Perspectives Penny wise Genealogy In Action The Aboriginal Beat Financial Literacy Entertainment Entertainment News Movie Showtimes & Trailers Horoscopes Lottery Results Crosswords Comics Shop Local Flyers Gas Prices Garage Sales About Advertising Terms of Service Privacy About Contact Village Media Visit our network of sites: BarrieToday.com BayToday.ca GuelphToday.com SooToday.com TimminsToday.com Partner sites: Sudbury.com TBNewsWatch.com Manitoulin.ca Local Xpress © 2017 BayToday.ca
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Free doughnuts for National Donut Day; free movies; storm supply savings during tax holiday Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: Celebrate National Donut Day with free doughnuts at Krisy Kreme Dunkin' Donuts and others. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! It's National Donut Day and you can celebrate the holey holiday with free doughnuts at Dunkin' Donuts, Krispy Kreme and other spots. Also, we've entered hurricane season, and it's predicted to be a busy one with five to nine named storms. Prepare and save on storm supplies during Florida's 2017 Disaster Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday through Sunday. Also, school's out and summer fun's in. Check my list of 50 free and cheap things to do, from free movies to spa treatments to museum visits. Have a great weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. FREEBIES Free doughnuts for National Donut Day on Friday Free $10 movie tickets with purchase of P&G products at Publix Free tax on eligible hurricane supplies during Florida's 2017 Disaster Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday, expires Sunday Free and cheap summer fun for everyone Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65+ attractions, restaurants Free $5 gift card with Target food purchase by texting MEAT to 827438 Free movie rental on Google Play from Orville Redenbacher Free entry at Flagler Museum on Monday Free museum visits on Saturday-Sunday from Bank of America Free Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals just for teachers Free swim lessons for children in Broward and Palm Beach counties Free saltwater and freshwater fishing days in June Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free and discounted movies for military families with Blue Star theater program Doreen Christensen Friday is a holey holiday as we celebrate National Donut Day with free sweet treats at participating locations. Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic doughnut with any beverage purchase. Try the new Vanilla Cake Batter Donut with cake batter filling frosted with chocolate icing and confetti sprinkles.... Friday is a holey holiday as we celebrate National Donut Day with free sweet treats at participating locations. Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic doughnut with any beverage purchase. Try the new Vanilla Cake Batter Donut with cake batter filling frosted with chocolate icing and confetti sprinkles.... (Doreen Christensen) Free custom Disney Family cling decal Free 90-day membership at BJ's Wholesale Club Free appetizer at BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse; expires June 17 Free book for kids with Barnes & Noble summer reading program Free sub with purchase at Jersey Mike's; expires June 15 Free $10 gift cards with $20 purchase at Publix; expires July 31 Free 8-by-10 portrait sheet for military at JC Penney; expires July 11 Free tickets for military families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Beauty goodies for men and women include free waxing services at European Wax Center, free Burberry fragrance samples, gifts for your birthday, beauty boxes and Sephora makeup classes.  (Doreen Christensen) Free entry for four at Frost Science Museum, Vizcaya, with library card Free waxing at European Wax Center Free $5 gift card instantly with purchase of P&G products at Publix Free samples of Breathe Right Nasal Strips Free Sawgrass Mills coupon books with hundreds in savings Free kids' meals at Chili's; expires Sunday Free ropes course for graduates with tassel at Xtreme Action Park Free month of DirecTV Now with code ROKU1MONTH; expires Aug. 31 Free samples of Starbucks K-Cups Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free samples of Nexcare bandages Free bottle of Nestea Free $10 gift cards with Publix rewards programs Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins Free extra 3 months of Google Express with code GETDELIVERY Free DC Super Hero Girls Wonder Woman Day Special Edition #1 comic book Free Atkins Quick-Start Kit and $5 off coupon Free Kind Bar for your friends Free $10 Nordstrom gift card with rewards signup; expires July 9 Free sample of TRESemme shampoo Free drinks, side items at Steak 'n Shake; expires June 11 Free movie tickets from AT&T at Cinemark, AMC and Regal The votes are in as fans of Trader Joe's picked the top products in the chain's 8th Annual Customer Choice Awards. The California-based grocery chain stocks more than 3,000 private-label brands and enjoys a cultlike following. (Doreen Christensen) Free sunglasses with Skittles purchase; expires June 27 Free water bottle, cinch sack from Jolly Time Popcorn Free burger with text signup at Checkers Free summer Walmart Beauty Box stuffed with products and samples Free movie ticket from General Mills cereal; expires Oct. 31 Free Noosa yogurt Free 4-inch sub with app download at Quiznos Free side salad with app download at Blaze Fast Fire'd Pizza Free entree with purchase at P.F. Chang's Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwest Grill Doreen Christensen Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... (Doreen Christensen) Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free $7.99 Schwarzkopf Gliss hair repair product; expires Dec. 31 Free Schwarzkopf hair color product; expires Dec. 31 Free sample of Albolene Eye Makeup Remover Free Salonpas pain relief patches Free sample of LivRelief Pain Cream Free concert tickets from Ticketmaster.com Free tickets, discounts to stage performances from GoldStar.com Free 1-hour GoGo In-Flight Wi-Fi, texting for T-Mobile customers Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins by texting SCOOP to 31310 Free pet exam at VCA Animal Hospital Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free facial at Aveda retail stores Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime Video Free Oxy On-The-Go Acne Stick rebate; expires Oct. 31 Free Red Bull Energy Drink at Walgreens; expires June 14 Free Right-Guard antiperspirant rebate; expires June 15 Free 1 month of service or free $150 Apple TV from DirecTV Now Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free Angie's List membership Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Wal-Mart Vision Centers Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free 1,200 photo prints per year with free Snapfish mobile app Doreen Christensen We’ll be seeing a lot more red in the Miami Design District now that famed French luxury designer Christian Louboutin has opened a new Florida flagship boutique. The designer who creates those wildly expensive and beautiful shoes with the striking red soles celebrated on Tuesday the opening of... We’ll be seeing a lot more red in the Miami Design District now that famed French luxury designer Christian Louboutin has opened a new Florida flagship boutique. The designer who creates those wildly expensive and beautiful shoes with the striking red soles celebrated on Tuesday the opening of... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS 20 percent off at Kohl's; expires Sunday 20 percent off at Macy's; expires Wednesday 20 percent off at JC Penney; expires Saturday 20 percent off at  Lord & Taylor; expires Wednesday June Target Beauty Boxes for men and women for $7 20 percent off at Beall's Florida; expires Saturday 50 percent off at A.C. Moore; expires Saturday 40 percent off at Michaels $25 off furniture purchase at IKEA $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot 20 percent off at Ulta Beauty; expires Saturday $20 off at HSN using Visa Checkout 40 percent off at Jo-Ann Fabric; expires Saturday Earn 125 Starbucks stars with purchase of K-Cups and bottled drinks 50 percent off two Uber rides from Chase $5 off at BJ's Wholesale Club with free membership; expires July 31 25 cents off per gallon of gas with product purchase at BJ's Wholesale Club; expires July 5 $10 off at Lane Bryant by texting MOBILE to 552255 $20 off at Festival Flea Market Mall; expires June 30 $10 off grocery pickup service at Wal-Mart 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Walgreens paperless coupons Costco Wholesale coupons  Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Doreen Christensen Get a free entree when you buy one at P.F. Chang's. Sign up by email for a limited time to get a coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free main entree or salad at your favorite location when dining in. Print or show the coupon on your smartphone. You'll also be opting in to receive promotional emails. ... Get a free entree when you buy one at P.F. Chang's. Sign up by email for a limited time to get a coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free main entree or salad at your favorite location when dining in. Print or show the coupon on your smartphone. You'll also be opting in to receive promotional emails. ... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS May restaurant and retail roundup How to stop annoying robocalls 7 hacks to get free flights and avoid fees on Spirit Airlines Amazon offers free shipping with $25 purchase Target raises free shipping rate by $10 Groupon trade-in offer for Groupon Bucks Trader Joe's tops Publix in Consumer Reports grocery store survey Bust dirt and grime with DIY green cleaning products Wal-Mart offers pickup discounts with online orders How to easily save energy to lower FPL power bills Palm Beach socialite shares thrift-store shopping secrets Spring and summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Wawa opens three South Florida locations Winn-Dixie replaces Fuelperks! with Plenti rewards AmazonFresh delivering fresh groceries to South Florida doorsteps Comparing unlimited data plans from the "Big Four" carriers Verizon offers unlimited data plan Earn gift cards galore with Publix rewards programs News for cable and satellite TV cord cutters How to save $1,400 with the 52-Week Money Challenge Sip craft brews and wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free two-day shipping from Wal-Mart on millions of items Doreen Christensen It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich with purchase Buca di Beppo: $15 off $30 purchase; expires June 11 Checkers: Free burger with text signup Chili's: Free kids' meals; expires Sunday Cumberland Farms: Free doughnut on Friday Dunkin' Donuts: Free doughnut on Friday Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card Friendly's: Free scoop and 25 percent off with rewards signup HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich Jersey Mike's: Free sub with purchase; expires June 15 Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: Free doughnut on Friday Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Moe's Southwest Grill: Free queso and burrito Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off for military families; expires July 4 Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup P.F. Chang's: Free entree with purchase, with email signup Quiznos: Free sub with download of Toasty Points loyalty app Red Robin: 35 percent off online orders with code YUMMM35 Steak 'n Shake: Free drinks, side items and coupons; expires June 11 T.G.I. Friday's: All-you-can-eat appetizers School's out and summer fun's in so let's get the party started with some free and cheap fun in and out of the South Florida sun. Here’s omre than 50 wet and wild ways to save all summer long. Click here to see a video. (Doreen Christensen) FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO 50 free and cheap ways to have summer sun Free museum visits on Saturday-Sunday from Bank of America Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free movies for military families with Blue Star theater program Free National Parks Military Pass for military and families with ID Free admission for veterans, military, fire, police and EMT at Zoo Miami and half-off for up to 6 family members, through Friday Free entry for 4 at Frost Science Museum with Miami-Dade library card $8 films in June during Miami Film Month Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65 attractions, restaurants Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins Unlimited trips to 4 attractions with Summer Savings Pass Unlimited visits to 5 attractions with South Florida Adventure Pass Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturdays-Sundays Free guitar classes at Guitar Center on Saturdays Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal e-movie tickets with AARP card Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores Doreen Christensen Step back in time to the Gilded Age and wander around Whitehall, Henry Flagler's palatial Palm Beach estate, for free on Monday. From noon to 5 p.m., entry fees will be waived on Founder Day, which is celebrated each year on June 5 to honor Flagler's granddaughter, Jean Flagler Matthews, who established... Step back in time to the Gilded Age and wander around Whitehall, Henry Flagler's palatial Palm Beach estate, for free on Monday. From noon to 5 p.m., entry fees will be waived on Founder Day, which is celebrated each year on June 5 to honor Flagler's granddaughter, Jean Flagler Matthews, who established... (Doreen Christensen) TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Just for teachers: Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals Summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Florida resident deal: 3 days for $139 at Disney World; expires June 9 Hotel, travel discounts in 100 cities from Convention & Visitor Bureaus Free admission, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Summer savings from Discover the Palm Beaches Freebies and deals for Florida residents from Sunny.org Special offers, deals and discounts at Disney World Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Celebrate National Donut Day with free doughnuts at Dunin' Donuts and Krispy Kreme. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 81°
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teachers Advisors LLC Has $1.20 Million Position in Photronics, Inc. (PLAB) Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Shares Sold by Cordasco Financial Network Woodstock Corp Sells 3,261 Shares of Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Cordasco Financial Network Has $191,000 Stake in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by Gradient Investments LLC CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Increases Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Bought by Portfolio Solutions LLC Bank of Montreal Can Sells 63,640 Shares of Finish Line Inc (FINL) HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €95.00 Price Target by Citigroup Inc Analysts HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €107.00 Price Target at BNP Paribas Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) a €42.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Reiterates €9.50 Price Target for Evotec AG (EVT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Initiates Coverage on CUI Global Inc (CUI) Short Interest in Entegra Financial Corp (ENFC) Drops By 6.8% IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Now Covered by Aegis Wedbush Comments on Genuine Parts Company’s Q3 2017 Earnings (GPC) Stabilus SA (STM) PT Set at €66.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Wacker Chemie AG (WCH) PT Set at €98.00 by Morgan Stanley Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG (PBB) Given a €13.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) PT Set at $35.00 by BMO Capital Markets Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by Gradient Investments LLC June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Gradient Investments LLC raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 16.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 69,541 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 9,966 shares during the period. Gradient Investments LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $6,248,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the stock. E&G Advisors LP raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 13.0% in the first quarter. E&G Advisors LP now owns 10,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $934,000 after buying an additional 1,200 shares during the last quarter. Home Federal Bank of Tennessee raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 38.3% in the first quarter. Home Federal Bank of Tennessee now owns 30,769 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,765,000 after buying an additional 8,516 shares during the last quarter. Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 3.2% in the first quarter. Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. now owns 17,828 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,601,000 after buying an additional 548 shares during the last quarter. Univest Corp of Pennsylvania raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 2.7% in the first quarter. Univest Corp of Pennsylvania now owns 9,395 shares of the company’s stock worth $844,000 after buying an additional 251 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Stillwater Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 1.6% in the first quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC now owns 23,896 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,147,000 after buying an additional 385 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE PG) opened at 88.13 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $87.44 and a 200-day moving average price of $87.22. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12-month low of $80.95 and a 12-month high of $92.00. The stock has a market cap of $225.40 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.20 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co also was the target of some unusual options trading activity on Tuesday. Stock investors bought 823 call options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 294% compared to the average daily volume of 209 call options. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.70 billion. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The firm’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.86 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Friday, April 21st were paid a $0.6896 dividend. This is an increase from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.13%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is presently 48.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/procter-gamble-co-pg-shares-bought-by-gradient-investments-llc.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on PG. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price target on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. B. Riley lowered Procter & Gamble Co to a “neutral” rating and set a $91.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price target on Procter & Gamble Co from $99.00 to $101.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, Vetr lowered Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $87.23 price target for the company. in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $92.90. In related news, insider Ioannis Skoufalos sold 3,879 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.17, for a total value of $334,253.43. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Patrice Louvet sold 3,837 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $333,819.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 46,913 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,081,431. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 199,891 shares of company stock valued at $17,276,637. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by wiseguyreports 2017-2022 Global Power Toothbrush Market Size, Share, Trends, Opportunities & Forecast In this report, the global Power Toothbrush market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Power Toothbrush in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Power Toothbrush market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including  P&G Philips Colgate-Palmolive Panasonic WaterPik ARM&HAMMER Omron LION Ningbo seago Lebond Guangzhou Wanyuan RisunTechnology Kanger Li TRULY SKG Yuwell Berrcom On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Kids Adults On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Power Toothbrush for each application, including Vibration Rotation-oscillation If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Get Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/932347-global-power-toothbrush-market-research-report-2017 Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/932347-global-power-toothbrush-market-research-report-2017 Table Of content Global Power Toothbrush Market Research Report 2017 1 Power Toothbrush Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Power Toothbrush 1.2 Power Toothbrush Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Power Toothbrush Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Power Toothbrush Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Kids 1.2.4 Adults 1.3 Global Power Toothbrush Segment by Application 1.3.1 Power Toothbrush Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Vibration 1.3.3 Rotation-oscillation 1.4 Global Power Toothbrush Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Power Toothbrush Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Power Toothbrush (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Power Toothbrush Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 7 Global Power Toothbrush Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 P&G 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 P&G Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Philips 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Philips Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Colgate-Palmolive 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Colgate-Palmolive Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Panasonic 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Panasonic Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 WaterPik 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 WaterPik Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 ARM&HAMMER 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 ARM&HAMMER Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Omron 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Omron Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 LION 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 LION Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Ningbo seago 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Ningbo seago Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Lebond 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Lebond Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Guangzhou Wanyuan 7.12 RisunTechnology 7.13 Kanger Li 7.14 TRULY 7.15 SKG 7.16 Yuwell 7.17 Berrcom 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 9.1 Power Toothbrush Industrial Chain Analysis 9.2 Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing 9.3 Raw Materials Sources of Power Toothbrush Major Manufacturers in 2015 9.4 Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders  10.1 Marketing Channel 10.1.1 Direct Marketing 10.1.2 Indirect Marketing 10.1.3 Marketing Channel Development Trend 10.2 Market Positioning 10.2.1 Pricing Strategy 10.2.2 Brand Strategy 10.2.3 Target Client 10.3 Distributors/Traders List … Buy Now@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=932347 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Global 1, power toothbrush, power toothbrush industry, power toothbrush industry trends, Power Toothbrush Manufacturers, Power Toothbrush Prospectus, Power Toothbrush Segmentation Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Black Annealed Wire Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Investor Ideas new Mining Stocks: Zinc One Resources (TSX: $Z.V; OTC: $ZZZOF), US Gold Corp. (Nasdaq: $DRAM) Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Conill and Procter & Gamble win Effie Award L-R: Carlos Martinez (Conill), Tom Lanktree (Conill), Carolina Rogoll (P&G), Julia Estacio (Conill) “Calling attention to the issues of stereotyping was an audacious and timely message in today’s environment. Los Angeles, CA (PRWEB) June 02, 2017 Conill and Procter & Gamble were among the winners of the 2017 North American Effie Awards, earning Bronze honors in the Hispanic category for the Tide brand’s Wash Away Labels marketing campaign. The award was presented at a gala event, held last night in New York City. The Wash Away Labels campaign centered on the realities Latinos face in today’s society and the negative stereotypes often associated with their countries of origin. Hurtful labels such as Mexicans as “beaners” or Cubans as “balseros” were painted on white T-shirts using ketchup instead of ink. People then washed away these stereotypes by washing the T-shirts using Tide Pods. The resulting stain-free shirts were then emblazoned with positive, more accurate monikers, such as “trabajadores” ( hard workers) and “valientes” (the brave). “This was a deeply personal campaign for many of our people,” said Conill President Carlos Martinez. “Calling attention to the issues of stereotyping was an audacious and timely message in today’s environment. This award is testament to the power of positive ideas from a bold, uncompromising brand and client.” An annual program, the North American Effie Awards honor the most effective marketing efforts of the year that represent cases that demonstrate effectiveness in solving a marketing challenge connected with the target audience and successful results. The Wash Away Labels work can be viewed at: https://conill.com/work/client/washawaylabels ABOUT CONILL Founded in 1968 as the nation’s first Latino marketing agency, Conill is currently among the most highly awarded multicultural agencies in the U.S. It has been recognized in Advertising Age’s annual Agency A-List Report in seven of the past ten years, including Multicultural Agency of the Year honors in 2011 and 2007. The agency’s roster of clients includes Aflac, Denny’s, Nationwide, Procter & Gamble, T-Mobile and Toyota Motor Sales. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious KCP&L Continues Sustainability Commitment by Announcing Retirement of Six Units at Three Power Plants Next PostNext L.A. Summer Residency Launches at Otis College Search Recent Posts Bloomberg faces an unexpected new threat to its dominance in data The London Stock Exchange Group could rebrand itself as International Data Inc ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML Completes Acquisition of HMI Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump Noah Haglund Sat Jun 3rd, 2017 1:30am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing examiner to take a closer look at plans for a housing development next to a dormant dump where underground fires burned decades ago. The neighborhood east of Everett’s Silver Lake has a long history with the Go-East landfill and Bakerview, the subdivision the landowner has been trying to build. The last time P&G East LLC of Kirkland submitted plans for a 97-home proposal, the hearing examiner sent them back for more study. That was two years ago. In early May, the reworked project re-emerged from the county planning department. Planners decided it would have no significant environmental impact, if the developer follows specific steps. The decision addresses closing the old landfill, rezoning the parcel for residential use and creating a subdivision. The neighbors aren’t convinced, given the landfill’s history. “Several (homeowners association) members will be directly affected by any explosion or fires that may occur due to the release of methane gas that is generated in the landfill or the combustion of other flammable materials, similar to what occurred in the 1970s and 1980s,” their appeal states. Magnesium and old car parts are thought to have contributed to the fires, but no one is certain what’s underground. The dump ceased operations in 1983. It still needs to undergo a formal closure process. The neighbors argue that the county and the Snohomish Health District need to do more work on that front. Also on the neighbors’ list of concerns are the prospect of increased traffic, construction noise, landslide risks, polluted storm runoff and compromised views. They wonder who would be responsible for monitoring the landfill after it closes, and who would pay if something goes wrong. Gary East, who bought the landfill in 1979 with eyes on redeveloping it, has called government requirements to close it “draconian.” East has said neighbors are opposing a plan that promises to improve their area — not make it worse. He also has asked why neighbors make frequent use of the trails crisscrossing the wooded property, if they’re alleging it’s dangerous. The appeal was filed May 22 by the homeowners associations for 108th Street Point and Kings Ridge. Together, they include about 150 homes, many alongside the proposed building site. No hearing date has been set. The houses wouldn’t be directly on top of the old landfill, but on a different part of the property on the 4300 block of 108th Street SE, outside Everett city limits. About two-thirds of the 40-acre site would remain as open space or buffers.   Most Read Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 charged after scuffle over stolen meat and a stab in the eye MARYSVILLE — A Snohomish woman was indignant that a grocery store manager… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Diana Hefley Anchor Pub hosts nontraditional church services once a month EVERETT — Their beliefs are traditional, but not much else. Judson and… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Rikki King Snohomish family’s roses have adorned Sorticulture for 16 years Make sure you stop to smell the roses at Sorticulture. Literally. Antique… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Sara Bruestle Woman with apparent mental illness charged with harassment LYNNWOOD — She came out of her apartment with a 9-inch kitchen… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Scott North © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: News Osinbajo, Amosun task companies to source raw materials locally Published June 3, 2017June 3, 2017 Share Tweet Share Pin it +1 Osinbajo during the Democracy Day address. The Acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, has called on manufacturing companies in the country to source their raw materials locally and reduce the importation of same to cut their cost of production and maximise profit. Speaking during the inauguration of Procter and Gamble factory in Agbara, Ogun State, on Thursday, Osinbajo said this would guarantee their viability and security in their host communities. A statement on Friday by the Commissioner for Information and Strategy in the state, Adedayo Adeneye, noted that the acting President, who commended the company’s efforts in the area of corporate social responsibility, especially on its safety water and hygiene initiatives, called on the company to do more. Earlier in his speech, Ogun State Governor, Senator Ibikunle Amosun, said the state had attracted the largest foreign direct investment in Nigeria, noting that this was a testament to the ease of doing business in the state. While promising that the state government would fix the Atan – Lusada – Agbara Road, he asked the companies in the axis to invest part of their profit in the project. He reiterated the call by the acting President on companies operating in the state to source their raw materials locally, in order to reduce production cost and maximise profit. The Managing Director, Procter and Gamble, Mr. George Nassar, appreciated the efforts of the Federal Government and Ogun State in particular, for their efforts in boosting the ease of doing business in the country. Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected]   Share Tweet Pin it +1 economy FG to raise VAT on champagne, other luxury items Stopping the looming economic implosion UNIDO to support Nigeria’s special economic zones, MSMEs Osinbajo seeks private sector’s support to revamp economy CBN extends stamp duty collection to savings accounts Recession has eaten up our 18,000 minimum wage – NLC Fashola: There is nothing to celebrate yet Inflation rate drops to 17.24% – NBS Trending Senate plans to invite CBN, banks over high interest rates Robbers kill bank agent, withdraw N2m from account Alleged bribery tape: Melaye, judge must come clean, says Adeyemi Lagos pupils’ abduction: Police locate kidnappers’ den, victims Presidency not wrong by delayed budget signing – Rep Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Eyeliners Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Eyeliners Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 PUNE, INDIA, June 2, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Eyeliners Market In this report, the global Eyeliners market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Global Eyeliners market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including L’OREAL Esteelauder Procter & Gamble LVMH Shiseido Christian Dior Amorepacific Group CHANEL Jordana Cosmetics Revlon SISLEY Jane Iredale KATE Almay Phydicians Formula VOV Marykay Marie Dalgar Carslan Flamingo Bleunuit Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1082456-global-eyeliners-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Eyeliners in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Liquid Eyeliner Powder-Based Eye Pencil? Wax-Based Eye Pencils? Kohl Eyeliner Gel Eye Liner On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Eyeliners for each application, including Women Males for Purpose Like Fashion Girls For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1082456-global-eyeliners-market-research-report-2017 Some Major Points from Table of content: Global Eyeliners Market Research Report 2017 1 Eyeliners Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Eyeliners 1.2 Eyeliners Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Eyeliners Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Eyeliners Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Liquid Eyeliner 1.2.4 Powder-Based Eye Pencil? 1.2.5 Wax-Based Eye Pencils? 1.2.6 Kohl Eyeliner 1.2.7 Gel Eye Liner 1.3 Global Eyeliners Segment by Application 1.3.1 Eyeliners Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Women 1.3.3 Males for Purpose Like Fashion 1.3.4 Girls 1.4 Global Eyeliners Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Eyeliners Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Eyeliners (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Eyeliners Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Eyeliners Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Eyeliners Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Eyeliners Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Eyeliners Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Eyeliners Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Eyeliners Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Eyeliners Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Eyeliners Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Eyeliners Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Eyeliners Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Eyeliners Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1082456-global-eyeliners-market-research-report-2017 3 Global Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Eyeliners Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Eyeliners Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Eyeliners Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Eyeliners Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Eyeliners Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Audeze Adds Black/Steel Edition to Acclaimed iSINE In-Ear Series Next PostNext Foxwoods Resort Casino Expands into Ecotourism with Launch of Foxwoods HighFlyer Zipline Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Google, GE, Apple, Dozens Of Other Companies Denounce Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Google, GE, Apple, Dozens Of Other Companies Denounce Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord Image courtesy of James LeVeque June 2, 2017 2:01 pm EDT By Kate Cox@kcoxdc money is green climate change capitalism sustainability The biggest news of the week, so far, has been President Trump’s decision to pull the United States out of the landmark Paris Agreement. And while politicians’ support or condemnation of the withdrawal is predictably split along party lines, one surprising consensus has emerged: The business world, including the corporations that run basically everything, really wish we would stay in. The decision, which Trump announced in a Rose Garden speech yesterday, starts the several-year process for taking the U.S. out of the international agreement, also called the Paris Climate Accord. The agreement was finalized in Paris (hence the name) in 2015. 195 nations — basically, the entire world save two — have signed on to the non-binding accord, agreeing to take voluntary steps to reduce emissions and mitigate climate change. NPR has a full, easy-to-read explainer of the terms the nations all agreed to. Basically, it’s a voluntary pledge to do something by 2020, and then work toward a global goal of zero greenhouse gas emissions by some vague “mid-century” date. However, the President decided the U.S. should not remain in the planet-wide agreement. “As of today,” he said in his speech yesterday, the United States will cease all implementation of the nonbinding Paris accord and the draconian financial and economic burdens the agreement imposes on our country.” The D.C. rumor mill had signaled for a while that this withdrawal was probably coming, and so businesses began to stake out their positions ahead of the formal speech. Earlier in May, the CEOs for 30 major corporations signed an open letter all but begging the administration to leave well enough alone. Why? Not out of any deep moral sentiment; business is business. Instead, staying in the agreement, they argue, is what’s best for capitalism. “Based on our vast experience doing business all over the world,” the CEOs write, “we believe there is strong potential for negative trade implications if the United States exits from the Paris Agreement.” “Our business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced response to reducing global GHG emissions. The Paris Agreement gives us that flexible framework to manage climate change while providing a smooth transition for business.” The letter wasn’t signed by a bunch of startups and newbies, but rather by the biggest names in banking, manufacturing, media, and agriculture including: 3M, Dow Chemical, Bank of America, Procter & Gamble, General Electric, Goldman Sachs, Citigroup, Johnson & Johnson, Tesla, Coca-Cola, JP Morgan Chase, Unilever, Morgan Stanley, and Disney, among others. After the announcement was made, several CEOs voiced their disappointment and vowed that their businesses would continue to act believing that climate change is a real threat. Several took to Twitter to voice their displeasure. General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt Tweeted, “Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government. — Jeff Immelt (@JeffImmelt) June 1, 2017 He was joined by Tesla’s Elon Musk, who Tweeted that the withdrawal was enough to make him resign from Presidential advisory councils he sits on. Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 “Climate change is real,” Musk said. “Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.” Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein made his first-ever Tweet yesterday, and used it to voice disappointment with the administration’s choice: “Today’s decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.’s leadership position in the world,” he Tweeted. Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement — Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) June 1, 2017 The major players in the tech world also nearly universally condemned the choice. Google CEO Sundar Pichai, like many others, took to Twitter to make a statement, saying, “Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all.” Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all. — Sundar Pichai (@sundarpichai) June 1, 2017 Microsoft’s Brad Smith said nearly the same, also on Twitter, saying, “We’re disappointed with the decision to exit the Paris Agreement. Microsoft remains committed to doing our part to achieve its goals.” We’re disappointed with the decision to exit the Paris Agreement. Microsoft remains committed to doing our part to achieve its goals. — Brad Smith (@BradSmi) June 1, 2017 Amazon joined the fray in a four-part Tweetstorm from the company’s official news account saying, “Amazon continues to support the Paris climate agreement and action on climate change. We believe that robust clean energy and climate policies can support American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth.” Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, of course, posted his statement on Facebook, for obvious reasons. “Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement is bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children’s future at risk,” Zuck posted. “Stopping climate change is something we can only do as a global community, and we have to act together before it’s too late.” Apple CEO Tim Cook was even more blunt in a company-wide email to employees. “I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement,” Cook wrote. After outlining steps Apple is currently taking toward sustainability, Cook concluded, “Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. … Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us.” And lest you think it’s just the new, modern vanguard of tech businesses objecting, those CEOs were joined by stalwarts Dow Chemical, Shell Oil, and Exxon Mobil — none of which exactly enjoy public reputations for environmental friendliness. But for public-facing condemnation, the most visible has been The Weather Channel. Although the cable network itself is still owned by a consortium of NBCUniversal and investment groups, since 2016 its website, Weather.com, has been owned by IBM. And that website has been basically as scathing as it is possible for website layout to be. While the formal announcement was taking place yesterday, this was how it looked: And it hasn’t eased up today. Folks seeking weather forecasts are now greeted with a wall full of climate change proof, news, and protests front and center: June 2, 2017 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc money is green climate change capitalism sustainability Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related promises From Apple To Walmart, Over A Dozen Of The Biggest Businesses In The U.S. Sign On To White House Climate Pledge isis is a goddess People And Businesses Named ‘Isis’ Really Don’t Want To Change Their Names what the what TPP: Leaked Chapter Shows Trade Agreement Could Have Big Effects On Drug Prices, Privacy working together Carmakers, Regulators To Announce Agreement To Improve Vehicle Safety changing the game 3M Vows To Avoid Using Paper Sources That Come From Threatened Forests Previous Big Box Stores Blamed For Giant, Terrifying Spider Next Photographer Sues Forever 21, Urban Outfitters Over Tupac T-Shirt Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Photographer Sues Forever 21, Urban Outfitters Over Tupac T-Shirt Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Amit Pawar Razor Blade Market: Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2017–2022 Razor Blade Market analysis is provided for united states market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of Razor Blade market. A razor blade is a blade used in a razor, typically a flat piece of metal with a sharp edge or edges used in a safety razor which is used to remove unwanted hair from the face or body. Get Sample PDF of Razor Blade Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10656876 Top Manufacturers covered in Razor Blade Market reports are: Gillette(P&G), Edgewell Personal Care, BIC, Laser Razor Blades, Lord, DORCO, Supermax, Harry’s (Feintechnik) and many others. In this introductory section, the research report incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Razor Blade Industry Research Report is backed by extensive primary and secondary research which delivers valuable market insights and competitive analysis of the Razor Blade market. It also includes market opportunities, drivers, restraints, key player profile & their strategies, challenges and investment potential. Furthermore, this report also covers detailed evaluation of these companies with their production, price, revenue and market share. Production plants, their capacities, united states production and revenue are studied. By Product Type Analysis the Razor Blade Market is Segmented into: Double Edge Razor Blades, Single Edge Razor Blades.  By Applications Analysis Razor Blade Market is Segmented into: Men’s razors, Women’s razor. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Razor Blade Market Research Report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/10656876 Major Regions covered in the Razor Blade Market report include: United States, Canada, Mexico.   Further in the Razor Blade Market research report, following points market opportunities, market risk and market overview are included along with in-depth study of each point. Production of the Razor Blade is analyzed with respect to different regions, types and applications. The sales, revenue, and price analysis by types and applications of Razor Blade market key players is also covered. Both, sales and revenue are studied for the different regions of the united states Razor Blade Market. It also covers Razor Blade market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the united states regions. In continuation with sales, this section studies distributors, traders and dealers for the Razor Blade Market. No. Pages in Report: 124 Get Full Access of Razor Blade Market Report at $ 4480 (SUL) @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10656876 The next part also sheds light on the gap between supply and consumption. Apart from the mentioned information, growth rate of Razor Blade market in 2022 is also explained. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption tables and figures of Razor Blade market are also given. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews, Space TagsBusiness, Razor Blade Market, Razor Blade Market Analysis, Razor Blade Market Forecast, Razor Blade Market Growth, Razor Blade Market Opportunities, Razor Blade Market Research, Razor Blade Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Architecture Curtain Wall Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Biological Microlenses Market Analysis 2017 (By Segment, Key Players and Applications) and Forecasts To 2022 Search Recent Posts Pacifists cheer Methodist minister ahead of trial for criminal damage Hyland Appoints Charles Hanna as Domestic Director of Insurance Solutions Group Governor Cuomo Announces I Love New York, Israel Ministry of Tourism and El Al Israel Airlines Global Path Through History Partnership Governor Cuomo Announces I Love New York, Israel Ministry of Tourism and El Al Israel Airlines Global Path Through History Partnership Archibald takes CiCLE Classic crown in dramatic Melton Mowbray finale Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Amit Pawar Razor Blade Market: Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2017–2022 Razor Blade Market analysis is provided for united states market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of Razor Blade market. A razor blade is a blade used in a razor, typically a flat piece of metal with a sharp edge or edges used in a safety razor which is used to remove unwanted hair from the face or body. Get Sample PDF of Razor Blade Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10656876 Top Manufacturers covered in Razor Blade Market reports are: Gillette(P&G), Edgewell Personal Care, BIC, Laser Razor Blades, Lord, DORCO, Supermax, Harry’s (Feintechnik) and many others. In this introductory section, the research report incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Razor Blade Industry Research Report is backed by extensive primary and secondary research which delivers valuable market insights and competitive analysis of the Razor Blade market. It also includes market opportunities, drivers, restraints, key player profile & their strategies, challenges and investment potential. Furthermore, this report also covers detailed evaluation of these companies with their production, price, revenue and market share. Production plants, their capacities, united states production and revenue are studied. By Product Type Analysis the Razor Blade Market is Segmented into: Double Edge Razor Blades, Single Edge Razor Blades.  By Applications Analysis Razor Blade Market is Segmented into: Men’s razors, Women’s razor. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Razor Blade Market Research Report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/10656876 Major Regions covered in the Razor Blade Market report include: United States, Canada, Mexico.   Further in the Razor Blade Market research report, following points market opportunities, market risk and market overview are included along with in-depth study of each point. Production of the Razor Blade is analyzed with respect to different regions, types and applications. The sales, revenue, and price analysis by types and applications of Razor Blade market key players is also covered. Both, sales and revenue are studied for the different regions of the united states Razor Blade Market. It also covers Razor Blade market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the united states regions. In continuation with sales, this section studies distributors, traders and dealers for the Razor Blade Market. No. Pages in Report: 124 Get Full Access of Razor Blade Market Report at $ 4480 (SUL) @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10656876 The next part also sheds light on the gap between supply and consumption. Apart from the mentioned information, growth rate of Razor Blade market in 2022 is also explained. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption tables and figures of Razor Blade market are also given. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews, Space TagsBusiness, Razor Blade Market, Razor Blade Market Analysis, Razor Blade Market Forecast, Razor Blade Market Growth, Razor Blade Market Opportunities, Razor Blade Market Research, Razor Blade Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Architecture Curtain Wall Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Biological Microlenses Market Analysis 2017 (By Segment, Key Players and Applications) and Forecasts To 2022 Search Recent Posts TEENS STARTING SUMMER JOBS AT RISK WARNS LOCAL WORKER SAFETY ADVOCATE Daratumumab Combination Therapy Improved Clinical Outcomes Regardless of Cytogenetic Risk for Previously-Treated Patients with Multiple Myeloma Daratumumab Combination Therapy Improved Clinical Outcomes Regardless of Cytogenetic Risk for Previously-Treated Patients with Multiple Myeloma Mattis, Singapore Defense Minister Discuss Mutual Security Interests Delegations Focus on Counterterrorism, Maritime Security, North Korea Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Navigation Republic of Mining Republic of Mining Home main Home Editor Profile Contact Mission Statement Historic Print Articles About Canadian Mining @sudolstan Return to Content Another multinational employer is fleeing Ontario and the Wynne government doesn’t seem to care – by Bob Runciman (Financial Post – May 31, 2017) June 2, 2017 in Canadian Media Resource Articles, Mining Power Issues, Ontario Economy http://business.financialpost.com/ Bob Runciman, now a senator, served as interim leader of the Ontario PC Party and as minister of Economic Development and Trade. My hometown of Brockville, Ont. was hit with a devastating blow last week with the announcement that multinational consumer-products maker Procter and Gamble is closing its local plant, taking with it 500 jobs. P&G is Brockville’s largest private-sector employer — only the school board and the hospital employ more. The company has been a model corporate citizen for 40 years, donating millions of dollars to local causes and generally making Brockville a better place. And I think it is fair to say Brockville made P&G a better company. The local plant has a well-educated, resourceful, diligent workforce. Although the plant made such household cleaning products as Tide and Bounce over the years, it is most famous as the site that pioneered the Swiffer sweeper. But that’s all history now as P&G joins a growing list of companies leaving Ontario for more hospitable locales, in this case, a new mega-plant in West Virginia. The company is careful to avoid implying that government policy has anything to do with this, but you will notice these new mega-plants are always someplace other than Ontario. And it’s not hard to see why. About the only thing we are competitive on is corporate tax rates and a low dollar. For the rest of this article, click here: http://business.financialpost.com/fp-comment/another-multinational-employer-is-fleeing-ontario-and-the-wynne-government-doesnt-seem-to-care Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Iron ore market can absorb supply loss from BHP fire: traders – by James Regan (Reuters U.S. – June 1, 2017) Mining reps weary of all talk, no action in Ring of Fire – by Len Gillis (Timmins Daily Press – June 1, 2017) No comments yet. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Categories Abitibi Greenstone Belt (51) Aboriginal and Inuit Mining (2,229) Aboriginal and Inuit Non-Mining Issues (203) Africa Mining (1,512) Aggregates (11) Alaska Mining (73) Aluminium/Bauxite (177) Anglo American (196) Art, Books, Music and Photography About Mining and Northern Topics (132) Artisanal Small-Scale Gold Mining/Mercury Problems (12) Asbestos (90) Asia Mining (1,474) Australia/New Caledonia/Papua New Guinea Mining (1,141) Barrick Gold Corporation (482) Battery Technology Storage Innovation (73) BHP Billiton (448) British Columbia Mining (759) Canada Mining (3,607) Canadian Media Resource Articles (4,162) Canadian Mining Hall of Fame (66) Canadian Mining History (118) Canadian/International Media Resource Articles (3,034) Caribou and Mining (14) Chromium/Platinum Group Metals (447) Cliffs Natural Resources (148) Climate Change, Carbon Taxes and ENGOs (180) Coal (918) Cobalt Town (34) Commodity Super-Cycle and Decline (846) Conflict Minerals (92) Copper (631) Corporate Social Responsibility (269) Critical, Strategic and Rare Earth Minerals and Metals (157) Deep Sea Mining (16) Diamond Mining (422) Elliot Lake (26) Emerald, Ruby, Sapphire, Gemstone Mining (40) Europe Mining (484) Forestry (70) Glencore (491) Global Mining History (1) Gold and Silver (2,107) Goldcorp Inc. (105) Graphite Mining (15) Green Mining (133) Inco and Falconbridge History (78) Industry Clusters for Economic Prosperity (41) International Media Resource Articles (5,610) Iron Ore (1,102) Junior Exploration Sector (169) Kirkland Lake (57) Labrador Iron Trough (48) Latin America Mining (889) Lithium (124) Manitoba Mining (145) Metals and Manufacturing (81) Mining Accidents, Deaths, Cave-Ins and Industrial Disease (56) Mining and Oil Sector Image (365) Mining Association of Canada (55) Mining Child and Slave Labour – Historical and Current (25) Mining Company History (29) Mining Conflict (865) Mining Documentaries (90) Mining Education and Innovation (439) Mining Environmental Accidents, Pollution and Abandoned Mines (444) Mining Environmental, Water Shortage and Land Reclamation/Revegetation Issues (194) Mining History Global/General (10) Mining Labour Issues and History – Sudbury and Global (353) Mining Movies (118) Mining Power Issues (320) Mining Railway and Road Issues (139) Mining Supply and Services Sector (215) Mining Tourism (29) Mining Tragedies (144) Minnesota Duluth Complex and Iron Range (178) Nevada Mining (53) Newfoundland and Labrador Mining (88) Newmont (25) Nickel (659) Nickel Laterites (376) Nickel/Metals/ War – Geopolitical Flashpoints (51) Norilsk Nickel (57) North Bay (99) Northern Miner – Mining Person of the Year Award (44) Northern Ontario History (207) Northern Ontario Politics (644) Northern Ontario Separation and Alienation (407) Northern Ontario/Canada Regional Media (1,834) Oil and Gas Sector-Politics and Image (1,506) Ontario Economy (222) Ontario Far North Act (90) Ontario Mining (2,882) Ontario Mining Association (314) Ontario's Ring of Fire Mineral Discovery (1,712) PDAC (101) PDAC Award Banquet Inductees (52) Peat Energy (18) Platinum Group Metals (26) Potash/Phosphate (320) Quebec Mining (543) Red Lake (45) Resource Nationalism (8) Rio Tinto (467) SAMSSA (88) Saskatchewan Mining (407) Sherritt International Corporation (17) Space Mining (55) Stan Sudol Columns/Media References and Appearances (212) Steel and Stainless Steel Industries (138) Still to file (127) Sudbury Basin (434) Sudbury History (117) Sudbury Laurentian University – Mining Faculties and Research (101) Thompson (67) Thunder Bay (251) Timmins (415) United States Mining (986) United States Mining History (30) Uranium (319) Vale (910) Women in Mining (92) X2 Resources (30) Zinc and Lead (103) ©2017 Republic of Mining. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi North America Men Personal Care Market Research Report 2017 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 08:40 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Men Personal Care Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. Men follow a daily regime of cleansing, moisturizing, protecting, and shaving. They have become more conscious about their health and looks. From dressing to hairstyles everything is taken care of. Moreover, fashion industry has also contributed in the growth of men personal care market. Now-a-days beard and hairstyles has become one of the fashion statements. Men Personal Care Products are used by all the ages; with maximum popularity among the youth. Men personal care includes a diversified range of products. From skin to oral care every product is available in the market with different specifications. The product includes fragrances, skin creams/lotions, hair products, shaving products, mouthwashes etc. From hair gel to soap conglomerate, the products are gaining huge margins for men's grooming market. Increasing dust and pollution have resulted in the consumption of face wash and sun screen products. Additionally, increasing popularity of celebrity oriented products is also high in demands. Usually, Celebs Endorsed products increase the possibility of product's demand. Hence, differentiation in products could bring great opportunity for the men personal care market. The key players operating men personal care market are: - Johnson & Johnson - Unilever - Estée Lauder Companies Inc. - Shiseido Co. Ltd. - Kao Corporation - Avon Products Inc. - Procter & Gamble Co. - Colgate-Palmolive Company Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 1.1 Market Definition 1.2 Objectives 1.3 Market Scope 1.4 Segmentation 1.4.1 North America Men Personal Care Market, by Product 1.4.2 North America Men Personal Care Market, by Country 1.5 Methodology for the research 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers, Restraints and Opportunities 3.2.1 Market Drivers 3.2.2 Market Restraints 4. North America Men Personal Care Market 4.1 North America Men Personal Care Market by Product 4.2 North America Men Skin Care Market by Country 4.2.1 North America Men Skin Care Market by Type 4.2.1.1 North America Face & Neck Cream / Lotions Market by Country 4.2.1.2 North America Body & Head Cream / Lotions Market by Country 4.2.1.3 North America Cleansers & Moisturizers Market by Country 4.2.2 North America Men Hair Care Market by Country 4.2.3 North America Men Hair Care Market by Type 4.2.3.1 North America Shampoo & Rinses Systems Market by Country 4.2.3.2 North America Hair Gel Market by Country 4.2.3.3 North America Hair Conditioner Market by Country 4.2.3.4 North America Hair Sprays & Creams Market by Country 4.2.3.5 North America Hair Dyes & Colors Market by Country 4.2.4 North America Men Personal Cleanliness Market by Country 4.2.5 North America Men Personal Cleanliness Market by Type 4.2.5.1 North America Fragrances Market by Country 4.2.5.2 North America Soaps Market by Country 4.2.5.3 North America Body Powder Market by Country 4.2.6 North America Men Shaving Market by Country 4.2.7 North America Men Shaving Market by Type 4.2.7.1 North America Shaving Cream Market by Country 4.2.7.2 North America Shaving Lotion Market by Country 4.2.7.3 North America Shaving Soaps Market by Country 4.2.7.4 North America Pre-Shave Lotion Market by Country 4.2.8 North America Other Men Personal Care Market by Country 4.2.9 North America Other Men Personal Care Market by Type 4.2.9.1 North America Mouth Washes & Breath Fresheners Market by Country 4.2.9.2 North America Dental Care Tools Market by Country 4.2.9.3 North America Facial Makeup Market by Country 4.2.9.4 North America Other Market by Country 5. North America Men Personal Care Market by Country 5.1 Introduction 5.2 US Men Personal Care Market 5.3 Canada Men Personal Care Market 5.4 Mexico Men Personal Care Market 5.5 Rest of North America Men Personal Care Market 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/nc8x25/north_america_men Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-america-men-personal-care-market-research-report-2017---research-and-markets-300467808.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 02 Jun, 2017, 08:50 ET Preview: Emergency Shutdown System Market - Forecasts from 2016 to 2021 - Driven by Government Regulations Necessitating Implementation of ESD Systems Across Different Industrial Sectors - Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: North America Video Management Software Market, 2022: Market is Anticipated to at a CAGR of 18.3% - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: North America Men Personal Care Market Research Report 2017 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 08:40 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women North America Men Personal Care Market Research Report 2017 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 13:40 BST Share this article DUBLIN, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Men Personal Care Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. Men follow a daily regime of cleansing, moisturizing, protecting, and shaving. They have become more conscious about their health and looks. From dressing to hairstyles everything is taken care of. Moreover, fashion industry has also contributed in the growth of men personal care market. Now-a-days beard and hairstyles has become one of the fashion statements. Men Personal Care Products are used by all the ages; with maximum popularity among the youth. Men personal care includes a diversified range of products. From skin to oral care every product is available in the market with different specifications. The product includes fragrances, skin creams/lotions, hair products, shaving products, mouthwashes etc. From hair gel to soap conglomerate, the products are gaining huge margins for men's grooming market. Increasing dust and pollution have resulted in the consumption of face wash and sun screen products. Additionally, increasing popularity of celebrity oriented products is also high in demands. Usually, Celebs Endorsed products increase the possibility of product's demand. Hence, differentiation in products could bring great opportunity for the men personal care market. The key players operating men personal care market are: - Johnson & Johnson - Unilever - Estée Lauder Companies Inc. - Shiseido Co. Ltd. - Kao Corporation - Avon Products Inc. - Procter & Gamble Co. - Colgate-Palmolive Company Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 1.1 Market Definition 1.2 Objectives 1.3 Market Scope 1.4 Segmentation 1.4.1 North America Men Personal Care Market, by Product 1.4.2 North America Men Personal Care Market, by Country 1.5 Methodology for the research 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers, Restraints and Opportunities 3.2.1 Market Drivers 3.2.2 Market Restraints 4. North America Men Personal Care Market 4.1 North America Men Personal Care Market by Product 4.2 North America Men Skin Care Market by Country 4.2.1 North America Men Skin Care Market by Type 4.2.1.1 North America Face & Neck Cream / Lotions Market by Country 4.2.1.2 North America Body & Head Cream / Lotions Market by Country 4.2.1.3 North America Cleansers & Moisturizers Market by Country 4.2.2 North America Men Hair Care Market by Country 4.2.3 North America Men Hair Care Market by Type 4.2.3.1 North America Shampoo & Rinses Systems Market by Country 4.2.3.2 North America Hair Gel Market by Country 4.2.3.3 North America Hair Conditioner Market by Country 4.2.3.4 North America Hair Sprays & Creams Market by Country 4.2.3.5 North America Hair Dyes & Colors Market by Country 4.2.4 North America Men Personal Cleanliness Market by Country 4.2.5 North America Men Personal Cleanliness Market by Type 4.2.5.1 North America Fragrances Market by Country 4.2.5.2 North America Soaps Market by Country 4.2.5.3 North America Body Powder Market by Country 4.2.6 North America Men Shaving Market by Country 4.2.7 North America Men Shaving Market by Type 4.2.7.1 North America Shaving Cream Market by Country 4.2.7.2 North America Shaving Lotion Market by Country 4.2.7.3 North America Shaving Soaps Market by Country 4.2.7.4 North America Pre-Shave Lotion Market by Country 4.2.8 North America Other Men Personal Care Market by Country 4.2.9 North America Other Men Personal Care Market by Type 4.2.9.1 North America Mouth Washes & Breath Fresheners Market by Country 4.2.9.2 North America Dental Care Tools Market by Country 4.2.9.3 North America Facial Makeup Market by Country 4.2.9.4 North America Other Market by Country 5. North America Men Personal Care Market by Country 5.1 Introduction 5.2 US Men Personal Care Market 5.3 Canada Men Personal Care Market 5.4 Mexico Men Personal Care Market 5.5 Rest of North America Men Personal Care Market 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/nc8x25/north_america_men Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 02 Jun, 2017, 13:50 BST Preview: Emergency Shutdown System Market - Forecasts from 2016 to 2021 - Driven by Government Regulations Necessitating Implementation of ESD Systems Across Different Industrial Sectors - Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 13:30 BST Preview: North America Video Management Software Market, 2022: Market is Anticipated to at a CAGR of 18.3% - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 Jun, 2017, 00:30 BSTGlobal Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 03 Jun, 2017, 00:20 BSTIndia Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: North America Men Personal Care Market Research Report 2017 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 13:40 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Face Makeup Market Share, Size, Growth Opportunities, Key Driven Factors, Global Market Scenario and Forecast to 2022 This report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies PUNE, INDIA, June 2, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — In this report, the global Face Makeup market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Face Makeup in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Face Makeup market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1327157-global-face-makeup-market-research-report-2017 The top players including L’Oreal P & G Estee Lauder Shiseido Unilever LVMH Chanel PPG Amore LG Evian Chantecaille LA COLLINE AVON On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Foundation Bronzer Powder Concealer Blush Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Face Makeup for each application, including Online Shop & Supermarket Exclusive Shop Make an enquiry of this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1327157-global-face-makeup-market-research-report-2017 If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Table of Contents Global Face Makeup Market Research Report 2017 1 Face Makeup Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Face Makeup 1.2 Face Makeup Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Face Makeup Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Face Makeup Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Foundation 1.2.4 Bronzer 1.2.5 Powder 1.2.6 Concealer 1.2.7 Blush 1.2.8 Other 1.3 Global Face Makeup Segment by Application 1.3.1 Face Makeup Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Online 1.3.3 Shop & Supermarket 1.3.4 Exclusive Shop 1.4 Global Face Makeup Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Face Makeup Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Face Makeup (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Face Makeup Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Face Makeup Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Face Makeup Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Face Makeup Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Face Makeup Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Face Makeup Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Face Makeup Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Face Makeup Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Face Makeup Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Face Makeup Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Face Makeup Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Face Makeup Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Face Makeup Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Face Makeup Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Face Makeup Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Face Makeup Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Face Makeup Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Face Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Face Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Face Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Face Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Face Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Face Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Face Makeup Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Face Makeup Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Face Makeup Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Face Makeup Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Face Makeup Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Face Makeup Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Face Makeup Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Face Makeup Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1327157 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electronic Payment System For Transportation Market Revenue and Value Chain 2016-2026 Next PostNext Macquarie Global Infrastructure Total Return Fund Inc. Announces Regular Quarterly Distribution Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Baby Care Products Market Projections, SWOT Analysis, Risk Analysis, Trends and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report 2017 According to Stratistics MRC, the baby care products market is valued at $58.43 billion in 2015 and is projected to reach $102.31 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.3% from 2015 to 2022. Rapidly increasing baby population in emerging countries is the key driver for the growth of baby care products market. Additionally, changing lifestyle of consumers with increasing disposable income in emerging economies, growing number of working mothers, rising awareness of consumers about child hygiene and increased spending on baby care products are the factors favouring the market growth. However, stringent regulations regarding usage of chemicals and high product development and innovation costs are the factors hindering the market growth. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/baby-care-products-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Baby skin care products and toiletries accounted a major share in baby care products market over the forecast period. At present, the penetration of baby hair care products has smaller market, however this segment is likely to witness highest growth during the forecast period. North America and Europe are the major markets for baby care products. Asia Pacific is expected to witness highest growth on account of rapidly increasing child population, considerably rising disposable incomes and changing lifestyle of consumers in emerging countries such as China and India. Some of the key players in the global market include Abbott Nutrition, Alliance Boots, Asda Group Ltd., Dabur, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Nestle, Nivea, Oral B Laboratories Ltd., Procter & Gamble Company, Unilever, Himalaya Drug Company, Wipro, Fisher-Price and Marico. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184684 Baby Cosmetics and Toiletries Covered: Baby Skin Care Products Baby Powder Baby Massage Oil Body Lotions Creams/Moisturizers/Jelly Bath Products Baby Soaps Bubble Bath/Shower gel Baby Hair Care Products Detangles Baby Shampoo and Conditioner Other Cosmetics and Toiletries Baby Wipes Baby Fragrances/Perfumes Diapers Baby Foods Covered: Baby Milk Product Desserts Animal Milk Yogurt Frozen Baby Food Frozen Fruits Baby Food Frozen Vegetarian Baby Food Frozen Non-Vegetarian Baby Food Baby Juice Market Baby Fruit Juice Mixed Juices Baby Vegetable Juices Baby Food Snacks Biscuit/Cookies Rusks Puffs Baby Food Soups Non-vegetarian soup Vegetarian soup Pureed Baby Food Baby Fruit Juices Baby Vegetable Juices Baby Food Cereals Baby Safety and Convenience Covered: Baby Strollers Baby Car Seats Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancement Major Points From The Table Of Contents: 1 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Region 2 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Cosmetics and Toiletries 3 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Skin Care Products 4 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Powder 5 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Massage Oil 6 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Body Lotions 7 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Creams/Moisturizers/Jelly 8 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Bath Products 9 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Soaps 10 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Bubble Bath/Shower gel 11 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Hair Care Products 12 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Detangles 13 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Shampoo and Conditioner 14 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Other Cosmetics and Toiletries 15 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Wipes 16 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Fragrances/Perfumes 17 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Diapers 18 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Food 19 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Milk Product 20 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Desserts About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Baby Care Products Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Sodium Azide Market Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Next PostNext TOYOTA GAZOO Racing trio take on Sardinian gravel challenge Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Baby Care Products Market Projections, SWOT Analysis, Risk Analysis, Trends and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report 2017 According to Stratistics MRC, the baby care products market is valued at $58.43 billion in 2015 and is projected to reach $102.31 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.3% from 2015 to 2022. Rapidly increasing baby population in emerging countries is the key driver for the growth of baby care products market. Additionally, changing lifestyle of consumers with increasing disposable income in emerging economies, growing number of working mothers, rising awareness of consumers about child hygiene and increased spending on baby care products are the factors favouring the market growth. However, stringent regulations regarding usage of chemicals and high product development and innovation costs are the factors hindering the market growth. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/baby-care-products-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Baby skin care products and toiletries accounted a major share in baby care products market over the forecast period. At present, the penetration of baby hair care products has smaller market, however this segment is likely to witness highest growth during the forecast period. North America and Europe are the major markets for baby care products. Asia Pacific is expected to witness highest growth on account of rapidly increasing child population, considerably rising disposable incomes and changing lifestyle of consumers in emerging countries such as China and India. Some of the key players in the global market include Abbott Nutrition, Alliance Boots, Asda Group Ltd., Dabur, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Nestle, Nivea, Oral B Laboratories Ltd., Procter & Gamble Company, Unilever, Himalaya Drug Company, Wipro, Fisher-Price and Marico. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184684 Baby Cosmetics and Toiletries Covered: Baby Skin Care Products Baby Powder Baby Massage Oil Body Lotions Creams/Moisturizers/Jelly Bath Products Baby Soaps Bubble Bath/Shower gel Baby Hair Care Products Detangles Baby Shampoo and Conditioner Other Cosmetics and Toiletries Baby Wipes Baby Fragrances/Perfumes Diapers Baby Foods Covered: Baby Milk Product Desserts Animal Milk Yogurt Frozen Baby Food Frozen Fruits Baby Food Frozen Vegetarian Baby Food Frozen Non-Vegetarian Baby Food Baby Juice Market Baby Fruit Juice Mixed Juices Baby Vegetable Juices Baby Food Snacks Biscuit/Cookies Rusks Puffs Baby Food Soups Non-vegetarian soup Vegetarian soup Pureed Baby Food Baby Fruit Juices Baby Vegetable Juices Baby Food Cereals Baby Safety and Convenience Covered: Baby Strollers Baby Car Seats Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancement Major Points From The Table Of Contents: 1 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Region 2 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Cosmetics and Toiletries 3 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Skin Care Products 4 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Powder 5 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Massage Oil 6 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Body Lotions 7 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Creams/Moisturizers/Jelly 8 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Bath Products 9 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Soaps 10 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Bubble Bath/Shower gel 11 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Hair Care Products 12 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Detangles 13 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Shampoo and Conditioner 14 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Other Cosmetics and Toiletries 15 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Wipes 16 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Fragrances/Perfumes 17 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Diapers 18 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Food 19 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Milk Product 20 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Desserts About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Baby Care Products Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Sodium Azide Market Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Next PostNext TOYOTA GAZOO Racing trio take on Sardinian gravel challenge Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Arab countries severing diplomatic relations with Qatar World June 05, 7:48 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 05, 3:49 In connection with terrorist acts in London police arrest 12 people World June 04, 17:34 Trump following London attacks calls for stopping being politically correct World June 04, 17:26 Death toll from London terrorist attacks rises to seven World June 04, 14:09 Putin's annual televised Q&A session due on June 15 Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 04, 8:51 Investigation begins into murder of eight people in central Russia Society & Culture June 04, 8:21 Six people died in terrorist acts in London - police World June 04, 6:59 Casualties present as result of London Bridge incident - BBC citing police World June 04, 1:55 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 05.06.2017 04.06.2017 03.06.2017 02.06.2017 01.06.2017 31.05.2017 30.05.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Stimulating demand in the Russian consumer market Business & Economy ► SPIEF-2017 June 02, 6:14 UTC+3 Share 1 pages in this article KEY CONCLUSIONS: Market players expect recovery of demand after a long decline “Consumer spending in Russia is still not back to the level it was in 2014, however, there is some expectation that it might be some increase now in 2017, maybe a 1–2% increase in consumer spending mostly from a little higher oil price, increase in agriculture and also more trade with China,” said Pal Erik Sjatil, Managing Partner for EEMA, McKinsey & Company.  “The retail market has passed a certain period <...> of purification, and it appears that banks updated their product portfolios and resumed consumer lending,” said Ruben Aganbegyan, Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Bank Otkritie Financial Corporation; Member of the Board of Directors, Otkritie Holding. “I am a little bit more optimistic. <...> The economy is improving. <...> The stable exchange rate is helping in achieving [this]. <...> [People] are adjusting to the new reality,” said Silviu Popovich, President, PepsiCo Russia, Ukraine and CIS. Russia’s consumers are becoming more demanding “A class of professional consumers, or “prosumers”, is emerging in Russia. <...> Consumers really want to be informed and educated, want to know what they wear, what they eat, what they buy for their children <...> Only 11% of consumers are ready to sacrifice <...> quality, according to the Russian Public Opinion Research Centre (VCIOM),” said Maxim Protasov, Head, Russian Quality System. “The consumer behaviour has changed. Even today, on my products, 75% of consumers are looking at their mobile phone when they’re purchasing a detergent or a diaper,” said Sotirios Marinidis, Vice President Eastern Europe and Central Asia, P&G. “Buyers have become more price-sensitive,” Vladimir Chirakhov, General Director, Detsky Mir Group. CHALLENGES: Business is facing stronger competition with ever-shrinking profits "Margins of the players have been more squeezed mostly due to devaluation, which has led to the increase in the cost of goods sold," said Pal Erik Sjatil. "Competition within the industry has grown significantly stronger. This is certainly due to the lower purchasing power, and we all see what a dramatic impact it has on the market,' said Igor Shekhterman. "Unfortunately, we do not see many positive trends in the segment of goods for children. As a matter of fact, the market growth is close to zero," said Vladimir Chirakhov. "Many players have demonstrated either feeble or negative year-on-year growth", said Igor Shekhterman, CEO, Х5 Retail Group N.V. SOLUTIONS: Focus on innovation, new technologies and diversification "The increase in e-payments is an important trade driver in its own right. <...> Convenience of payments and transactions greatly boosts the demand. <...> Convenience, innovation and changes in the consumer behaviour are currently the key drivers in the payments industry, which also contribute to the overall demand growth," said Ekaterina Petelina, General Director, Visa Payment System LLC. "If people find it easier to shop in the proximity stores, they will do it more often and readily <...> We need to develop different retail formats <...> and encourage the consumers to spend their money by creating accessible infrastructure," said Viktor Evtukhov, State Secretary, Deputy Minister of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation. Improvements in management quality, lower costs and investments in infrastructure "Import substitution gave us a fresh start and led to lower prices, including for meat and dairy products. Further growth is still an option, <...> if we start investing in logistics infrastructure," said Igor Shekhterman. "We tend to focus more on promotions and use aggressive pricing. <...> At the end of the day, that will result in lower margins <...>, hence, the management primarily focuses on the internal corporate processes trying to find a way to rebuild the company," said Vladimir Chirakhov.   {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News June 05, 7:48 Arab countries severing diplomatic relations with Qatar June 05, 7:48 June 04, 17:34 In connection with terrorist acts in London police arrest 12 people June 04, 17:34 June 05, 3:49 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference June 05, 3:49 June 04, 14:09 Death toll from London terrorist attacks rises to seven June 04, 14:09 In other media Реклама Photo 12 The 2017 World Car of the Year and its rivals at the New York Auto Show 15 How Russians conquered the Arctic in vintage photos 13 Futuristic supercars at the Geneva Motor Show Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference 2 Lives of those who turned Trump’s alleged ties with Russia into sensation boring - Putin 3 Vostochny space center to get launch pad for super-heavy rocket before 2030 4 Russia’s ‘soldier of the future’ combat gear excels foreign rivals by armor protection 5 More than 380 agreements were signed at SPIEF-2017 for 2 trillion rubles ($35.32 bln) 6 Russia’s economic policy no longer depends on oil prices - Economic Development Minister 7 Chairman of Saudi Aramco on meeting with Putin, travelling to Arctic and OPEC deal 1 Putin asked Bill Clinton to consider option Russia might join NATO 2 Russia’s economic policy no longer depends on oil prices - Economic Development Minister 3 More than 380 agreements were signed at SPIEF-2017 for 2 trillion rubles ($35.32 bln) 4 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference 5 Six people died in terrorist acts in London - police 6 Trump following London attacks calls for stopping being politically correct 7 Chairman of Saudi Aramco on meeting with Putin, travelling to Arctic and OPEC deal 1 Moscow concerned over US threats against Syria’s armed forces 2 Russia’s cutting-edge fighter jet to enter service this year 3 Moscow mayor says Monday's hurricane 'unprecedented' 4 Russian cruise missiles hit terrorist targets near Palmyra 5 Putin asked Bill Clinton to consider option Russia might join NATO 6 Russian anti-submarine destroyer enters English Channel 7 Putin jokes about climate change, US hegemony at St. Petersburg forum TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations Opinion Commentary: Trust scientists, believe that Paris climate accord will protect our future Sean Gallup / Getty Images BERLIN, GERMANY: Members of the German Greens Party protest outside the U.S. Embassy against the announcement by President Donald Trump that he will pull the U.S. out of the Paris Agreement. BERLIN, GERMANY: Members of the German Greens Party protest outside the U.S. Embassy against the announcement by President Donald Trump that he will pull the U.S. out of the Paris Agreement. (Sean Gallup / Getty Images) Susan Schaidt AverillMy Word columnist Privacy Policy Many Americans are finding it hard to understand why President Trump is withdrawing our nation from the Paris climate agreement. We now stand with Nicaragua and Syria as one of three countries not supporting this pact. The objective of the Paris accord is to combat the impact of human activity on our planet's air, land and water. All of these resources are in scarce supply, and, frankly, there is no Planet B as a fallback position. You don't have to believe in gravity in order for the laws of gravity to apply. You don't have to grasp Ohm's Law to turn on a light. When traveling by airplane, you don't have to know anything about lift and drag for the plane to take off. The Earth operates under the laws and rules of science whether you acknowledge them or not. Joshua C. Cruey / Orlando Sentinel Susan Schaidt Averill of Altamonte Springs is a retired school administrator. Susan Schaidt Averill of Altamonte Springs is a retired school administrator. (Joshua C. Cruey / Orlando Sentinel) Part of the reason for the president's action is a concern for traditional fossil fuel-based technologies. Trump campaigned on bringing back jobs in the coal industry and relaxing regulations on energy production. This withdrawal is part of his efforts to make good on his promises. However, referring to clean coal does not make it exist, nor will it make coal a lower-cost energy option than natural gas. Reducing restrictions such as allowing coal sludge to be dumped in waterways and streams will not necessarily create jobs. So far, all that the president has accomplished for miners is to jeopardize their health care by proposing cuts in Medicaid support and not guaranteeing affordable coverage for preexisting conditions. Dropping out of this international agreement will not avoid either of these potential disasters in coal country. Our participation in the accords is supported by a number of the most powerful business leaders in our country. Last month 30 CEOs at companies including Tesla, Procter & Gamble Co., Bank of America, 3M and Dow Chemical wrote an open letter to Trump, pleading their case for remaining in this effort. Although one of the reasons given for our withdrawal was that the pact was bad for American business, these entrepreneurs think our participation would have the opposite effect. Another supporter of U.S. participation is the Exxon Corp. These companies include some the largest industrial companies as well as huge Wall Street bankers and investors. At this time, green energy is the largest producer of new jobs in the United States. By supporting the Paris accord and pursuing solar and wind innovations, we could become the dominant world supplier of these technologies. We could make America great in this arena. Instead, we are choosing to pull back. Scientists understand these principles; and in dealing with the physical conditions of our world, we need to follow their lead. Right now, scientists have given us enough information to see that the Paris climate agreement would protect our future on Planet Earth. Whether you believe in global warming or climate change is a moot point. You must believe, however, that clean air, water and soil are essential to public health and the future well-being of our country. We must support actions that will protect our future and not sacrifice it to profit motives and isolation from the world community. Susan Schaidt Averill of Altamonte Springs is a retired school administrator. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Central America Paris Climate Accord Donald Trump I got pregnant. I chose to keep my baby. And my Christian school humiliated me. Pictures: Watch out! Florida is a dangerous place to live A little girl's butterfly skin and 'the worst disease you've never heard of' News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 75°
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Jefferies Sees Beauties And Beasts In The Modern Cosmetic Space Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 03, 2017 9:16am   Comments Share: Jefferies initiatedcoverage of several companies in the modern cosmetic space, assigning Buy ratings to Ulta Beauty Inc (NASDAQ: ULTA), e.l.f. Beauty Inc (NYSE: ELF) and Estee Lauder Companies Inc (NYSE: EL). Meanwhile, Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PBH), Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SBH), Coty Inc (NYSE: COTY) and Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ: IPAR) were rated Hold. Ulta Beauty: Compelling Way to Play Superior Growth Rate Analyst Stephanie Wissink sees Ulta Beauty as the best way to play mid-single-digit, or MSD, rate of change in beauty category. The analyst thinks the company's shares offer a compelling way to play the superior rate of growth in beauty – across brands, categories and applications. The analyst reasoned that the high valuation reflects growth scarcity and outstanding execution. On top of the $9.80 per share in earnings per share Jefferies models for 2019, it sees $3-$5 in annual CRM monetization value potential. The firm also pointed out that the company's 20+ percent organic growth is meaningfully better than the industry's 4 percent growth. "Traffic counts continue to drive nearly 75 percent of comp sales value — a trend we expect to continue. ATV (brand mix and services) is a strong secondary lever," the analyst added. E.l.f. Beauty: Compelling Sales Growth & Superior Margins Jefferies thinks e.l.f. Beauty is among few SMid cap ways to play MSD+ beauty category growth, with the company offering superior 22 percent EBITDA margin profile for its size. Additionally, the firm said the company has compelling and clear 20%+ sales growth drivers. Brand equity is building virally and on digital platforms, while M&A backdrop is a backstop, the firm said. Favoring Estee Lauder's Organic And Inorganic Growth Wissink said she favors Estee Lauder's organic and M&A-complemented growth, with value unlock initiative leading it forward. While the analyst sees limited multiple expansion, she bets on earnings and sales upside for the company. Jefferies believes capital efficiency mandate is driving Estee Lauder forward. Notwithstanding the recent appreciation in shares, the firm still sees the shares as offering value over the next one to two years. Coty's Earnings & Sales Variability Justify Discounted Valuation Jefferies is of the view Coty's sales and earnings variability over the next one to two years following its merger with Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE: PG)‘s specialty beauty business in the second half of 2016 justifies discounted multiple. The firm feels the consumer segment, which is lagging, would be the stock driver. That said, the firm holds the view that weakness would prolong the time it will take the company to reach its earnings per share target and would weigh on confidence. Additionally, the firm believes fundamentals would remain volatile. Prestige Brands: Organic And Deleverage-Driven Near Term Jefferies termed Prestige Brands as a leading niche brand development company in the low-single digit consumer products healthcare category. The firm said it favors shift toward higher growth OTC and daily use areas. While noting that organic growth is trending around 2–2.5 percent, the firm said acquisitions too are helping. However, the firm sees volatility in the legacy business. Cautious On Sally Beauty's Long Term Jefferies expressed caution regarding model structure, store densities, rising labor costs, and competition in the long term. The firm feels structural issues require time and capital to address. The firm made a mention of disintermediation risk, as productivity declines and sales quality worsens. Meanwhile, the firm sees near-term offsets from cost restructuring, price increases, and vendor discounts. That said, the firm indicated that comps is moderating and that the bulk of the earnings per share growth in the past came from share repurchases. Inter Parfums Fairly Valued For Current Risk-Reward Jefferies initiated coverage of Inter Parfums at Hold. The firm believes the stock is fairly valued for current risk-reward. Though it sees improvement in the financial profile, the firm said 2017 includes difficult compares which may handicap the multiple & earnings per share near term. Ratings/Price Target Ulta Beauty: Raised to Buy from Hold/Hiked to $350 from $266. E.l.f Beauty: Initiated at Buy/$30. Estee Lauder: Raised to Buy from Hold/Lifted to $110 from $95. Coty: Hold/$17. Prestige Brands: Raised to Hold from Underperform/Lifted to $54 from $45. Sally Beauty: Initiated at Hold/$18. Inter Parfums: Initiated at Hold/$35. Related Links: Should Ulta Beauty Split Its Stock? Ulta Beauty's Stock Is A Beast Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Upgrades Initiation Reiteration Top Stories Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (EL + COTY) Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For June 2, 2017 Snapchat Effect Gives Booming Cosmetic Industry A Makeover 20 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session Earnings Scheduled For May 10, 2017 Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For May 5, 2017 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 AMD, NVDA: Why Is Advanced Micro Devices Slashing Prices Of Ryzen 7 Chips? 2 SGYP: Thoughts On Synergy Pharma's Valuation As Cantor Initiates At... 3 BRCD, AVGO: Analysts Are Pumped About Broadcom's Double Beat 4 ADI: Analog Devices Retreats Hard From All-Time High After... 5 WLL, COTY: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For... 6 AAPL: Even If You Expect An iPhone 'Super... 7 INTC, BBRY: Citron's Andrew Left Hits... 1 SBH, IPAR: Jefferies Sees Beauties And Beasts In The Modern Cosmetic Space 2 P, CBS: What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media Empires? 3 FAS, XLF: An Adventurous June Idea For A Faltering Sector 4 AAPL: Even If You Expect An iPhone 'Super Cycle',... 5 INTC, NVDA: Why Is Advanced Micro Devices Slashing Pric... 6 XLK: MIT Researchers Make Strides In Robotic Limbs 7 CWH: Credit Suisse Reiterates Outperform O... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media Empires?
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE Technology notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home News Apps Science And Future FOR YOU Trending Google Chrome Will Be Blocking Invasive And Annoying Ads From 2018, Even The Ones From... 278 SHARES Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > Technology > News Google Chrome Will Be Blocking Invasive And Annoying Ads From 2018, Even The Ones From Google Gwyn D'Mello June 03, 2017 278 SHARES If you’re a Google Chrome user, get ready to see much fewer ads online next year.  Image courtesy: Daniel Oines/Flickr In a bold decision, Google has announced that it’s going to start blocking ads (including its own) that are too invasive and annoying. A lot of Google’s revenue comes from its online advertisements, but that business is being threatened by the rise in usage of ad blockers. Blockers come in the form of extensions so you don’t even have to install new software, just add the mod to your browser. Major ad publishers have realised that a major reason for the popularity of these ad blockers is because of how annoying some of the, can be. From the autoplaying videos, to the gigantic banners that block have the webpage, there’s nothing more annoying than an ad trying to aggressively force you to view its content before you get to what you want.  Google understands this and, in 2016, it joined with the likes of Facebook, Procter & Gamble, Unilever, The Washington Post and major advertising groups to form a union called the Coalition for Better Ads. The idea was to find a balance between ads that make money and don’t annoy the viewer. Now, Google has revealed just what it plans to do to help enforce this standard of advertising. "We plan to have Chrome stop showing ads (including those owned or served by Google) on websites that are not compliant with the Better Ads standards starting in early 2018,” Google’s senior VP of ads and commerce Sridhar Ramaswamy said in a blog post. It’s a bold step for Google to take, considering it has one of the biggest ad distribution platforms online. However, the move does show that even Google is worried about how far online ads may go, given the current trend. Ads liable to be blocked include those that autoplay videos with sound, pop-ups, ones that cover the web content until a timer counts down, and large ads that cover the page even when you scroll. On mobile devices, the list also includes ads that cover more than 30 percent of the screen as well as ones that flash. Don't Miss With 6.5Mbps Average Internet Speed, India Ranks 89th In The World, Behind Sri Lanka & Vietnam 3.6K SHARES 'Aliens Aren't Just Real, They've Already Visited Us,' Believes Aerospace Billionaire From US 1.3K SHARES Indians Spend The Most Time Online On Android In The World & Are Obsessed With WhatsApp & Jio 1.2K SHARES Next Mass Extinction Of Life On Earth Will Be Brought By Growing Human Population, Say... 1.1K SHARES Curiosity Rover Finds That A Stratified Lake Existed On Mars Three Billion Years Ago 235 SHARES 278 SHARES just in Science And Future Researchers "Hack" A Dragonfly To Turn It Into A Miniature Remote-Controlled Cyborg Drone Partner 5.9K SHARES India Vs Pakistan: 5 Reasons Why You Absolutely Cannot Miss The India-Pakistan Match Apps 181 SHARES This App Turns Your Smartphone Camera Into A Smart Document Scanner Unlike Any Other Out There News Parents Have No Right To Dead Child's Facebook Account, According To A German Court Science And Future Researchers Modify Killer Antibiotic To Make It 25,000 Times Better Against Resilient Bacteria Science And Future 171 SHARES We Should Stop Worrying About Robots Taking Our Jobs And Start Asking Ourselves: What Next? Partner 5.1K SHARES Ranbir Kapoor’s Latest Travel Video Is Something Every Traveller Must Watch. We Are Definitely Loving It News Ethiopia Has Shut Down Its Internet Nationwide To Prevent Students From Cheating In Exams News 457 SHARES Play A Game Of Cricket, With Crickets, In Google's Latest Doodle For The ICC Champion's Trophy Gadgets 2.8K SHARES Intel Shrinks The Desktop Computer Down To A Credit Card That You Can Carry In Your Pocket News 182 SHARES Microsoft Hosts India's First Accessibility Summit For Tech Access To The Differently-Abled News This Working Holographic Model Of Microsoft's Cortana Digital Assistant Is Simply Amazing! Apps Researchers Have Built An AI That Can Turn Your Face Into An Animated, Talking Bronze Statue Gadgets Android Co-Founder Andy Rubin Revealed The Slickest Phone That He Feels Is Essential For All Science And Future 191 SHARES Scientists Warn Australia That Its Plans Is Not Enough To Save Great Barrier Reef   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE celebscoop Sorry Bebo! But It Was Taimur Ali Khan Who Was The Real Star On The Internet This Week Isha Sharma 23.2K SHARES india Setting A Great Example Of Harmony, A Temple In Kerala Holds Iftar For Muslims Who Helped... Bobins Abraham 46K SHARES celebscoop 11 Photos That Prove Sonakshi Sinha Is The Ultimate Instagram Queen Saloni Singh 42.4K SHARES india Indian Army Men Create History By Climbing Mt Everest Without Using Oxygen Cylinders Shewali Tiwari 18.9K SHARES india Hindus & Muslims Join Hands To Remove Loudspeakers From Places Of Worship In Moradabad Village Nazar Abbas 17.2K SHARES Entertainment This Video Of College Girls From Odisha Dancing On Rahman’s Muqabala Is Breaking The... Garima Satija 30.5K SHARES Sports As Everyone's Eyes Are Fixed On India Vs Pakistan, B Sai Praneeth Makes Heads Turn By Winning... Prabhjeet Singh Sethi 14.5K SHARES celebscoop Prabhas Is Experiencing Withdrawal Symptoms, Says Baahubali Was His Life For Five Years! Garima Satija 28K SHARES india Afroz Shah, Who Initiated Versova Beach Clean Up, Vows To Clean 19 Beaches In Mumbai Seema Mattoo 13.6K SHARES world Ireland Chooses An Indian-Origin Gay Doctor To Be Its Next Prime Minister. And He's Just 38-YO Indiatimes 20K SHARES india Home Minister Breaks Protocol, Hugs BSF Jawan Who Sustained 85% Disability While Fighting... Indiatimes 22.3K SHARES world China Unveils Its Most Complex Overpass & It Has 20 Ramps, Five Levels, And Eight Directions! Anjali Bisaria 21.5K SHARES OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Daily Life Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store Beauty News Makeup & Nails Hair Skincare Home Lifestyle Beauty June 3 2017 Save Print License article Where will makeup be in five year's time? Stephanie Darling facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Makeup is constantly on the move; with new formulations, state-of-the-art applicators and souped-up pigments, but what's on the agenda for the future? Go lightly SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link We're moving into an era of customisation. Photo: Stocksy Makeup products en masse are heavy; my handbag makeup kit is definitely testament to this. The way of the future is smaller packaging with more intense pigmentation. One advocate of this is makeup artist Troy Surratt who has designed his own line of pint-sized palettes (think mobile phone-sized) that fit perfectly into your hand. His best selling eye shadow palette features six wearable shades from nude to metallic black to help lighten your load. Shideido's makeup director Dick Page also has size on his mind. He told Refinery29: "If you can start with an intense color, then you can achieve a smaller product with more payoff. My dream is to have this high-intensity pigment idea, but something with portability." Watch this space. Lightweight makeup is also a passion of Page's. "Water is an interesting new delivery system for makeup," he says. "Mostly, it's the comfort factor. It's very lightweight." The only issue with water-based products is keeping them stable. There is still a way to go with developing this concept. Colour it up  Advertisement Dick Page predicts a move back to colour, with even classic neutral shades evolving to a more interesting hue. "We're pushing beige into a more yellow tone and seeing what happens," says Page. "We'll take a hazelnut to a deep grey-brown. We're asking questions: 'What can you do with grey?' 'What can you do with mauve?'" Custom foundation No matter how many foundation options are out there, getting the perfect match is often a result of doing a bit of a custom blend at home particularly if you are at either end of the skin tone spectrum. Erin McCarthy, who heads up product development at Ardency Inn, has developed a Custom Coverage Concentrate, a custom tint that you can add to any moisturiser to create the perfect base. This groundbreaking concentrate lets you to custom-build your coverage by varying the amount of pigment you add to your moisturiser. You can start with a tinted moisturiser consistency by adding a drop of concentrate into your moisturiser and just keep adding to create a full-blown foundation. Personalised makeup Perfect matching is certainly the way of the near future. Procter & Gamble's Sarah Vickery is a principal scientist for research and development and she says. "We can certainly see [a time] when women will just be able to go up to a device, get their photo taken, and that device matches them to the product they should use," she says. In fact Sephora and Pantone have recently piloted this concept. Vickery also says, "As things like plastic surgery...become more commonplace, our beauty ideals [will] shift a little bit. You will see technologies that will exaggerate feminine features." So lip plumpers are one example. Imagine this effect on cheeks with a plumping blush?   This will also impact on customised brush applicators: think lash wands you can dial up with your exact specifications (volume, length, separation) and personalised makeup brushes. Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Where will makeup be in five year's time?. Advertisement Most Popular Prince Charles' letters to Nancy Reagan reveal 'Greek tragedy' of marriage The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Why I don't believe men when they say they want flexibility at work Corby selling parole papers on eBay for child-rescue group Follow Daily Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide LifeStyle The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Prince Charles' letters to Nancy Reagan reveal 'Greek tragedy' of marriage The question about race Australians need to stop asking Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work WA Today Cheesed-off customer slams Perth restaurant's 'European nachos' Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Perth pizza robber said family was hungry Ben Cousins' ex says she committed him to psych ward John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore The Sydney Morning Herald London attack: What we know so far John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck The Age Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Margaret Court the guest speaker at Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne Knife-wielding terrorists kill seven in bloody rampage US cities, states and companies commit to Paris Accord Brisbane Times Woman's leg degloved in horror yacht accident The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see 'Non-viable' twins cling to life amid anger at hospital Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck Canberra Times Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Man arrested after double hit-and-run in Yarralumla Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work 'Betrayed': Couple's hopes dashed after forking out $10,000 We sent a plus-size mum to the Fashfest model casting WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Online Beauty and Personal Care Market: Global Markets & Advanced Technologies Online Beauty and Personal Care Market Beauty and personal care products are applied to the skin in order to avoid symptoms such as early aging, black patches, and pimples. The increasing number of millennial shoppers has added to the growth of online retail channels, most of which are price-sensitive. Moreover, consumers prefer shopping online at discounted rates and therefore increasingly adopt online shopping. Hair conditioners, hair styling gels,bath gels,and shower products are the commonly purchased beauty and personal care products online. Additionally, the wide range of products available on online platforms and the time-saving aspect of the medium are factors that have contributed to the rise of the online retail phenomenon. E-retailers offer better security features for online payments, customer-friendly services, easy-to-navigate shopping websites, and easy delivery, due to which the number of consumers using online shopping portals is anticipated to increase significantly in the next few years. The global online beauty and personal care market is divided in terms of product types into the following categories: skin care, oral hygiene, hair care, color cosmetics, fragrances, sun care, bath and shower, deodorants, baby and child care, male grooming, and depilatory products. Among all of these, skin care products are prominently purchased across different regions. This segment includes facial care products and body lotions which enhance skin quality, prevent wrinkles, rejuvenate the cells, and brighten the complexion. The availability of several brands and new features in the market is expected to boost the online sales of skin care products in the next few years. In addition, leading vendors focus on launching products comprising ingredients derived from organic and natural sources to amplify their revenue generation. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/online-beauty-personal… The online beauty and personal care market is geographically distributed over North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa (MEA), and Latin America. Asia Pacific accounted for the maximum share in the market in 2015, which is primarily driven by the availability of new brands, consumer experimentation with new products, and an increased demand for fragrances and colored cosmetics. The growing adoption of specific products such as skin lightening products across different age groups as well as anti-aging cosmetics are projected to fuel the expansion of the market in this region. In addition to this, regional brands are also gaining popularity due to their unique properties. Latin America is a potentially attractive market for online beauty and personal care and its share is estimated to rise over the forecast period. The global market is highly competitive with the presence of a large number of large-scale and small-scale vendors who compete with each other in terms of product differentiation, quality, prices, innovation, distribution, and brand promotion. Key players operating in this market include Amazon, Estée Lauder, Sephora, L’Oréal, and P&G. Other prominent vendors include Macy’s Inc., Drugstore.com, Ulta, e-Bay, Groupon, Kroger, J.C. Penney, Target, and Walmart. They sell different brands including their home brands and private consumer products to end-users. The increasing scope of network marketing and espousal of m-commerce (mobile-commerce) is predicted to be beneficial for these market players during the forecast period. These players dominate the market with their vast geographic presence and production facilities in different countries. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Online Beauty and Personal Care Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… However, the global online beauty and personal care market is also characterized by the presence of several regional and small manufacturers who lead the market in countries such as the U.K. and China. Manufacturers are focusing on opening new retail outlets to strengthen their distribution channels and increase their earnings. In order to meet the growing demand of the consumers in the market, a variety of different products are launched by various leading as well as emerging manufacturers. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to rovide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NMSU researcher aims to educate public about bed bug prevention Next PostNext Network Function Virtualization Market: Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis Search Recent Posts Pier 33 Announces On-Water Boating Demonstrations Viamet Presents Phase 2b Results Demonstrating Unprecedented Efficacy of Oral VT-1161 in the Treatment of Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis New World Bank Project in Djibouti to Fund Electricity Connections for 14,000 of the Poorest Households Pieris Pharmaceuticals Announces Presentation of Clinical Data for Anemia Drug Candidate, PRS-080, at the 54th ERA-EDTA Congress UN chief strongly condemns terrorist attacks in London Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Home The Corner Bench Memos Morning Jolt The G-File Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts All Articles Search Donate E-mails & Alerts Subscribe Print Subscribe Digital Store Advertising About Contact Privacy NR Institute The Corner National Review Login The Corner The one and only. An Embarrassment at Bethune-Cookman Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by George Leef June 2, 2017 5:31 PM Having obviously learned nothing about good manners during their college years, many of the grads of Bethune-Cookman University — a historically black school in Florida — staged a protest against graduation speaker Betsy DeVos. They wanted to shout her down because she’s part of the Trump administration and therefore a presumptive enemy of progress for blacks. Then something remarkable happened. The school’s president upbraided them for their childish behavior and Secretary DeVos was able to give her speech. But there’s even more to the story, as William Mattox points out in this Martin Center essay. You see, the university’s founder, Mary McLeod Bethune, herself was given the “we don’t want you speaking here” treatment long ago, but handled that with grace. Furthermore, Mattox writes: Interestingly, one of Mary McLeod Bethune’s most loyal and enthusiastic backers — James N. Gamble of Proctor & Gamble fame — had a demographic profile and philanthropic focus almost mirroring those of Betsy DeVos. Like DeVos, Gamble was a Midwestern Protestant Republican who used monies inherited from a family cleaning products fortune to help give educational options to disadvantaged children being neglected by their local school system. How sad that the Bethune-Cookman kids have been so completely imbued with the notion that big government is the only way for minority students to obtain the education they need. Otherwise, they’d have been eager to hear what Secretary DeVos had to say. Mattox concludes, “What makes the 2017 Bethune-Cookman graduation notable isn’t that some B-CU students proved that they could behave just as badly as college students elsewhere. What makes it notable is that B-CU’s president unapologetically confronted student boorishness with a stirring reminder of why free inquiry remains central to the mission of any legitimate university.” The Corner The one and only. Full Blog More Stories Load More Get Our Newsletters   Trending on National Review     About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate 73° Full Menu 73° Customer Service Newsletters Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Fowler Tom Sorensen All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine President Trump speaks about the Paris climate change accord in the Rose Garden at the White House on Thursday. THE WASHINGTON POST The Washington Post President Trump speaks about the Paris climate change accord in the Rose Garden at the White House on Thursday. THE WASHINGTON POST The Washington Post Business June 02, 2017 4:37 PM Bank of America signed letter backing Paris pact, but stays quiet after Trump’s withdrawal By Taylor Blatchford tblatchford@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan was among a group of CEOs who signed a letter to President Donald Trump last month urging him to keep the U.S. in the Paris climate agreement. But unlike some of his peers, Moynihan hasn’t spoken out since Trump pulled the U.S. from the enviromental action agreement on Thursday. Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein, for instance, used his first-ever tweet to decry the move on Thursday. “Today’s decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.’s leadership position in the world,” the Goldman CEO, who also signed the letter, wrote. Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement— Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) June 1, 2017 Bank of America did not respond to a request for comment Friday. Signed in 2015 by 195 nations, the Paris climate agreement was intended to unite global leaders in combating climate change. Trump said the pact imposed unfair environmental standards on American businesses and he wanted to negotiate a better deal for the U.S. In their May 10 letter, the CEOs wrote that they were concerned about “keeping the doors open for the global flow of American manufactured goods and products.” “Based on our vast experience doing business all over the world, we believe there is strong potential for negative trade implications if the United States exits from the Paris Agreement,” the letter reads. The Paris agreement strengthens American competitiveness, benefits manufacturing, supports investment and expands markets for clean-energy technologies, according to the letter. “Our business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced response to reducing global GHG emissions,” the CEOs wrote. “The Paris Agreement gives us that flexible framework to manage climate change while providing a smooth transition for business.” The CEOs of Tesla, The Goldman Sachs Group, JP Morgan Chase, General Electric, The Walt Disney Group and Morgan Stanley also signed the letter. Procter & Gamble Company CEO David Taylor is a Charlotte native. Another bank with a big Charlotte presence, Wells Fargo, did not sign the letter. The bank declined to comment Friday. Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan speaks at a luncheon at Hilton Charlotte Center City in February. Diedra Laird dlaird@charlotteobserver.com Moynihan said in a December television interview that the Charlotte-based company is working to combat climate change. “We believe in the science at Bank of America,” Moynihan said. “We believe we have to get off fossil fuels.” Trump’s move will have little practical effect on Carolinas businesses, local experts say — power companies are already moving toward cleaner energy processes, and many smaller companies are working to reduce carbon emissions. Taylor Blatchford: 704-358-5354; @blatchfordtr LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 days ago New office tower puts on a light show 3:06 10 days ago New office tower puts on a light show 1:17 12 days ago Elevated Roadway project at Charlotte Douglas International Airport 1:51 13 days ago Summer travel tips offered by airport officials View More Video Business Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story Terror attack on London Bridge leaves 6 dead; police shoot 3 The Latest: 12 people arrested over London attack US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment System aims to recreate challenging mountain climbs in gym Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News World CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video World Photo Galleries EPA head calls Trump's climate deal withdrawal 'courageous,' 'thoughtful' Scott Pruitt dodges the question of whether climate change is an 'existential threat' CBC News Posted: Jun 02, 2017 3:20 PM ET Last Updated: Jun 02, 2017 5:31 PM ET EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt points as he answers questions from members of the media during the daily briefing in the Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House in Washington on Friday. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/The Associated Press) Related Stories 'Catastrophic nonsense': Putin slams probes into Trump team, Russian ambassador 'Red meat to the base': Trump scores points with supporters by rejecting climate deal What the U.S. pulling out of the Paris accord means for Canada's oilpatch Canada 'deeply disappointed' by U.S. withdrawal from Paris climate deal, Trudeau says Trump announces U.S. will withdraw from 'very unfair' Paris climate accord Why Trump quitting Paris might not necessarily be the end of the world Trump administration hollows out EPA science integrity board EPA head asks Congress to weigh in on dangers of carbon dioxide The head of the Environmental Protection Agency on Friday launched a vigorous defence of Donald Trump's decision to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate-change agreement, but refused to say whether the president believes climate change is a hoax. Scott Pruitt, speaking to reporters at the White House press briefing, called Trump's decision to exit the Paris deal on Thursday as "courageous" and "thoughtful" and that it does not mean disengagement from the issue of climate change. Pruitt said nations were free to renegotiate new climate change terms with the U.S. He sidestepped a question on whether Trump believed climate change was real or not, by saying the discussions focused solely on, "Is Paris good, or not, for this country?" Trump in 2012 tweeted that climate change was a "hoax" perpetrated by the Chinese to make U.S. manufacturing less competitive, but as with many issues, his views and statements have shifted over time as he became first a candidate, then president. Pruitt said both he and Trump believed the Paris deal put the U.S. at an economic disadvantage and that the benefits in terms of the environment were negligible even if all the nations met their targets. In addition, Pruitt said, the Paris agreement let major polluters China and India off the hook by not setting strict timelines for reducing their emissions. It is contention that has been disputed in the hours since Trump's announcement. 'Red meat to the base': Trump scores points with supporters on Paris Canada 'deeply disappointed,' Trudeau says of U.S. decision Later, Pruitt said there were "climate exaggerators" in the media and politics who were hindering the discussions over the issue of whether global warming is an "existential threat." "Measuring with precision, from my perspective, the degree of human contribution is very challenging," he said. The Paris climate-change accord was struck in 2015, agreed to by over 190 states and the European Union. Nicaragua and Syria were the only notable countries who were not signatories to the deal. U.S. President Donald Trump was pressed at the recent G7 summit in Italy about his resistance to the Paris deal. (Jonathan Ernst/AFP/Getty Images) The U.S., under former president Barack Obama, announced jointly with China in 2016 it would push forward with the agreement's targets. Pruitt said he didn't consider exiting Paris as a broken promise that will reduce U.S. credibility in the international community, as he said entering such a deal should have required ratification in the Senate. "What we have to remember with respect to things like the Paris agreement, is we have nothing to be apologetic about as a country," he said. "We have reduced our CO2 footprint to levels of the early 1990s; in fact from 2000 to 2014 we reduced our carbon footprint by up over 18 per cent." Pruitt said that the progress has been accomplished largely through innovation and technology, not government mandate. "We are leading with action and not words." Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, this week criticized Trump's resistance to the deal, saying the U.S. president doesn't understand the fine print of the agreement and that the process of formally withdrawing could take months if not years. Two views of Pittsburgh Canada has said its participation in the deal is ironclad. Trump was pressed at the recent G7 summit in Italy about his resistance to the deal, although Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said he wasn't prepared to "lecture another country on what they should do." Trudeau said Thursday that Canada was "deeply disappointed," adding that Canada is "unwavering in our commitment" to fight climate change. Corporate leaders in America ranging from Coca-Cola to 3M to Dow Chemical and Procter & Gamble have expressed opposition to leaving the deal, saying it may lead to negative trade implications as it isolates the country from all of its traditional allies. The deal benefits U.S. manufacturing, and encourages investment in new technologies and opportunities, 30 leaders said in a public letter earlier this month. After the announcement, Tesla CEO Elon Musk said he would leave his post on three White House economic advisory councils. "Climate change is real," said Musk. "Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world." Lloyd Blankfein, the CEO of multinational financial giant Goldman Sachs, posted to Twitter for the first time on Thursday: "Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world." Trump decision might not necessarily be end of the world During his announcement, Trump said he was elected to represent the people of Pittsburgh, not Paris, referring to the Pennsylvania city that was the longtime steel capital of the U.S. Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto quickly lashed back at what he said was an erroneous impression of the city, trumpeting the strides it has made in clean-energy technology. "In his speechwriter's mind, Pittsburgh is this dirty old town that relies upon big coal and big steel to survive," the mayor said. Peduto was among dozens of mayors and governors on Thursday who said they would strengthen alliances to combat climate change and adhere to the Paris benchmarks. "We will increase our efforts to cut greenhouse gas emissions, create a clean energy economy, and stand for environmental justice," the group called the Climate Mayors said in a statement. Following Pruitt on the podium, White House spokesperson Sean Spicer also refused to address whether Trump believed climate change was real and said that the president was fulfilling a campaign promise in leaving the Paris pact. With files from The Associated Press Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Comments FAQ Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Latest Video Ariana Grande's manager speaks at One Love Manchester 1:04 Sunday Scrum: How should politicians react to terrorism? 12:16 Sunday Scrum: Canada vows to uphold Paris accord 7:09 London mayor reacts to attack 3:20 Most Viewed Trudeau condemns 'senseless' attack in London that killed 7, including B.C. woman 7 dead, 21 critically injured in London attack Death toll in London 'terrorist incidents' rises to 7, police also kill 3 attackers 'Enough is enough,' U.K. PM says after latest London attacks More than 1,000 soccer fans injured in stampede in Turin, Italy 'It's not going to stop me': Londoners defiant in wake of terror attack Gambling debt was motive behind Philippines casino attack, not terrorism, police say Is the Trump-Russia scandal turning into another Watergate? Could Trump block Comey testimony? How executive privilege works Manchester police release latest man arrested over concert blast Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss Updated 'He held her and watched her die in his arms': London attack victim from Castlegar, B.C. Libyan-Canadian cleric linked to Manchester bomber plans return to Canada to clear his name Analysis 'It's not going to stop me': Londoners defiant in wake of terror attack 'I lost everything': Couple says Sask. witness protection program failed them New What we know about the London attack so far Come From Away wins 3 Drama Desk Awards, including outstanding musical Ariana Grande returns to the stage for Manchester benefit show Is Apple building a Siri speaker? We might find out this week Junior hockey's biggest fight isn't on the ice — it's in the courtroom Man who mowed lawn with tornado behind him says he 'was keeping an eye on it' 'Boosting the economy from the bottom up': Why minimum wage hikes are a good thing Bell, Rogers, Telus raise some internet prices — while small providers drop theirs 'I made it': B.C. teen becomes youngest climber to reach Canada's highest peak What to look for when choosing sunscreen for your kids: Your sun protection questions answered 'Enough is enough,' U.K. PM says after latest London attacks Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Mon, Jun 5, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Media & Marketing Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Cannes ad festival restricts super yachts to avoid ‘excess of celebration’ ‘It was like Club 18-30 down there,’ said organiser of Lions event Fri, Jun 2, 2017, 16:29 Passes for Cannes Lions festival can cost as much as €5,215 per person. Photograph: iStock         Organisers of this year’s Cannes Lions advertising festival are introducing new restrictions on super yachts entering the Cote d’Azur port as part of a wider crackdown on what they call “inappropriate” and “distasteful” behaviour during the week-long event. In a move likely to be welcomed by some ad and media executives who have been calling for tighter controls on Cannes’ party culture, the event’s owners Ascential have struck a deal with the city’s authorities to “privatise” part of the harbour for the first time in the festival’s 64-year history. Duncan Painter, chief executive of Ascential, said last year there was “an excess of celebration” on boats in the harbour, which was “not in line with the festival’s brand”. Mr Painter pointed to two super yachts hired by the Daily Mail group as an example of the “distasteful” behaviour he said his customers had asked him to rein in. Daily Mail yachts “It was like Club 18-30 down there,” said Mr Painter, referring to the Mail’s hired yachts. “They ran a 24/7 party. That is not what we wanted at our event. Cannes is about the work and the quality of creativity. We want the dignity and style that reflects the industry we are in.” Those looking to rent a yacht and moor it at the Jetee Albert Edouard, next to the city’s Palais de Festivals, to entertain guests and clients will now be required to buy an official Lions festival pass for the boat as well as the number of people on board. The new rules will also require guests to buy a pass or register with the organisers to gain access to some of the city’s top hotels. Passes for the festival, which starts later this month and will this year feature star speakers such as the actress Dame Helen Mirren and Hollywood director Ron Howard, can cost as much as €5,215 per person. The Daily Mail’s boat parties have been one of the big attractions at Cannes Lions in the past three years with the reality TV star Kim Kardashian and the singer Sting among a number of A-list celebrities used to help promote the group’s newspapers and its website Mail Online with advertisers. But the company said it had decided to take a break this year. “No doubt we will be sorely missed,” the Daily Mail said. “But we are extremely happy with the wisdom of our decision not to invest in the festival this year.” In common with all newspaper publishers, DMGT, the Mail’s parent company, has been hit by a sharp decline in print advertising revenues. Print advertising Last week, the company announced that print advertising at the Mail titles had fallen 12 per cent in the six months to the end of March although online advertising had jumped by 19 per cent over the same period. This year’s festival was always likely to be a more sober affair with the advertising industry under growing pressure as multi-nationals such as Procter & Gamble slash their ad budgets and agencies try to come to terms with the growing power of technology groups like Google and Facebook. Sir Martin Sorrell, WPP chief executive, hinted last year that the world’s biggest advertising group might rethink its approach to Cannes. “Along with the Effies [industry awards], Cannes remains the most important celebration and recognition of what we do,” Sir Martin said. “But I don’t think the industry does itself any favours by overspending at the festival.” Mr Painter said that the new measures had also been introduced to help ensure the safety of the 30,000-plus guests who regularly descended on Cannes for the Lions festival. But he added that concerns over the state of the ad business were also a factor. “Cannes is to celebrate,” he said. “But when we see the level of excess we saw last year it’s just inappropriate with where the industry is right now.” Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017       Topics: Duncan Painter Helen Mirren Kim Kardashian Martin Sorrell Ron Howard Daily Mail Dmgt Facebook Google Procter and Gamble WPP Read More ‘We would be quite happy to have RTÉ relocated to Athlone’ Image problems: Ireland at the heart of football tax probes MailOnline is a success story that hasn’t made a profit Controversial EU video rules may cause glitches for US tech giants Ex-RTÉ boss Noel Curran to lead European Broadcasting Union What do ‘Peppa Pig’ and ‘Game of Thrones’ have in common? Miriam O’Callaghan enjoys pay rise at media firm Dacia Ireland gets behind the wheel of ‘Breakfast Republic’ Shareholders to confront Zuckerberg on fake news ‘The Irish Times’ wins gold at Global Media Awards  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services No order from DPP to resume inquiry into Anglo auditors Work Wake-up call: Learn to dive into those tough talks International Ken Early: Ireland’s Uruguay win a classic of the June friendly genre Innovation Ormeau Baths reopens as tech start-up co-working hub Sponsored Impact of cyber threats on business set to increase Dublin Airport Central: Ireland’s next generation business destination at Terminal 2 Beauty with attitude: changing the conversation about ageing The Story of Home: a potter’s life Latest Business Ormeau Baths reopens as tech start-up co-working hub 05:45 Cork-based Thalman Health seeks $2m to fund wearable tech 05:10 Red-tape forces property agent to drop small-time landlords 05:00 No order from DPP to resume inquiry into Anglo auditors 05:00 Boylesports founder likely to pick successor from within family 05:00 Most Read in Business 1 May’s call for more control of internet misleading and misguided 2 Red-tape forces property agent to drop small-time landlords 3 Dún Laoghaire ferry terminal may become 450-job tech centre 4 Dublin 4 parking space for €40,000 and wifi too costly for Ryanair 5 No order from DPP to resume inquiry into Anglo auditors 6 Airbnb says it was drawn to Ireland’s welcoming nature 7 Did the Juicero squeeze the last drops out of American innovation? 8 UDG prepares $600m war chest for M&A deals 9 Revenue collects €61m from medical consultants tax investigation 10 Aryzta to acquire 49% stake in French food firm Picard Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 5/6/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Lions Tour Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Aftershave Lotion Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Aftershave Lotion Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 02, 2017 ) Aftershave lotion helps heal the infection of cuts during the shave and reduce skin irritation as well as prevent damage to the skin. It also moisturizes the skin. Dry shaving and wet shaving are the two types of shaving. Dry shaving is the process of shaving without using water or any shaving creams and foams. On the other hand, wet shaving is the traditional process of shaving with the use of water, shaving creams, soaps, and foams. Aftershave lotions are mainly used after a wet shave. Publisher's analysts forecast the global aftershave lotion market to grow at a CAGR of 7.14% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-aftershave-lotion-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global aftershave lotion market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of aftershave lotions by vendors. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -Europe -MEA Publisher's report, Global Aftershave Lotion Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Beiersdorf -Johnson & Johnson (J&J) -L'Oreal -P&G -Unilever Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332864/sample Other prominent vendors -Avon Products -Colgate-Palmolive -Coty -Dr. Harris & Co. Ltd. -Edgewell Personal Care -Herbacin -Menscience Androceuticals -Period -Proraso -Raymond Group -Super-Max -Taylor of Old Bond Street -Vi-John Market driver -Growing corporate culture -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Trend of beard fashion -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Anti-aging benefits of aftershave lotion -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332864/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Digital Marketing Spending Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Digital Marketing Spending Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 02, 2017 ) Digital marketing is the most active and the fastest growing marketing technique. The growth can be attributed to global digitalization trend. Every minute, an estimated 650,000 search queries are raised on Google, more than 700 videos are hosted on YouTube, over 700,000 status updates and 500,000 comments are posted on Facebook, over 65,000 tweets are made worldwide, and approximately 180 million e-mails are sent. These figures emphasize the significance of digital media as a marketing tool. Publisher's analysts forecast the global digital marketing spending market to grow at a CAGR of 8.79% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-digital-marketing-spending-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global digital marketing spending market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, Publisher analysts have considered expenditure on marketing in digital media. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Digital Marketing Spending Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -AT&T -Comcast -General Motors -P&G -Verizon Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332865/sample Other prominent vendors -American Express -Fiat Chrysler -Ford -Johnson & Johnson -JPMorgan Chase -L'Oréal -Nissan -Pfizer -Toyota -Unilever -Volkswagen -Walt Disney Market driver -Global digital transformation -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Prone to cyber crimes -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Dominance of mobile devices -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332865/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Research and Markets - Dietary Supplements Market Report 2017-2022: Key Players are Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Arm & Hammer, Amway & Abbott Laboratories News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 09:30 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Dietary Supplements Market - Forecasts from 2017 to 2022" report to their offering. Global dietary supplements market is projected to expand at a CAGR of 7.76% over the forecast period to reach a total market size of US$195.2 billion by 2022. A dietary supplement is a product that is intended to add nutritional value to an individual's diet. The dietary or nutritional supplement may be a vitamin, mineral, amino acid, herb or others. It may be in the form of tablets, capsules, soft gels, gelcaps, liquids, or powders. Consumption of these supplements ensures the intake of an appropriate amount of nutrients that a body requires for proper functioning also helps in mitigating the risk of certain diseases. Over the past decade, there has been a huge surge in the sales of dietary supplements owing to greater health awareness, bolstered by an increase in consumer awareness for preventive healthcare, a rise in ageing population, and expansion of sales channels especially due to higher internet penetration across developing economies. Geographically, Asia Pacific is expected to immensely drive the dietary supplements market in the years ahead, while North America and Europe are other major markets that will witness significant growth. Companies Mentioned Pfizer Procter & Gamble Amway BASF Arm and Hammer Abbott Laboratories CVS Pharmacy Kirkland Signature Key Topics Covered: 1. Introduction 2. Research Methodology 3. Executive Summary 4. Dietary Supplements Industry Overview 5. Dietary Supplements Market Forecast by Classification (US$ Billion) 6. Dietary Supplements Market Forecast by Geography (US$ Billion) 7. Competitive Intelligence 8. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/khz874/dietary Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---dietary-supplements-market-report-2017-2022-key-players-are-pfizer-procter--gamble-arm--hammer-amway--abbott-laboratories-300467844.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 02 Jun, 2017, 09:40 ET Preview: Research and Markets - Global Substation Automation Market - Forecasts from 2017 to 2022 - Key Players are Crompton Greaves, ABB, General Electric & Siemens AG 02 Jun, 2017, 09:20 ET Preview: Research and Markets - North America Skin Care Market Report 2017: Key Players are Johnson & Johnson, Unilever, Estee Lauder, Shiseido, Kao, Avon, P&G & Colgate-Palmolive My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Dietary Supplements Market Report 2017-2022: Key Players are Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Arm & Hammer, Amway & Abbott Laboratories News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 09:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Research and Markets - North America Skin Care Market Report 2017: Key Players are Johnson & Johnson, Unilever, Estee Lauder, Shiseido, Kao, Avon, P&G & Colgate-Palmolive News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 09:20 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Skin Care Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. Skin Care Products are used extensively by the population for maintaining and improving the appearance of face and other body parts. The Skin Care products include face packs, creams, moisturizer, lotions, and conditioners among others. These products help in conditioning the skin, protecting the skin from environmental dust, oil & pollution and also clean makeup and soils. There is a huge demand for the skin products in the market such as conditioner, moisturizer, skin lighting creams, and anti-ageing creams, among others coming from population around the globe. These products are widely preferred by consumers of all the ages to maintain healthy and glowing skin. Additionally, the benefits provided by the skin care creams in handling black patches, pigmentation, acne, and pimples among others have enhanced the regular usage of skin care products globally. Moreover, factors such as different creams for different skin types have also attracted more customers to go for skin care products. Additionally, researchers have found that 71% of consumers are interested in anti-aging SPF enhanced body lotions and 59% are interested in body wash with SPF. The market for skin care products has been segmented on the basis of type and region. Based on Country, the market has been segmented into Face Creams and Body Lotion. Face Creams are further segmented into Anti-Ageing Cream, Skin Brightening Creams, and Sun Protection. On the other hand, Body lotions are divided into Mass Market Body Care Lotion, Premium Body Care. The key players operating in Skin Care Products Market are: Johnson & Johnson Unilever Estée Lauder Companies Inc. Shiseido Co. Ltd. Kao Corporation Avon Products Inc. Procter & Gamble Co. Colgate-Palmolive Company Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview 4. North America Skin Care Products Market 5. North America Skin Care Products Market by Country 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/4wtrgw/north_america Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---north-america-skin-care-market-report-2017-key-players-are-johnson--johnson-unilever-estee-lauder-shiseido-kao-avon-pg--colgate-palmolive-300467837.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 02 Jun, 2017, 09:30 ET Preview: Research and Markets - Dietary Supplements Market Report 2017-2022: Key Players are Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Arm & Hammer, Amway & Abbott Laboratories 02 Jun, 2017, 09:10 ET Preview: Global Cloud-based Training Software Market to Grow at a CAGR of 9.2% by 2021 - Increased Need to Improve Employee Value - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - North America Skin Care Market Report 2017: Key Players are Johnson & Johnson, Unilever, Estee Lauder, Shiseido, Kao, Avon, P&G & Colgate-Palmolive News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 09:20 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Arun Patil Capric Acid Market 2017-2022: Trends, Top Manufacturers and Investment Opportunities for Stakeholders The Capric Acid market report includes a comprehensive analysis of the present state of the market. The report starts with the basic Capric Acid industry overview and then goes into each and every detail. In this report, the global Capric Acid market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Capric Acid market overview, which is the beginning of the report consists of various factors such as definitions, applications, and classifications of the Thickening Agents. Industry chain structure, industry news analysis, and industry policy analysis are also covered in the industry overview section of the market research report. Access Capric Acid Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/10387170 The manufacturing cost structure analysis section, which follows the industry overview section, provides a detailed study on manufacturing cost structure and processes analysis, raw material suppliers and price analysis, equipment suppliers and price analysis, labor cost, and other cost analysis of the Capric Acid market. In-depth analysis of the company profiles and competitive strategies offered in the Capric Acid market research report Top Manufacturers Mentioned In Capric Acid Market report are: Henan Eastar Chemicals Co., Ltd., P&G, Temix Oleo, VVF LLC, Chemical Associates, Inc., Oleocomm International Ltd., Acidchem International Sdn Bhd and more. Regions covered in the Capric Acid Market report include: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India Get a Sample of Capric Acid Market research report from: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10387170 Further in the Plasmid Sales Market research report, following points Production, Sales and Revenue, Supply and Consumption and other analysis are included along with in-depth research. Capric Acid Market Product Types include: Animal, Plant along with Applications that include: Foods and Beverages, Pharmaceuticals, Industrial Chemicals, Cosmetics and Personal Care. The Capric Acid industry research report analyses the supply, sales, production, and market status comprehensively. Production market shares and sales market shares are analysed along with the study of capacity, production, sales, and revenue. Several other factors such as import, export, gross margin, price, cost, and consumption are also analysed under the section Analysis of Capric Acid production, supply, sales and market status. In the end, Capric Acid market report is a treasured source for both the individuals as well as the businesses as it provides detailed SWOT analysis along with the new project investments feasibility study. Get Capric Acid Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10387170     CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Capric Acid Industry, Capric Acid Industry growth, Capric Acid Market, Capric Acid Market analysis, Capric Acid Market growth, Capric Acid Market shares, Capric Acid Market size, Capric Acid Market Trends, Chemicals & Materials Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dextrose Powder Market 2022: Study Growth Factors, Types and Applications with Industry Analysis and Forecasts Next PostNext Global Network as a Service Market Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 28.4% by Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
North America Fabric Wash and Care Market Report 2017 (2016-2022) - Research and Markets June 02, 2017 06:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Fabric Wash and Care Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. Fabric wash and care refers to the products used to clean furniture and clothes. It is very essential to use the cleaning products to maintain the softness and cleaning in fabric. Variety of fabric washing products is available in the market, such as detergents, soaps, bleach, fabric softeners etc. Different types of clothes requires specific care guide like dry cleaning or hand wash to keep them looking their best. Fabric products could work on different seasonable clothes as well. Fabric washing products could be used for different types of fabrics such as Acrylic, Cotton, Denim, Linen, Microfiber, Nylon, Polyester, Rayon, Silk, Spandex, Velour, and Wool. Crown Health Care Laundry Services, Columbia brought Hygienically Clean Healthcare certification to North America. Additionally, Growth in awareness about the harmful effects by fabric wash products has encouraged customers to shift towards the eco-friendly and organic products. Hence, Major companies dealing in the production of fabric wash product have focused on launching innovative and eco-friendly products. Recently, Tide launched Tide Purclean, a biobased detergent, with the cleaning qualities of Tide Original Liquid Laundry Detergent. Other market players are also expected to launch more products. The key players operating in the market of fabric wash and care are - Church & Dwight Co., Inc. - Colgate-Palmolive - Henkel AG & Company, KGaA - Nice GR - Procter & Gamble - Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc - The National Detergent Company S.A.O.G - Unilever Group Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview 4. North America Fabric Wash & Care Market 5. North America Fabric Wash & Care Market by Application 6. North America Fabric Wash & Care Market by Country 7. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/9b924m/north_america Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Laundry Care and Detergents Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Laundry Care and Detergents Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > The Market Reports Tweet   Global Phenethyl Oleate Capacity, Production (Units) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Analyzed in a Latest Research Report Global Phenethyl Oleate Market Research Report 2017 contains historic data that spans 2012 to 2016, and then continues to forecast to 2022. That makes this report so invaluable, resources, for the leaders as well as the new entrants in the Industry   Global Phenethyl Oleate Market Research Report 2017 contains historic data that spans 2012 to 2016, and then continues to forecast to 2022. That makes this report so invaluable, resources, for the leaders as well as the new entrants in the Industry (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 02, 2017 ) Global Phenethyl Oleate Market report is replete with detailed analysis from a thorough research, especially on questions that border on market size, development environment, futuristic developments, operation situation, pathways and trend of Phenethyl Oleate. All these are offshoots of understanding the current situation that the industry is in, especially in 2017. The will chart the course for a more comprehensive organization and discernment of the competition situation in the Phenethyl Oleate market. As this will help manufacturers and investors alike, to have a better understanding of the direction in which the Phenethyl Oleate Market is headed. Access complete report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/global-phenethyl-oleate-market-research-report-2017 With this Phenethyl Oleate Market report, one is sure to keep up with information on the dogged competition for market share and control, between elite manufacturers. It also features, price, production, and revenue. It is where you will understand the politics and tussle of gaining control of a huge chunk of the market share. As long as you are in search of key Industry data and information that can readily be accessed, you can rest assured that this report got them covered. Key companies profiled in this report are Procter & Gamble, Wilmar International Ltd, Croda International Plc and others. Purchase a copy of this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/536997 When taking a good look at this report, based on the product, it is evident that the report shows the rate of production, price, revenue, and market share as well as of the growth of each product type. And emphasis is laid on the end users, as well as on the applications of the product. It is one report that hasn't shied away from taking a critical look at the current status and future outlook for the consumption/sales of these products, by the end users and applications. Not forgetting the market share control and growth rate of Phenethyl Oleate Industry, per application. All the queries about this report can be asked at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/536997 List of Chapters: 1 Phenethyl Oleate Market Overview 2 Global Phenethyl Oleate Market Competitions by Manufacturers 3 Global Phenethyl Oleate Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Phenethyl Oleate Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Phenethyl Oleate Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Phenethyl Oleate Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Phenethyl Oleate Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Phenethyl Oleate Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Phenethyl Oleate Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Contact Information: The Market Reports Shirsh Gupta Tel: 06314071315 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Razor Blade Market Global Analysis Industry & 2017-2022 Forecast Report Orbis Research has announced the addition of the Global Razor Blade Market by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.​ Introduction A razor blade is a blade used in a razor, typically a flat piece of metal with a sharp edge or edges used in a safety razor which is used to remove unwanted hair from the face or body. Scope of the Global Razor Blade Market Report This report focuses on the Razor Blade in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/305944 . This report covers Analysis of Global Razor Blade Market Segment by Manufacturers Gillette(P&G) Edgewell Personal Care BIC Laser Razor Blades Lord DORCO Supermax Harry’s (Feintechnik) FEATHER Benxi Jincheng Kaili Razor Ningbo Jiali Liyu Razor Shanghai Cloud Yingjili Analysis of Global Razor Blade Market Segment by regions  North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Global Razor Blade Market Segment by Types Double Edge Razor Blades Single Edge Razor Blades Global Razor Blade Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  Men’s razors Women’s razor Some of the Points cover in Global Razor Blade Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe Razor Blade Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of Razor Blade Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 9 and 10: Global Razor Blade Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: Razor Blade Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: Razor Blade Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source Check discount of the report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/discount/305944 . CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsglobal razor blade market 2022 forecast, razor blade industry, Razor Blade Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017-2022 Cricket Market Forecast Report Next PostNext United States Refined Petroleum Product Industry: Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin Analysis with Forecasts to 2022!! Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Start-ups Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Size is not everything you need to get ahead in the wired world  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›Start-ups Management Management Size is not everything you need to get ahead in the wired world Why car-hailing firm Grab is taking on global behemoth Uber and prospering throughout Southeast Asia PUBLISHED : Friday, 02 June, 2017, 8:02am UPDATED : Friday, 02 June, 2017, 8:48pm Comments:   Howard Yu Share PrintEmail Related topics Management Future tech Startups Internet Motoring Autos Uber Alibaba Related Articles Companies Successful digitalisation critical for future of Hong Kong 2 Jun 2017 Companies Women steadily moving up hospitality, tourism career ladder 29 May 2017 Companies Companies need to embrace this one important skill in an era of instant answers 27 May 2017 Last week, when I was travelling through Singapore and Malaysia, I was using Uber everywhere. My local friends were using something else; they were all on Grab. Outside Southeast Asia, very few might have heard of Grab. But a lot of ink has been spilled in the region about the fight between the two car-hailing companies and how they have been able to prosper simultaneously. The world’s most valuable start-up and valued at US$68 billion, Uber has a war chest dwarfing that of Singapore-based Grab, which only amounts to US$4 billion. With Uber selling off its China operation to Didi Chuxing in August last year, Southeast Asia has become the next must-win battle. Curiously enough, Grab has claimed more than 95 per cent of the market share in places including Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia and the Philippines. This is strange. In our increasingly connected economy, scale matters. Big companies often enjoy vast profits. McKinsey, a global consultancy, estimates that 10 per cent of the world’s public companies generate 80 per cent of all profits. So how do we explain that the tiny Grab has managed to ward off Uber for so long, with no sign of being upstaged any time soon? Among business school academics, the so-called network effect is a common explanation for the rise of Uber, Airbnb and Alibaba Group Holding. In each of these cases, the company took on the role of a two-sided marketplace, facilitating sellers on the supply side and buyers on the demand side to exchange goods or services. The value of such a platform depends in large part on the number of users on either side of the exchange. The deeper the market, that is, the more people use something, the more inherently attractive the platform becomes, leading even more people to use it. Consider for a moment any dating website from OkCupid to Tinder to Match.com. Men are drawn towards them because there is a huge supply of women, with a good match more likely to result, and vice versa. Because of this network effect, users are willing to pay more for access to a bigger network and so a company’s profits improve when its user base grows. Scale begets scale. With little to differentiate products fundamentally – think Uber against Lyft or iMessage against WhatsApp – competition is often reduced to a game of “grow fast or die”. That is why Facebook is obsessed with growth. That is also why when SnapChat went public in March this year, the number of daily active users became the single most important metric for potential investors. The more people hang out on Facebook or SnapChat reading news and playing games, the more willing big brands like Coca-Cola or Procter & Gamble are to buy ads there. Once a platform reaches a certain size, its dominance was thought to be hard to unseat. But it turns out size is more of a consequence than the direct source of greatness. To be truly successful, any platform must achieve what is known in Silicon Valley as the product/market fit. And what fits well in one country can fare badly in another. Twelve years ago, eBay, with global revenues of more than US$2 billion, entered China. In a defensive move, Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba swiftly set up Taobao. Taobao prevailed. “When we were fighting with eBay, we listed 10 things that eBay was doing in China and that we did 100 per cent differently,” David Wei, former group executive vice-president for Alibaba’s e-commerce business, explained in an interview with CNN on how his company forced eBay to back out of China. “For example, they charge a listing fee, we don’t. The ranking orders of eBay are based on the auction base, which means the products that have been on there for the longest time will be on top. But in the retail model, you should put the freshest on top. “EBay also stops people from talking to each other because it’s an auction model, but in China we launched instant messenger encouraging people to talk to each other. The top 10 things eBay was doing, we completely changed in China. Their winning recipes in the US actually became the poison killing their business in China.” The larger story is also that eBay’s target customers, namely small-time manufacturers that wished to export their wares to America, did not yet have access to the internet. Alibaba founder Jack Ma Yun understood this all too well. He assembled a huge sales force that fanned out across the country, teaching merchants how to get wired. Alibaba owns the South China Morning Post. But this is not just about China. (Though one would be tempted to draw such a conclusion when reading the similar tale of Baidu, Huawei Technologies and Tencent Holdings’ WeChat). Grab, for one, has exploited the same dynamics to its full advantage, but only in Southeast Asia. Anthony Tan, co-founder and chief executive of GrabTaxi, saw the imperative to understand, appreciate and build regional distinctions into a product. In the Philippines, for example, eight major dialects are spoken. When someone calls Grab’s customer service, they would speak in the local dialect. “We understood the taxi driver’s need for daily income. We understood that a lot of people really use cash. We respect the hyper local culture in places we operate,” Tan said. The lack of trust and scanty safety records also plague the taxi industry in Asia. To help, riders can retrieve drivers’ police records through the app and can share routes and number plates with friends and family. In Indonesia where road congestion is endemic, GrabBike offers rides on motorcycles. Gathering GPS data as tens of thousands of motorcyclists navigate copious back roads and side streets to avoid traffic, Grab’s route-planning suggestion has surpassed even Google Maps. All of this suggests that Silicon Valley behemoths, which sail out from the West Coast and think like an imperial armada to establish beachheads on every other continent, have been dangerously misled. Yes, the world may have made flat by the internet, but a start-up like Grab can still thrive. Howard Yu is professor of strategy and innovation at IMD Business School with campuses in Switzerland and Singapore Tech Wrap Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: David versus Goliath battle heating up   Most Popular Viewed 1 How the QR code has forever changed China’s social habits 2 Data spat between home delivery majors causes huge confusion 3 The Hong Kong team behind breakthrough mobile game Deadheads 4 Airbnb picks China head, but is it too late? 5 Bicycles are eating the lunch of China’s No. 1 car-sharing app Shared 1 How the QR code has forever changed China’s social habits 2 Bicycles are eating the lunch of China’s No. 1 car-sharing app 3 Data spat between home delivery majors causes huge confusion 4 Microsoft in big AI push to make smarter business, consumer apps 5 The Hong Kong team behind breakthrough mobile game Deadheads Commented 1 Home prices surge 20 per cent in a year ... but how high can they go? 2 Cheung Kong raises prices by 10pc in a week, reflecting bullishness 3 Hong Kong’s homebuyers shrug aside rising mortgage rates 4 Generous mortgage plans boost sales of Cheung Kong flats 5 Chinese Estates unit pockets HK$26m profit in Evergrande punt Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like Hong Kong Meet ‘Bull’ Tsang Kin-shing, the creator of protest props in Hong Kong Jun 2nd 2017, 3:33pm Festivals reveal Macau’s Chinese heritage In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Hong Kong What does paddling a dragon boat during a furious race look like? May 30th 2017, 6:27pm Walking the walk: Telstra commits to gender equality Brought to you by: Telstra Hong Kong How a store that still sells kerosene stoves became a treasure trove of the community May 27th 2017, 11:18am 3 Property Hong Kong’s banks raise mortgage rates after HKMA rules 27 May 2017 - 5:53pm Hong Kong Passengers left stranded after Cathay flight hits brake problem 25 May 2017 - 12:23am 53 World Outgoing WHO chief Margaret Chan defends her legacy May 24th 2017, 11:59am 5 Hong Kong Filipino woman falls to death in suspected window-cleaning accident 18 May 2017 - 5:45pm 35 Hong Kong Hong Kong HIV cases hit record high, with more younger men infected 20 May 2017 - 11:50pm 17 Opinion The US will regret snubbing China’s belt and road 19 May 2017 - 10:48pm 27 Post Magazine The Holga: how a Hong Kong-made camera became a cult classic 24 May 2017 - 12:37pm 2 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
