Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Limited time offer, subscribe & save 25% Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Trump unrepentant in wake of UK spying accusations Trump and Merkel air differences in tense first meeting Spain’s UK expats face Brexit citizenship dilemma Trump’s fast-and-loose style spooks British spies Erdogan’s informers: Turkey’s descent into fear and betrayal US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump unrepentant in wake of UK spying accusations Trump and Merkel air differences in tense first meeting Trump’s fast-and-loose style spooks British spies G20 ministers warn US against rising protectionism Trumpian neglect breeds American optimism Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read The conundrum of Theresa May’s Great Repeal Bill YouTube revenues under threat over ads alongside extremist videos Goldman links Lloyd Blankfein’s pay to outperforming rivals Demis Hassabis plays to DeepMind’s strengths by using artificial intelligence for social impact Asset managers campaign to limit use of antibiotics Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Pound’s calm faces test as Brexit talks near Why states struggle to repatriate looted assets Markets crude reading of populism distorts view on Europe Dollar stays soft in wake of Fed’s ‘dovish’ rate rise Authers’ Note: The Populists are Coming! Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read A second Scottish independence vote is a certainty Independence Day: Scotland prepares for a sequel Some things are best left to the technocrats George Osborne’s new job is a flagrant conflict of interest Brexit maps the path to Scottish independence Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Overqualified applicants will be your best hires How employers ‘manage out’ unwanted staff Tag Heuer’s smartwatch goes back to the future How I help my children navigate their incredible life journeys Theresa May’s clampdown on international students is a mystery Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Why I left my liberal London tribe Bumble founder Whitney Wolfe on millennial matchmaking Erdogan’s informers: Turkey’s descent into fear and betrayal Why gentrified is justified Inglorious Empire by Shashi Tharoor — the rapacious Raj Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Boldness in Business Add to myFT Dollar Shave Club wins market share and customers with back-to-basics approach Taking a basic toiletry and selling it directly, backed by a lively social media campaign, has created a $1bn business Read next Foreword by Lionel Barber Friday, 17 March, 2017 © Scott Chambers/Synergy Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save March 17, 2017 by: Alan Livsey If Michael Dubin, founder of Dollar Shave Club, needs to thank anyone for his success, it should be shoplifters. Disposable razor blades make rich pickings for shoplifters. They fit into that group of products security experts in retail refer to as “craved”: concealable, removable, available, valued, enjoyed and disposable. Over the years US retailers increasingly have locked them away in glass cabinets — much to the irritation of many genuine customers, too. Dubin launched the business of selling razors because he was fed up of paying for disposable products in a market dominated by a couple of companies, mostly Procter & Gamble’s Gillette brand. The new business would offer its generally male customers easy access to good-quality razors via a subscription service. Dubin cannonballed into this deepening pool of consumer resentment with an amusing 2012 commercial video on YouTube. He has claimed to have done only some improvisational comedy course work but no stand-up. If that is true, it does not show: he touched a collective funny bone while generating demand for his razors. His pitch — the video’s title was “Our Blades Are F***ing Great” — played well to men annoyed by the rising cost and myriad features of disposable blades, and mocked the established brands while claiming to offer better value. Dubin touched a collective funny bone while generating demand The reaction made Dubin instantly famous: his video has so far had 24m views. The Dollar Shave Club’s own website could not cope with the sudden interest and crashed, so surviving this surge of publicity was his team’s next goal. “I have to give our small and relentless team credit for getting us through the days after the video went viral,” says Dubin. “It was a really hectic time.” Though not the first personal care subscription service — New York-based Birchbox launched one for beauty products in 2010 — Dollar Shave Club’s success has spawned an industry of such services. Whereas at the time of Dollar Shave’s launch, subscription services offered a surprise box of items based on what they felt were customers’ preferences, Dubin’s business was different. Dollar Shave sent exactly what was ordered. Initially, customers receive a razor handle and pack of cartridges. Each month thereafter, replacement cartridges arrive at their regular price of $1, $6 or $9. In addition, the company sells so-called “premium” products, such as shave butter and post-shave cream. Its One Wipe Charlies, so named, are designed specifically for men’s needs in the toilet. One of the most important factors in Dollar Shave’s success has been the shift during the past decade to shopping on mobile devices. A surge in the penetration of tablets following the launch of Apple’s iPad in 2010 has also boosted the take-up of subscription services, says Nicholas Micallef at market research house Euromonitor. Indeed, such is the volume of subscription services today that a new industry of comparison sites, such as Mysubscriptionaddiction.com, has sprung up to guide consumers. Replete with reviews and special offers, these sites channel even more web traffic to the subscription sites. Michael Dubin has displayed a sense of purpose that has been shown to be crucial to winning customers over As for Dubin, he did not stop with one video. Another witty skit followed, this time without him as the front man but involving a security guard with a stun gun shooting a customer who complains, albeit mildly, about lack of access to the blades locked away in the shop’s glass cabinets. Dollar Shave Club has not been the only underdog in its sector. In the UK, for example, King of Shaves, a male style and grooming range, started out as a challenger to the conglomerates 24 years ago. But it is Dubin’s connection with his customers via social media that has made the difference for his company. The impact on the industry leaders became noticeable as online sales took off. Market share for Procter & Gamble, owners of the Gillette brand, has hardly grown since 2011. Meanwhile, private-label brands have doubled their share. No brand has matched Dollar Shave Club’s rapid growth during the past seven years, however. Dubin’s 3m subscribers spent a reported $160m last year. Yet Gillette still held 64 per cent of the market at the end of 2015. The global number two, Edgewell, whose brands include Schick and Wilkinson Sword, has about a fifth of Gillette’s share, making it difficult for even a fast-growing near unicorn start-up to compete, at least on its own. Related article How Michael Dubin built Dollar Shave Club into a $1bn company Maverick approach by founder seen in hit YouTube video has changed the way razors are sold Sunday, 19 March, 2017 Dollar Shave Club attracted plenty of attention from venture capitalists. By the end of 2015 it was on its way to a $1bn valuation after raising $90m (up from an initial $75m) during the second half of that year. Eventually, another consumer giant, Anglo-Dutch Unilever, showed an interest. The group, which claims its brands are present in 98 per cent of households in the UK, had one significant gap in its portfolio, namely shaving products. An initial plan to take a stake in Dollar Shave Club turned into a full takeover last July for $1bn — hardly a steal at five times estimated 2016 revenues but reflecting Unilever’s expectations for this most basic of men’s grooming products. From nothing Dollar Shave Club had built a 1 per cent market share in just three years. Indeed, all of the alternative brands — including Dubin’s start-up — took nearly four percentage points of market share from Gillette and Edgewell during that time. The global market for men’s razors and blades is worth $15bn, according to Euromonitor, only about a fifth of which is in the US. At the same time, Unilever was looking to build on what Dubin seems to do almost effortlessly: connect directly to the consumer. For multinationals such as Unilever, the most obvious path to its customers has been via leading retailers such as Walmart. Unilever’s likely strategy will be to take Dollar Shave Club into as many markets as possible, including emerging economies such as Brazil and India, whose shaving products markets together are forecast to expand by $620m over the five years to 2020, according to Euromonitor, representing nearly half of the expected expansion globally. Among the key attractions for investors were Dubin’s irreverent marketing and sense of purpose with his back-to-basics approach. The latter point has been the subject of research by Harvard Business School. In conjunction with consultancy EY, it studied the efforts of 1,349 emerging entrepreneurs (their companies all less than five years old) during the past three decades, concluding that a sense of purpose is crucial to winning customers over. Simply surviving Dollar Shave Club’s early period in business also reflected well on Dubin. So rapid was its initial growth — frenetic weeks of furiously packing boxes to send out on time to customers — that the business could easily have wrecked its reputation just as it was starting out. Dubin’s effective management of early growth is another thing that will have attracted investors, including the multinational that ultimately took it over. Dubin’s gamble was that people would be prepared to pay for his blades in advance. He also felt that a delivery service would add value and convenience for his customers. “It was my idea from the beginning,” he notes when asked about the decision to go with his “SAAS” (shaving as a subscription) approach. Few businesses prosper in the long term by selling a single product Did the predictability of recurring revenues also give the business an advantage? Up to a point, he says, though he admits such revenues were not necessarily predictable. “A lot of entrepreneurs find subscriptions attractive because in theory you have a consistent cash flow,” he says. “But that’s not always sustainable if you’re selling something that people want and don’t need.” In Dollar Shave Club’s case, customers have both wanted and needed its service, and it has not reached that breaking point where customers do not renew subscriptions because they see the product simply as a luxury rather than essential. On Dollar Shave Club’s many imitators, Ken Cassar, principal analyst at online retail consultancy Slice Intelligence, suspects the personal care market is already saturated. “Unless more cost-effective models come up, there’s going to be a shakeout,” he says. Another key to survival is diversification of product lines — few such businesses prosper in the long term by selling a single product. Quite a few razor companies offer other skin care products. Edgewell, for example, bought the popular Bulldog line of men’s skin care products late last year. Dollar Shave Club, then, should find there is mileage in its One Wipe Charlies and other extras. Supported by another comically informative video, Dubin will no doubt be hoping the market backs his latest niche idea. Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save Latest on Boldness in Business Foreword by Lionel Barber Friday, 17 March, 2017 Winners and Nominees Friday, 17 March, 2017 The judges’ perspective Friday, 17 March, 2017 Opinion: Visions accomplished Friday, 17 March, 2017 Boldness in Business Person of the Year: Helena Morrissey Friday, 17 March, 2017 Read latest Foreword by Lionel Barber Friday, 17 March, 2017 Latest on Boldness in Business Add to myFT myFT Follow the topics mentioned in this article Gillette Add to myFT Procter & Gamble Add to myFT Unilever Add to myFT Mark Levine Add to myFT Retail & Consumer Add to myFT Follow the authors of this article Alan Livsey Add to myFT Take a tour of myFT Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Share News Tips Securely Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Gibson Energy Inc. (GEI) Target Price at $19.90 TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) Receives $39.82 Average Price Target from Brokerages Analysts Set PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Target Price at $103.58 Morgan Stanley (MS) Short Interest Update Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Short Interest Up 27.3% in February Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) to Post Q3 2018 Earnings of $0.65 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Allegheny Technologies Incorporated’s FY2018 Earnings (ATI) Inter Parfums, Inc. Forecasted to Post Q4 2018 Earnings of $0.20 Per Share (IPAR) Short Interest in iShares Russell 2000 Index (IWM) Expands By 3.6% Analysts Offer Predictions for Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (SPWH) Guess?, Inc. (GES) Forecasted to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of ($0.33) Per Share Cadence Design Systems Inc (CDNS) Receives $28.33 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Croda International Plc (CRDA) Receives GBX 3,456.64 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Receives $23.50 Consensus Target Price from Analysts CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Receives $54.55 Average Price Target from Brokerages Sophiris Bio Inc (SPHS) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Research Analysts Set Expectations for Extra Space Storage, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (EXR) Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd (RDY) Receives $41.90 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages National Bank Financial Weighs in on BTB Real Estate Investment Trust’s FY2017 Earnings (BTB) Analysts Set MTGE Investment Corp (MTGE) Price Target at $17.10 Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by Private Advisor Group LLC March 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Private Advisor Group LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 4.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 186,009 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 8,290 shares during the period. Private Advisor Group LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $15,578,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of PG. American National Bank increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares in the last quarter. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. acquired a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $149,000. New Capital Management LP acquired a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $210,000. Finally, Loudon Investment Management LLC increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Loudon Investment Management LLC now owns 2,515 shares of the company’s stock worth $211,000 after buying an additional 48 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 91.40 on Thursday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 1-year low of $79.10 and a 1-year high of $91.89. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $89.52 and its 200-day moving average is $86.80. The stock has a market cap of $233.66 billion, a PE ratio of 16.75 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The firm earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.04 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Friday, January 20th were paid a dividend of $0.6695 per share. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.93%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is currently 48.73%. This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/16/procter-gamble-co-pg-shares-bought-by-private-advisor-group-llc.html. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on PG shares. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Saturday, November 26th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $93.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, November 21st. Citigroup Inc lifted their price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada set a $76.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 2nd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $90.79. In related news, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total transaction of $5,126,855.30. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 37,835 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,291,645. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133. 0.35% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Top News In the Lab Health Technology Pharma Academia Features Columns Conferences News by Country Login Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Newsletter Print Magazine About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Terms of Use Login Sign Up Follow Us: Top News In the Lab Health Technology Pharma Academia Features Columns Videos Asian Scientist 100 Bugs & Quarks Singapore's Scientific Pioneers Print Magazine Intelligence Conferences News by Country Australia Bangladesh China Hong Kong SAR India Indonesia Japan Lao PDR Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore South Korea Taiwan Thailand Vietnam Asian Scientist Careers: 9 Jobs Available At P&G Singapore Interested in working for the world’s largest household and personal care company? You’re in luck, they’re hiring! Asian Scientist Newsroom | March 16, 2017 | Top News AsianScientist (Mar. 16, 2017) - Do you have a flair for personal care? Consumer products multinational P&G is looking for both marketing and scientific staff for their Singapore office. Scroll through the posts below to see if anything catches your eye! P&G P&G is the largest household and personal care company in the world, with operations across 80 countries and brands sold in more than 180 countries worldwide. Its portfolio includes some of the world’s best-known household names such as Gillette, Pampers, Pantene, Oral-B and SK-II. Available Positions at P&G: 1. Assistant Brand Manager Location: Singapore Description: We offer opportunities for innovative candidates to join our Marketing and Brand management team. Candidates will analyze consumer research to develop key insights, develop winning concepts, define and sustain the Brand’s equity as well as innovate digital marketing on a global level. Qualifications: Strong academic credentials. Fresh graduates or professionals with no more than two to three years' experience and who are looking to upgrade their career are welcome to apply Specific hands-on experience, working in digital marketing and e-commerce, with an advantage of experience in brand work (any industry) Cognitive thought and problem-solving skills Strong leadership ability demonstrated through active participation in extra-curricular activities or in the course of their work 2. Assistant Brand Manager Location: Singapore Description: We offer opportunities for innovative candidates to join our Marketing and Brand management team. Candidates will analyze consumer research to develop key insights, develop winning concepts, define and sustain the Brand’s equity as well as innovate digital marketing on a global level. Qualifications: Strong academic credentials. Fresh graduates or professionals with no more than two to three years' experience and who are looking to upgrade their career are welcome to apply Specific hands-on experience, working in digital marketing and e-commerce, with an advantage of experience in brand work (any industry) Strong leadership ability demonstrated through active participation in extra-curricular activities or in the course of their work Proficiency in Tagalog language and market knowledge of Philippines as the role requires local consumer understanding to develop brand equity and marketing strategies for Philippines market 3. Assistant Brand Manager Location: Singapore Description: We offer opportunities for innovative candidates to join our Marketing and Brand management team. Candidates will analyze consumer research to develop key insights, develop winning concepts, define and sustain the Brand’s equity as well as innovate digital marketing on a global level. Qualifications: Strong academic credentials. Fresh graduates or professionals with no more than two to three years' experience and who are looking to upgrade their career are welcome to apply Specific hands-on experience, working in digital marketing and E-commerce, with an advantage of experience in brand work (any industry) Strong leadership ability demonstrated through active participation in extra-curricular activities or in the course of their work Proficiency in Korean language and market knowledge of Korea as the role requires local consumer understanding to develop brand equity and marketing strategies for Korea market 4. Assistant Brand Manager Location: Singapore Description: This role is for a creative individual who will lead the brand’s multi-function project team in Singapore, by leveraging the individual’s knowledge of Japan market landscape to develop a successful Japan growth plan. He/She will also identify relevant and powerful PR platforms and lead PR and social media agencies to conceptualize PR/social media plans for the brand. Key Responsibilities: Product Innovation Design: Identify Japanese consumers' needs and provide inputs to R&D and technical team to design the right package and formula to win with Japanese consumers Lead consumer researches to develop qualified brand concepts, benefit and claims that address consumers' unmet needs Lead creative agencies to develop communication idea and execute TV copy production Develop initiatives fit-for-use toolkits (including copy, prints, digital i-banners, social & e-Commerce contents, sampling trial toolkits, in-store activation and demos, etc), and deploy/guide local delivery team for execution Initiatives Financial Management: Set and deliver the initiatives business target Be responsible for the initiatives financial Profit & Loss Go-to-market Planning and Execution: Develop holistic go-to-market communications throughout multiple touch points along the way of consumers' path to purchase Lead PR and Social media agency to cook PR/Social plan for the brand, identify relevant and powerful PR platforms, social forums, bloggers, key opinion leaders and advocators to drive word-of-mouth. Qualifications: Strong academic credentials. Professionals with two to three years' experience and who are looking to upgrade their career are welcome to apply Specific hands-on experience, working in digital marketing and E-commerce, with an advantage of experience in brand work (any industry) Strong leadership ability demonstrated through active participation in extra-curricular activities or in the course of their work Proficiency in Japanese language and market knowledge of Japan as the role requires local consumer understanding to develop brand equity and marketing strategies for Japan market 5. Investigative Salon Lab Leader Location: Singapore Description: We are looking for an energetic person to lead the setting up of our Investigative Salon Lab in Singapore. The individual will also be responsible for reporting the status, results and conclusions to his/her development team, and collaborate proactively with the appropriate business contacts in all involved departments in his/her projects. Key Responsibilities: Quickly on-board with current efforts across Beauty Measurement Sciences, including the other Investigative Salon Labs in Cincinnati (US) and Schwalbach (Germany) Create a vision for the Investigative Salon Lab capability in Singapore Lead stylist recruitment including leveraging an external stylist’s network, as required Establish sensory measurement protocols and execute tests for clients Establish operational principles and processes and oversee daily operations including interaction with clients and consumers/panellist Qualifications: PhD in neurosensory/sensory or related fields such as cognitive or behavioral sciences Strong working knowledge and skills across the full spectrum of sensory methods (affective, effective and perception) Experience/knowledge of different kinds of statistical methods (tools, systems, software etc.) Able to travel overseas for training period from three to six months Able to travel for sporadic business trips mainly within Asia, to Europe and to the US Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to use data to connect multiple ideas and develop solutions Able to join by April/June 2017 6. Technical Specialist Location: Singapore Description: We are looking for a technical specialist to perform the critical experimental work of applied research, including generating and summarizing data. Key Responsibilities: Conduct hands-on experimentation in the laboratories Perform test procedures and produce reliable, reproducible results to meet project needs Document, compile and summarize experimental data for review and interpretation Communicate results and observations to the project team members, making special note of unanticipated results and/or unexpected observations Qualifications: Highest educational qualification as a diploma or NITEC qualification in Chemistry, Bioengineering, Chemical / Mechanical Engineering, Life Sciences, or a related field Solid laboratory skills, with an understanding of basic science Enjoys hands-on experimentation, iteration, and solving technical problems Reliability, with the ability to hold themselves accountable for timely results 7. Scientist - Beauty Care Technology (PhDs only) Location: Singapore Description: We are looking for a talented computer vision and deep learning expert to join our multi-functional beauty technology team Key Responsibilities: Develop and implement machine learning and image analysis/modelling tools to analyze skin condition from large face image datasets Partner with internal and external technical experts and multi-functional teams to assess and invent superior approaches for large-scale image data analytics and integration Qualifications: PhD in Computer Science, Computer Vision, Machine learning, Deep learning or related field Experience in working with large unstructured datasets, deep Learning, computer vision algorithms and applying novel machine learning techniques to generate novel insights Depth and breadth of state-of-the-art computer vision, deep learning and machine learning technologies 8. Scientist (PhDs only) Location: Singapore Description: The role will be responsible for inventing, reapplying, developing and delivering breakthrough product, process, raw material and packaging technologies that provide delightful and winning brand experience to consumers. Key Responsibilities: Manage the coordination and execution of the technical function of specific project activities Manage the design and execution of consumer and technical tests to develop research concepts Provide technical rationale and support for patent applications Develop and qualify new products, materials, packages and processes Manage the process qualification, validation and technology transfer to plants Qualifications: Candidates with at least a Masters or PhD (Science/ Engineering) in Chemistry, Life Sciences, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Material Sciences, Electronics or a related field Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to use data to connect multiple ideas and develop solutions Strong interpersonal and communication skills to connect with people from different cultures and levels, both internally and externally 9. Scientist (Masters only) Location: Singapore Description: In R&D we have opportunities in a variety of technical fields like: Products Research, Process Development, Raw Material Development, Packaging Development, Analytics, Product Safety and Regulatory Affairs in the areas of Beauty Care, Hair Care, Perfume, Chemicals, Home Care and Personal Health Care Key Responsibilities: Manage the coordination and execution of the technical function of specific project activities Manage the design and execution of consumer and technical tests to develop research concepts Manage the process qualification, validation and technology transfer to plants Qualifications: Candidates with at least a Masters or PhD (Science/ Engineering) in Chemistry, Life Sciences, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Material Sciences, Electronics or a related field 0 - 5 years' experience in the Research & Development field Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to use data to connect multiple ideas and develop solutions ------ Asian Scientist Careers is a newly-launched service for job recruiters and human resource executives in the region. Whether you are looking to list permanent, temporary or contract positions, please feel free to drop us an email at admin@asianscientist.com or call us at (+65) 6466 5775 for further enquiries. Reproduced with permission from P&G; Photo: Shutterstock. Disclaimer: This article does not necessarily reflect the views of AsianScientist or its staff. Tags: Asian Scientist Careers, Personal Care, Procter & Gamble ADVERTISEMENT Related Stories from Asian Scientist Asian Scientist Careers: 10 Research Jobs In Singapore This Week Personal care and consumer goods multinational P&G is hiring. Here are 10 positions open in Singapore. Asian Scientist Careers: 11 Research Jobs In Asia Pacific This Week Looking for a new job? Here are some openings available at two global contract research organizations. A*STAR & LION To Develop New Anti-Microbial Products LION Corporation seeks to leverage IMRE's multipurpose polymer technology for new consumer products. A*STAR, P&G Sign Five-Year Partnership P&G and A*STAR have signed a five-year research partnership that provides the potential for up to S$60 million in joint funding Asian Scientist Careers: 15 STEM Jobs In Asia This Week There are job openings available at a global pharmaceutical company and an autonomous vehicle startup. Asian Scientist Careers: 6 Engineering Jobs In Asia This Week There are job openings available at a Singapore-based engineering company. Subscribe to our newsletter ADVERTISEMENT EDITOR’S PICKS The Future Of Data Storage Is Atomic Lasers Make Dino Flesh Glow In The Dark Three Years A (Professional) Science Writer Minimalist CRISPR ‘Gene Scissors’ Make Way For Undruggable Targets Monkeys Pass Mirror Test For Self-Awareness More Editor’s Picks ADVERTISEMENT Subscribe to our newsletter Copyright © 2011-2017 Asian Scientist Magazine | Science, Technology and Medicine News Updates From Asia All Rights Reserved. Top News In the Lab Health Technology Pharma Academia Features Columns About Contact Careers Write for us Advertise Privacy Terms Site Map FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL NEWSLETTER PRINT MAGAZINE Copyright © 2011-2017 Asian Scientist Magazine | Science, Technology and Medicine News Updates From Asia All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube login Home News Business Overseas Entertainment Life Sports Trending Focus ANC Weather DZMM TV PATROL Home  >  Life P&G's Francisco: Walking the talk on gender equality Jan Yumul, ABS-CBN News Posted at Mar 17 2017 01:24 AM Share Save Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest Fama Francisco with former U.S. first lady Michelle Obama. For Procter and Gamble's first woman and Asian global president for feminine care, "walking the talk" is the most effective way to simply get things done and inspire change, even more when one is in a position to do so. In an email response to "The Boss" for her International Women's Day message, Fama Francisco shared how lucky she is to work for a company like P&G where all people are welcome, valued, and respected. "When you’re a senior leader in a big international company, you have to hold yourself and your team accountable to make change happen and accelerate gender equality progress within the organization,"said Francisco. She said P&G recently kicked off a new program in their global P&G Fem Care organization called "FemPowerment," which is designed to strengthen the metrics, policies, and practices across the organization to ensure women are getting the support they need to succeed. "This includes reviewing and improving the pipeline of women for advancement and empowering them with a strong support system. Making this type of commitment to gender equality is essential. And we must walk the talk; putting specific policies and actions into practice is critical to remove barriers and ensure women are equipped to achieve their career goals," said Francisco. Fama Francisco with former U.S. President Bill Clinton The mother of two also shares her recollection meeting the former first lady of the United States, Michelle Obama, which Francisco described as a "truly unforgettable experience". "She is very warm and genuine (and very tall!), so I immediately felt comfortable chatting with her," said Francisco.  "She’s a mother of two teenage daughters, and I have a teenage daughter so its always nice to have this in common. And hearing her talk, it quickly became obvious that Michelle has great sensitivity and heart for girls. She is very aware of the barriers that girls around the world face when it comes to things like education and equal opportunity. And when she gets behind a cause, she really puts her personal time in to champion that cause," she added. Catch The Boss on Thursdays at 7:30pm on ANC, THE Filipino Channel, and iWantTV. Share Save Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest Read More:  Procter and Gamble   Fama Francisco   The Boss   ANC   /video/lifestyle/v2/01/13/16/where-the-philippines-stands-on-gender-equality LATEST NEWS MOST READ WATCH: Darren, Inigo, Sarah team up on 'ASAP' March 19, 2017 WATCH: Kyla, Darren in 'One Moment in Time' duet March 19, 2017 Duterte denies hand in planned impeachment raps vs Robredo March 19, 2017 NU Lady Bulldogs rule UAAP lawn tennis anew March 19, 2017 Pabrika ng tsinelas sa Valenzuela, nasunog March 19, 2017 WATCH: Warriors honor Raymond Townsend, first Fil-Am in the NBA March 19, 2017 Ronnie not jealous of Julia, Joshua's closeness March 19, 2017 Espejo still willing to answer national team's call March 19, 2017 Trail Blazers used fast start to beat Hawks March 19, 2017 Golovkin edges Jacobs in rare decision to defend titles March 19, 2017 NU Bulldogs secure Final 4 berth with sweep of FEU March 19, 2017 Cop shoots drinking buddies; 2 dead, 4 hurt March 19, 2017 LOOK: Giant strawberry cake in La Trinidad March 19, 2017 Thailand's Srisaket upsets unbeaten Gonzalez March 19, 2017 De Lima twits Speaker over 'insane' Robredo ouster threat March 19, 2017 Francis Libiran, partner share kiss after exchanging vows WATCH: Awra draws laughs with Elizabeth Ramsey impersonation 5 patay sa paghain ng search warrant sa Arayat 'I Can Do That': Pokwang, Wacky's wheelchair dance brings audience to tears In New York, James and Nadine give their fans visual treat Son of puto vendor charms judges, wins 'Tawag' title K Brosas talks about daughter's dad WATCH: Gerald, Kim play funny round of weird Q&A game Estudyante, arestado sa GenSan dahil sa mapanirang komento sa Facebook Magdalo Rep. Alejano hints at possible shift of alliances in Congress VP Robredo nalulungkot sa paglaganap ng fake news Mga single mom, nililigawan muna bago nakawan Favorite part of Mika Reyes' body? Jerome Ponce answers 'Your Face Sounds Familiar': Xia is adorable as Aaron Carter WATCH: Old man sings 'Duterte song' BRAND NEWS Here are the best nude lipsticks for your skin tone 5 travel hacks for a budget-friendly trip Lifestyle changes are key to preventing diabetic retinopathy 5 things you shouldn’t let your kids see online Blackwater Fame: Fragrances to stay fresh all day At the highest point in Tagaytay, one will find an exquisite piece of Switzerland Go on a coffee date with Piolo and win a trip to Dubai United For Healthier Kids launches website to end malnutrition LOOK: Why this pair of jeans is far from ordinary Sta. Rosa enjoys a slice of the English countryside at Brittany's Promenade next BRAND NEWS Here are the best nude lipsticks for your skin tone 5 travel hacks for a budget-friendly trip Lifestyle changes are key to preventing diabetic retinopathy 5 things you shouldn’t let your kids see online Blackwater Fame: Fragrances to stay fresh all day At the highest point in Tagaytay, one will find an exquisite piece of Switzerland Go on a coffee date with Piolo and win a trip to Dubai United For Healthier Kids launches website to end malnutrition LOOK: Why this pair of jeans is far from ordinary Sta. Rosa enjoys a slice of the English countryside at Brittany's Promenade © 2017 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc Two of the most popular dividend-paying retirement stocks face off -- and it's a very close battle. Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Mar 16, 2017 at 1:24PM Dividend-paying stalwarts provide the foundation of many retirement portfolios. Foremost among those stocks are consumer goods conglomerate Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) and parent of Marlboro cigarettes Altria (NYSE:MO). Both stocks offer dividend yields over 3%, which is very tempting in today's environment. But which company is the better stock to buy today? There's no sure-fire way to answer that question. I like to approach it from three different perspectives to get a better idea of what I'm paying for. Here's how P&G stacks up against Altria through those lenses. Image source: Getty Images. Sustainable competitive advantages There's nothing more important for long-term investors to spend time researching than a company's sustainable competitive advantage. Often referred to as a "moat" in investing circles, this is what sets a company apart -- the thing that keeps customers coming back week after week, and competition at bay for year after year. P&G's moat is provided by the fact that the company owns some of the most popular brands showing up in bathrooms throughout the world. This includes Pampers, Tide, Duracell, and Gillette. Normally, I'm not a huge fan of relying on brand names to provide a moat, but all of these brands have stood the test of time. Because of the trust that customers have in these brand names, they're willing to pay incrementally more year after year. This helps give P&G an enviable moat. Altria, on the other hand, is the parent company for Marlboro-brand cigarettes in the United States. As with P&G, this single brand alone has shown amazing resiliency that proves it provides an enviable moat. Often overlooked is the fact that Altria also owns a substantial stake in Anheuser-Busch InBev, the largest beer producer in the world. At the end of the day, I think it's impossible to differentiate between these two. It's a draw. Winner: Tie. Financial fortitude Clearly, shareholders would love to see the majority of their cash being returned to them. But cash has more value than just being paid out in dividends. Every company needs to keep a healthy cash stash on hand. That's because every company, at one point or another, will encounter difficult economic times. Companies that enter such times with cash have options: They can outspend rivals to gain market share, buy back their own shares on the cheap, or even make acquisitions. Debt-heavy companies are in the opposite boat -- forced to cut back on operations, cede market share, or even sell shares in secondary offerings just to help make ends meet. Here's how these two stack up in terms of financial fortitude, keeping in mind that P&G is valued at over 50% higher than Altria. Company Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Procter & Gamble $13.5 billion $16.5 billion $15.3 billion $9.9 billion Altria $23.5 billion $13.9 billion $14.2 billion $3.6 billion Data source: Yahoo! Finance. While Altria's free cash flow (FCF) isn't as impressive as P&G's, it's worth noting that the company's FCF from its stake in Anheuser-Busch has yet to be included in company results. At the end of the day, both companies have healthy net income and FCF. The balance sheet represents the differentiator. Altria has much more cash on hand than debt. P&G doesn't. For that reason, Altria gets the nod here. Winner: Altria. Valuation Finally, we have valuation. While this isn't an exact science, there are some straightforward metrics we can consult to give us an idea of how expensive each stock is. Company P/E P/FCF PEG Ratio Dividend FCF Payout Procter & Gamble 24 23 3.2 3% 74% Altria 25 41 2.9 3.2% 125% Data source: Yahoo! Finance, E*Trade. P/E represents figures from non-GAAP earnings. Here we have a very tight race. On an earnings (P/E) basis, and a growth (PEG) basis, these two are virtually identical. While we don't know exactly what Altria's FCF is right now, I'm comforted by the fact that P&G's dividend has only eaten up 74% of FCF over the past year. While it may end up that Altria falls in the same boat, I'm giving P&G the nod for now. Winner: P&G. The winner is... So there you have it -- it's a tie. With P&G, you've got a company providing very basic products that are highly recession-proof. With Altria, you have a company selling some of the most addictive legal goods known to man. When we get a clearer view into Altria's FCF next quarter, then we may have an easier time differentiating which is the better stock. For the time being, however, I don't think you can go wrong either way. Brian Stoffel has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Anheuser-Busch InBev NV. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Brian Stoffel has been a Fool since 2008, and a financial journalist for the Motley Fool since 2010. He tends to follow the investment strategies of Fool-founder David Gardner, looking for the most innovative companies driving positive change for the future. Follow @TMFStoffel Article Info Mar 16, 2017 at 1:24PM Consumer Goods Stocks Altria Group NYSE:MO $75.16 down $0.14 (-0.19%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $91.00 down $0.44 (-0.48%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Why Procter & Gamble Co. Gained Only 6% in 2016 What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Procter & Gamble Co. Earnings Give Investors Something to Celebrate Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc @themotleyfool #stocks $MO, $PG
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden Mobil finanzen.ch SMI 8'699 0.4%  Dow 20'915 -0.1%  Nikkei 19'522 -0.4%  Euro 1.0748 0.0%  SPI 9'638 0.3%  EStoxx50 3'448 0.3%  Gold 1'229 0.2%  Dollar 0.9982 0.0%  DAX 12'095 0.1%  FTSE100 7'425 0.1%  Öl 51.7 -0.1%  Pfund 1.2371 0.0%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen Finanzplanung Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen Rubriken Ad-hoc Meldungen Börsenberichte Chartanalysen Emittentennews Fondsgesellschaft News Heute im Fokus Immobilien Interviews Konjunktur Steuern Versicherungen Vorsorge Zinsen BrandReport Quellen awp Aktiencheck Bilanz Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires fondstrends.ch Handelszeitung Hugin newsbox.ch Redaktion finanzen.ch Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Videoportal 16.03.2017 19:48:00 A A Teilen Drucken Bentley Graduates: 99 Percent are Employed or in Grad School within Six Months Tweet WALTHAM, Mass., March 16, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Bentley University's most recent graduates are off to a fast start in their careers. Six months after graduation, 99 percent of the Class of 2016 is employed, attending or planning to attend graduate school. Nearly 60 percent of the graduates credited their success to Bentley's nationally recognized Career Services Department, named #1 in the U.S. by the Princeton Review. Eighty five percent of U.S. college freshmen say they go to college to get a better job, according to the Higher Education Research Institute at UCLA. Graduates today expect that after four years of classes, internships and tuition payments, they will have the skills and experiences that employers want. Members of the Bentley University Class of 2016 were hired by top companies and organizations including General Electric, PepsiCo, AmeriCorps, Goldman Sachs, the Pittsburgh Penguins, Bose, Conde Nast, Hill Holiday, Nestle, Liberty Mutual and Procter & Gamble. The students' median salary after graduation was $55,000, up two percent from the year before.  Other data from Bentley's Class of 2016 include: 58 percent of students said they obtained jobs through Bentley career services including campus recruiting, career fairs, faculty/staff referrals and internship conversions 30 percent obtained jobs as a result of networking efforts 320 different employers hired Bentley graduates in 2016 88 percent of students were employed within 6 months of graduation and 11 percent were attending or planning to attend graduate school Bentley's placement rate is based on a 92 percent "knowledge rate," which refers to the percentage of graduates for which Bentley has verifiable information about their post-graduation careers. The statistics are compiled through a survey of graduates and research by Bentley Career Services staff. Students benefit from Bentley's HIRE education program, a customized four-year approach to developing job search skills that lays the foundation for a lifetime of career management.  At Bentley, career exploration begins freshman year with a Career Development Seminar in which students begin to discover their professional path. They create the career tools they will need including resume, cover letter, LinkedIn profile and elevator pitch. Learn more about Bentley's career education program. BENTLEY UNIVERSITY is one of the nation's leading business schools, dedicated to preparing a new kind of business leader – one with the deep technical skills, broad global perspective, and high ethical standards required to make a difference in an ever-changing world. Our rich, diverse arts and sciences program, combined with an advanced business curriculum, prepares informed professionals who make an impact in their chosen fields. Located on a classic New England campus minutes from Boston, Bentley is a dynamic community of leaders, scholars and creative thinkers. The Graduate School emphasizes the impact of technology on business practice, in offerings that include MBA and Master of Science programs, PhD programs in accountancy and in business, and customized executive education programs. The university enrolls approximately 4,200 full-time undergraduate, 82 part-time undergraduate, 1,000 graduate and 24 doctoral students. Bloomberg BusinessWeek ranks Bentley among the top 10 undergraduate business programs in the country. The Princeton Review's Annual Best Colleges Guide names Bentley number one in the nation for career services and internship opportunities. Bentley is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges; AACSB International – The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business; and the European Quality Improvement System, which benchmarks quality in management and business education. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bentley-graduates-99-percent-are-employed-or-in-grad-school-within-six-months-300425047.html SOURCE Bentley University Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: Valor / ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: CHF   Hinzufügen Speichern   Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript für Kommentare powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Newssuche   GO   Inside (Anzeige) 17.03.17 Julius Bär Warrants - Neuemissionen 17.03.17 Vontobel: Internationale Versicherer 50% Sicherheitspuffer und 8% p.a. Coupon in CHF 17.03.17 SMI auf Richtungssuche 14.03.17 Produkte in Zeichnung: Worst-Of BRC auf Deutsche Autohersteller, Französische Banken und Schweizer Blue Chips. 16.01.17 ideas Magazin - Januar/Februar 2017 mehr Inside Fonds (Anzeige) 16.03.17 J.P. Morgan AM: Indien auf der Überholspur 07.02.17 Schroders: Schroders kauft für die Anlagegruppe Immobilien Europa Direkt (IED) ein grosses Einkaufszentrum ausserhalb Stockholm mehr Meistgelesene Nachrichten Diese Aktien empfehlen die Experten zum Kauf In Bitcoin investieren - So geht's Diese Aktien empfehlen Experten zu verkaufen Diese Aktien empfehlen Experten zu verkaufen Diese Aktien empfehlen die Experten zum Kauf Euro steigt zum Dollar auf 5-Wochen-Hoch Finanzprofis: So steht der SMI zum Jahresende SNB bleibt unverändert expansiv - Franken weiter "deutlich überbewertet" iPad-Magier Simon Pierro: "Diese 20 Dollar waren eine clevere Investition mit guter Rendite" Xarelto auch in niedrigerer Dosierung wirksam Börse aktuell - Live Ticker SMI schliesst im Plus -- DAX beendet Handel mit kleinem Zugewinn -- Dow Jones schliesst leicht im Minus TecDAX schliesst mit Zugewinn. Asiens Börsen schliessen uneinheitlich. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien SMI SPI SLI SMIM DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones Nasdaq 100 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung Schweizer Börse: 20 Min., Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH SMI SMI Realtime Goldpreis Aktien Kursliste SMI Devisen Dollarkurs Eurokurs Silberpreis Fonds Strukturierte Produkte Warrants Rohstoffe Portfolio Währungsrechner Aktienkurse Ölpreis Leitzins Börsenkurse Weitere Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG Online-Angebote: Beobachter | Bilanz | Bolero | Bolero (fr) | Glückspost | Handelszeitung | L'Hebdo | Le Temps | Partyguide.ch | PME Magazine | Schweizer Bank | Schweizer Illustrierte | Schweizer Landliebe | Schweizer Versicherung | Style | Students.ch | TV Star | TV 2 | TVvier | TV 8 | Usgang.ch
Politics How do you think Trump did this week? Let us know Michael Hiltzik Columnist BUSINESS Michael Hiltzik Column Farewell to drug regulation? Trump nominates a 'bona-fide pharma shill' to head the FDA gottlieb Harry Hamburg / Associated Press President Trump's nominee to head the Food and Drug Administration, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, left, has major ties to the drug industry. President Trump's nominee to head the Food and Drug Administration, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, left, has major ties to the drug industry. (Harry Hamburg / Associated Press) Michael HiltzikContact Reporter Lots of people in the healthcare field heaved a sigh of relief last week when President Trump nominated Scott Gottlieb, a physician, venture investor and former official of the Food and Drug Administration, to be the FDA’s next commissioner. Some healthcare experts were relieved that, whatever Gottlieb’s particular qualities, at least he wasn’t someone from the camp of “we-have-to-destroy-the-agency-to-save-it” species of Trump appointee like, say, Environmental Protection Agency boss Scott Pruitt. Other expressions of relief came from investors and executives in the pharmaceutical industry. They see Gottlieb as one of their own, with good reason. He has served on advisory boards or held directorships at six drug manufacturing companies at least, and received substantial stipends from many more. From 2013 through 2015 — the extent of a database maintained by the Department of Health and Human Services — Gottlieb received some $413,700 received from drug companies for consulting, speaking or other services. In 2015 alone, he collected $199,951 from eight drug companies, including GlaxoSmithKline, Squibb, Pfizer and Valeant. All are likely to have regulatory business with the FDA in coming years. The FDA's cumbersome approval process has been a long time in the making, but its effects are by now clear to patients, physicians, and drug makers. — Scott Gottlieb, commissioner-designate of the FDA Gottlieb also is a venture partner at the investment firm New Enterprise Associates, which claims current investments in 50 biopharma firms, 29 medical device firms and 21 healthcare services firms. So it shouldn’t come as a surprise that Big Pharma will be happy to have Gottlieb on board. “Thank God it's Gottlieb," investment analyst Brian Skorney of Robert W. Baird & Co. told clients in a research note quoted by Reuters. "We view this as a favorable development for the sector." Industry benefactors of Scott Gottlieb in 2015, when he received $199,951 in consulting fees from drugmakers, included Vertex, Glaxo, Daiichi Sankyo, Squibb and Valeant. CMS.gov Industry benefactors of Scott Gottlieb in 2015, when he received $199,951 in consulting fees from drugmakers, included Vertex, Glaxo, Daiichi Sankyo, Squibb and Valeant. Industry benefactors of Scott Gottlieb in 2015, when he received $199,951 in consulting fees from drugmakers, included Vertex, Glaxo, Daiichi Sankyo, Squibb and Valeant. (CMS.gov) Nor should it be a surprise that critics of the pharmaceutical industry are less sanguine. Surgical oncologist David Gorski, who bird-dogs pseudoscience under the nom de plume Orac, calls Gottlieb “a bona fide, honest-to-goodness pharma shill,” citing his revolving-door journeys from the drug industry to the FDA (where he served as deputy commissioner from 2005 to 2007) and back again. Gottlieb is “entangled in an unprecedented web of Big Pharma ties,” Michael Carome, director of the Health Research Group at the advocacy organization Public Citizen, told me. This wouldn’t be the first time that Gottlieb’s conflicts of interest raised eyebrows. Upon taking up his FDA post in 2005, he had to recuse himself for up to a year from participating in matters involving nine drug companies, including Eli Lilly, Roche, Procter & Gamble and Sanofi-Aventis. The 21st Century Cures Act: A huge handout to the drug industry disguised as a pro-research bounty Michael Hiltzik The problem with bills in Congress that roar toward passage like juggernauts is that they’re especially worthy of close examination, and especially unlikely to get it. That’s the story with the 21st Century Cures Act, which reaches the Senate this week after achieving overwhelming bipartisan support... The problem with bills in Congress that roar toward passage like juggernauts is that they’re especially worthy of close examination, and especially unlikely to get it. That’s the story with the 21st Century Cures Act, which reaches the Senate this week after achieving overwhelming bipartisan support... (Michael Hiltzik) As FDA commissioner, however, “we don’t think he can disentangle himself from these conflicts of interest even with recusal,” Carome says. That’s because as the agency’s top dog, Gottlieb will be weighing in on more than “particular matters” involving specific companies, the standard for recusal, but on policies that will have broad effects on entire industries with which he’s been financially linked. In professional terms Gottlieb, 44, certainly has the requisite qualifications to head a major federal health agency in a conservative Republican administration. Formerly a practicing physician, he’s a clinical assistant professor of medicine at New York University and a resident fellow at the pro-business American Enterprise Institute. The important question, of course, is how Gottlieb’s ties to the drug industry might affect his policy preferences. The answer can be found in his voluminous writings, including newspaper op-eds and papers in policy journals, where he has advocated faster drug approvals and more tolerant oversight on manufacturers’ marketing. To appease a patient lobby, did the FDA approve a $300,000 drug that doesn't work? Michael Hiltzik A couple of weeks ago, the big insurance company Anthem decided that it wouldn’t pay for Exondys 51, a drug that already had been approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat Duchenne muscular dystrophy.  Anthem’s decision was controversial, because two other insurers had said they’d cover... A couple of weeks ago, the big insurance company Anthem decided that it wouldn’t pay for Exondys 51, a drug that already had been approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat Duchenne muscular dystrophy.  Anthem’s decision was controversial, because two other insurers had said they’d cover... (Michael Hiltzik) The most undistilled expression of Gottlieb’s philosophy can be found in a 2012 article he wrote for the conservative journal National Affairs. There he took aim at what he described as the FDA’s flawed culture in which the safety of a drug has become its prime concern. “In so heavily prioritizing one of its obligations — the protection of consumers — the FDA has sometimes… neglected its other key obligation, which is to guide new medical innovations to market,” he wrote. “On the whole, the agency’s reviewers believe it is appropriate to prioritize safety over speed.” Gottlieb traced this mindset to the agency’s most legendary success — the blocking of the morning sickness drug thalidomide from U.S. shelves in 1960 by Frances Kelsey, an FDA reviewer. Kelsey’s action, which saved American families from the tide of birth defects caused by the drug in Europe and Japan, “fostered an idealization of the lone reviewer championing an issue of safety against the prevailing orthodoxies, especially when it meant taking on corporate interests,” Gottlieb wrote. Is there a problem? FDA has been approving an increasing percentage of new drug applications... FDA Is there a problem? FDA has been approving an increasing percentage of new drug applications... Is there a problem? FDA has been approving an increasing percentage of new drug applications... (FDA) He argued that the pendulum had swung too far in the other direction, turning the FDA’s demands for thorough safety and efficacy studies into a roadblock against prompt approval of life-saving treatments. “The FDA's cumbersome approval process has been a long time in the making,” he wrote, “but its effects are by now clear to patients, physicians, and drug makers.” Gottlieb waved away concerns that drug makers ply doctors with incentives to overprescribe their products, including for conditions for which they haven’t been FDA-approved—so-called “off-label” uses. “There is, of course, no shortage of anecdotes regarding bad doctors and unscrupulous drug-marketing practices,” he acknowledged. “There is a powerful sense inside the FDA today that, once a new drug is approved for one narrow purpose, poorly informed doctors manipulated by drug marketing will prescribe it for all manner of ailments.” Gottlieb implied that the FDA’s suspicion of doctors and drug marketers was excessive and unwarranted. But the truth is that the evidence of unscrupulous marketing is more than anecdotal. Dozens of major drug companies have settled accusations of improper marketing for billions of dollars. ...while cutting the time for review roughly in half, to an average of about 12 months. FDA ...while cutting the time for review roughly in half, to an average of about 12 months. ...while cutting the time for review roughly in half, to an average of about 12 months. (FDA) They include several companies on whose payrolls Gottlieb has appeared: GlaxoSmithKline, which paid $3 billion in 2012 to settle charges of improper marketing and other practices; Eli Lilly, which paid $1.4 billion to settle similar federal charges in 2009; Squibb, which paid a penalty of $515 million in 2007; and Pfizer, whose $2.3-billion payment in 2009 was described by the Department of Justice as “the largest health care fraud settlement” in the agency’s history. Gottlieb wasn’t associated with any of these cases, but they demonstrate that the FDA’s concerns were hardly misplaced. Gottlieb’s argument that the FDA’s demands for rigorous safety and efficacy trials are excessive and burdensome also is questionable, though it dovetails nicely with the industry’s viewpoint. FDA statistics and a study by outside experts suggest that the agency has become more efficient in recent years at clearing the path for new drugs. The average time span for FDA review of conventional new drugs has fallen from an average of about 18 months a decade or two ago to about 12 months more recently, while the percentage of approvals of drug applications also has risen, exceeding 90% in 2015. Yet Big Pharma wants more — and tends to get it. In December, the industry scored a major triumph with the passage of the 21st Century Cures Act. The measure’s backers hailed it as a source of new funding for research agencies such as the National Institutes of Health, but it was in fact a huge deregulatory handout to the pharmaceutical and medical device industries. The act authorized the FDA to loosen clinical standards for judging many new drugs and took the leash off drug companies marketing their products for off-label uses. The FDA will have to promulgate rules and implement policies under the act — but that process would unfold under the industry-friendly Scott Gottlieb if he’s confirmed. Big Pharma has been trying to get its wish list of deregulatory initiatives through Congress and the White House for years. With Gottlieb’s nomination, it may have landed in deregulation heaven. As for that troublesome consumer-protection culture at the FDA inspired by the lesson of thalidomide, it may be on its way out. What might the consequences be for your health and safety? Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss Latinos are the fastest growing population of Muslims in the U.S. A wildflower 'super bloom' is attracting thousands. The numbers are in on the Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. The L.A. Pride Parade will be replaced with a protest march this year. ‘Right to Try’ laws have been adopted in 33 states. Trump has proposed dramatic cuts in his budget blueprint. Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca was found guilty of obstructing justice. Latinos are the fastest growing population of Muslims in the U.S. A wildflower 'super bloom' is attracting thousands. The numbers are in on the Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. The L.A. Pride Parade will be replaced with a protest march this year. ‘Right to Try’ laws have been adopted in 33 states. Trump has proposed dramatic cuts in his budget blueprint. Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca was found guilty of obstructing justice. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss Latinos are the fastest growing population of Muslims in the U.S. A wildflower 'super bloom' is attracting thousands. The numbers are in on the Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. The L.A. Pride Parade will be replaced with a protest march this year. ‘Right to Try’ laws have been adopted in 33 states. Trump has proposed dramatic cuts in his budget blueprint. Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca was found guilty of obstructing justice. Latinos are the fastest growing population of Muslims in the U.S. A wildflower 'super bloom' is attracting thousands. The numbers are in on the Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. The L.A. Pride Parade will be replaced with a protest march this year. ‘Right to Try’ laws have been adopted in 33 states. Trump has proposed dramatic cuts in his budget blueprint. Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca was found guilty of obstructing justice. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss President Trump’s budget blueprint would eliminate support for PBS and NPR. How many times has this battle been fought? The Times' art critic asks. President Trump's proposed budget takes aim at "sanctuary cities." Delivery hasn’t been a big part of L.A. restaurant culture, but food delivery apps have changed that. President Trump’s budget blueprint would eliminate support for PBS and NPR. How many times has this battle been fought? The Times' art critic asks. President Trump's proposed budget takes aim at "sanctuary cities." Delivery hasn’t been a big part of L.A. restaurant culture, but food delivery apps have changed that. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Trump has proposed dramatic cuts in his budget blueprint. Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca was found guilty of obstructing justice. A federal judge in Hawaii has blocked Trump's revised travel ban. Rex Tillerson is on his first trip to Asia as secretary of State. Trump has proposed dramatic cuts in his budget blueprint. Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca was found guilty of obstructing justice. A federal judge in Hawaii has blocked Trump's revised travel ban. Rex Tillerson is on his first trip to Asia as secretary of State. Caption Family members wait for release of Andrew Leander Wilson after 32 years of incarceration Andrew Leander Wilson's daughter and granddaughter wait for his release after a judge throws out his decades-old murder conviction. Andrew Leander Wilson's daughter and granddaughter wait for his release after a judge throws out his decades-old murder conviction. Caption Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca found guilty of obstruction of justice Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca speaks with reporters after he was found guilty of obstructing a federal investigation into abuses in county jails and lying to cover up the interference. (Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times) Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca speaks with reporters after he was found guilty of obstructing a federal investigation into abuses in county jails and lying to cover up the interference. (Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times) Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Pharmaceutical Industry Drugs and Medicines Food and Drug Administration Donald Trump U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Attacker killed at Paris airport told soldiers, 'I am here to die for Allah' Chuck Berry dies at 90, a founding father of rock 'n' roll The L.A. Marathon is Sunday. Here's what you need to know Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 57°
null
ABOUT / TODAY IN HISTORY / DAYTIME / CASTING NEWS / SPOILERS / PRIMETIME / WEB SERIES / NOVELAS / POLL / RATINGS / FLASHBACK The Bold and the Beautiful / Days of our Lives / General Hospital / The Young and the Restless Today in Soap Opera History (March 16) Posted by Roger Newcomb 1971: DS' Bramwell was distraught over the prospect of losing Daphne. 1984: RH's Maeve and Johnny received a donation from the community.  1990: GH's Jerry and "Duke" shot each other. 2001: OLTL's Blair slipped off the Palace Hotel roof. "All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity that the dry, shrivelled kernel scarcely compensates for the trouble of cracking the nut." ― Anne Brontë in "Agnes Grey" "Today in Soap Opera History" is a collection of the most memorable, interesting and influential events in the history of scripted, serialized programs. From birthdays and anniversaries to scandals and controversies, every day this column celebrates the soap opera in American culture. On this date in... 1942: Irna Phillips' radio soap opera The Guiding Light returned to NBC Radio. After GL was canceled by sponsor Procter & Gamble (last airing on December 26, 1941), listeners sent over 75,000 letters in protest, leading General Mills to pick up the show 11 weeks later.  GL was canceled again on November 29, 1946, but returned again on June 2, 1947, this time on CBS Radio and once again sponsored by P&G. 1970: On Another World, Steve Frame (George Reinholt) flirted with Bernice Robinson (Janis Young) but she wanted to keep things strictly business between the two of them. Meanwhile, Rafe Carter (Phil Sterling) offered Sam Lucas (Jordan Charney) a junior partnership and offered to show him around Somerset. 1971: Joanne Dorian aired for the final time as Victoria Lord on One Life to Live. Dorian had replaced Gillian Spencer, the original Viki, in October 1970. Erika Slezak assumed the role on March 17, 1971 and played Viki (and her alters) for the next 42 years. 1971: On Dark Shadows, Morgan Collins (Keith Prentice) returned to normal after James Forsythe's spirit left his body. Meanwhile, Josette (Mary Cooper) told Bramwell (Jonathan Frid) that Daphne (Kate Jackson) was dying. 1984: On Ryan's Hope, Johnny (Bernard Barrow) and Maeve Ryan (Helen Gallagher) accepted a check for $40,000 to help rebuild Ryan's Bar. Maeve sang "Danny Boy" in celebration. 1987: On Days of our Lives, Chris Kositchek (Josh Taylor) questioned Adrienne Johnson's (Judi Evans) story about her father, Duke. 1987: On Another World, the serial killer murdered belly dancer named Josie and stashed her body in a car trunk 1990: On General Hospital, Julian Jerome (Jason Culp) and Jonathan Paget/Duke Lavery (Greg Beecroft) shot each other during a struggle for a gun. 1992: On Guiding Light, Alexandra (Beverlee McKinsey) pressured Roger (Michael Zaslow) to find a way to split up Nick and Mindy. "Just remember, I can hurt you and I will," Alex told him. 2001: On One Life to Live, Todd Manning (Roger Howarth) reached for Blair (Kassie DePaiva) to try to catch her when she feel off the Palace Hotel roof. At the end of the closing credits, ABC congratulated Erika Slezak on her 30th anniversary with the show. 2004: On All My Children, Bianca Montgomery (Eden Riegel) took off with Babe Carey after Erica Kane's (Susan Lucci) press conference. Meanwhile, Kendall (Alicia Minshew) confronted her mother over her harsh words, and learned that Erica blamed her for Bianca's decision to keep Miranda. Thanks to Enrique for sending in the item above. 2005: Actor Anthony George died at age 84. His soap career included roles in Dark Shadows (Burke Devlin, Jeremiah Collins), Search for Tomorrow (Tony Vincente) and One Life to Live (Will Vernon). 2005: On The Young and the Restless, Victor Newman (Eric Braeden) surprised his wife, Nikki (Melody Thomas Scott), with a trip to Italy. 2010: On As the World Turns, Katie Snyder (Terri Conn) gave Dr. Bob Hughes (Don Hastings) a huge check from Henry Coleman to finance a new neurosurgery wing at Oakdale Memorial. Celebrating a birthday today are: Harding Lemay Harding Lemay (Former Writer, Another World; Guiding Light; Strange Paradise; Search for Tomorrow; The Doctors; One Life to Live; Lovers and Friends) - 95 Granville Van Dusen (ex-D.V., Port Charles; ex-Keith, The Young and the Restless) - 73 Victor Garber (ex-Frank, Guiding Light) - 68 Erik Estrada (ex-Eduardo, The Bold and the Beautiful) - 68 Lauren Graham (ex-Sarah, Parenthood; ex-Lorelai, Gilmore Girls) - 50 Brooke Burns (ex-Vanessa, Melrose Place) - 39 Lindie Van Eeden (ex-Karen, Egoli: Place of Gold) - 39 Felisha Terrell (Kali, Teen Wolf; ex-Arianna, Days of our Lives) - 38 Stephanie Gatschet (ex-Madison, All My Children; ex-Tammy, Guiding Light) - 34 Alexandra Daddario (ex-Rachel, Parenthood; ex-Laurie, All My Children) - 31 Kristopher Higgins (ex-Peter, The Secret Life of the American Teenager) - 30 EDITOR'S NOTE: If you would like to submit a soap history entry for this date or a future date, email editor@welovesoaps.com.Today in Soap Opera History (February 2)Today in Soap Opera History (March 7) Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Categories: All My Children, Another World, Birthdays, Dark Shadows, Days of our Lives, General Hospital, Harding Lemay, History, One Life to Live, Ryan's Hope No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) CONTACT WE LOVE SOAPS: Roger Newcomb - roger@welovesoaps.com Kevin Mulcahy Jr. - kevin@welovesoaps.com           Search We Love Soaps Featured Post Kirsten Storms Leaving 'General Hospital' Again, Expected to Be Back at Some Point After not looking well on GH in recent months, Kirsten Storms has taken another leave from the soap. Kirsten Storms joined the cast of ... Popular Posts NEWS: Billy Miller, Grant Show, Ingo Rademacher, Erika Girard, Amelia Heinle, Thad Luckinbill, Anna Maria Horsford, Obba Babatunde, Kimberly McCullough, Arianne Zucker, Darnell Kirkwood, Alison Sweeney Billy Miller General Hospital star Billy Miller books multi-episode arc on Ray Donovan Miller (Jason on GH ) will appear in at least f... FLASHBACK: Joan Crawford Takes Daughter's Soap Opera Role 1968 (Updated With Audio!) Joan Crawford Takes Daughter's Soap Opera Role by Robert Windeler New York Times October 23, 1968 Joan Crawford, the 60-year-old ... Today in Soap Opera History (March 17) 1971: Erika Slezak debuted as Victoria Lord on One Life to Live . "All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the tre... Today in Soap Opera History (March 14) 1968: Angelique's portrait first appeared on Dark Shadows . 1980: The Edge of Night's Nola confessed her crimes. 1989: Another ... Soap of the Week Poll (March 6-10, 2017) It is time to vote in our new Soap of the Week reader poll! Vote for the daytime drama, actor, actress and couple that were your favorite... Today in Soap Opera History (March 12) 1976: Faith was going blind on Ryan's Hope . 1981: Another World's Ada gave Rachel a lecture. 1986: Guiding Light's Claire... Kirsten Storms Leaving 'General Hospital' Again, Expected to Be Back at Some Point After not looking well on GH in recent months, Kirsten Storms has taken another leave from the soap. Kirsten Storms joined the cast of ... Soap Opera Spoilers - Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers - Days of our Lives Spoilers - General Hospital Spoilers - Young and the Restless Spoilers Translate Powered by Blogger.
ADDING MULTIMEDIA Swiffer Celebrates 18 Years as Cleaning Solution for Time-Starved Families Iconic Brand Launches “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer” Creative Campaign "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy partners with Swiffer to celebrate the iconic brand's 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy partners with Swiffer to celebrate the iconic brand's 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "New Girl" actress Hannah Simone helps celebrate Swiffer's 18th birthday and learns that #adulting is easy with Swiffer, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy takes to the dance floor to celebrate Swiffer's 18th birthday, demonstrating how #adulting and cleaning is easy with Swiffer, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy teaches dance moves to guests to celebrate Swiffer's 18th birthday, demonstrating how #adulting and cleaning is easy with Swiffer, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy and "Adulting" author Kelly Williams Brown celebrate Swiffer's 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. Swiffer has been America's original cleaning hack since 1999. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "New Girl" actress Hannah Simone helps Swiffer celebrate its 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy helps Swiffer celebrate its 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy and "New Girl" actress Hannah Simone partner with Swiffer to celebrate the iconic brand's 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 17, 2017 07:22 AM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--In 1999 Swiffer swept the nation by storm, reinventing the way Americans clean. This innovative brand from Procter & Gamble changed the practices and expectations in surface cleaning. The very name ‘Swiffer” sparked a revolution, quickly evolving to iconic ‘verb” status – marking its legendary and pioneering status. Now celebrating its 18th birthday and the launch of a new campaign, “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer!” – the brand is teaming up with “Dancing with the Stars” favorite, Maksim Chmerkovskiy, and “Adulting: How to Become a Grown-up in 468 Easy(ish) Steps” author Kelly Williams Brown, to show consumers that while ‘adulting’ is hard, Swiffer makes it easy! “Swiffer and I want to show you that cleaning can be fun by adding a little shimmy to your cleaning,” said Maksim Chmerkovskiy. “Between ‘Dancing with the Stars’ and being a new dad, I don’t always have a ton of time to dedicate to cleaning, but Swiffer helps me quickly dance my way to a clean house!” To kick start a year-long celebration of Swiffer turning 18 and becoming an adult, the brand is hosting a birthday celebration. Maksim Chmerkovskiy will give a whole new meaning to clean when he unveils an exclusive dance to samba your way to a clean home. Kelly Williams Brown will demonstrate how to quickly clean and prepare any home before a dinner party, regardless of how much time there is to clean. “One of the more difficult things to accept about adulthood is that the house will never magically clean itself -- at least mine hasn't. Also, walking around barefoot on a gross floor is one of those very-preventable things that can make you feel like a total failure," Brown said. "But Swiffer makes it so easy to have beautiful, clean floors in exchange for just a few minutes." The new creative campaign builds upon this and resonates with families because it highlights Swiffer as the perfect solution for maintenance cleaning. “Modern life is busy. Having a full life is awesome. But also a little messy. But the solution isn’t to live less - it’s to clean smarter,” said Jane Pejkovska, Creative Director for Publicis, the agency that created the ad campaign. “Swiffer makes it really easy to stay on top of the mess that our favorite people (and, yes pets) can leave behind. The spots are based on simple, human and insightful little stories from everyday life that demonstrate how Swiffer can fit into a variety of lifestyles.” Check out the two new creative pieces, “The Princess and the Dirty Hardwood Floor” and “Haircuts on Hardwood Floors,” by visiting the Swiffer YouTube channel. Swiffer offers a variety of products that help busy, time-starved families clean quickly and effectively so they can spend more time on things that really matter regardless of how overscheduled their life may be. No matter how much time you have to clean, Swiffer’s WetJet, Sweeper and Dusters help tidy up life’s dirtiest moments fast. For more information on the Swiffer family of products, please visit swiffer.com, facebook.com/swiffer or youtube.com/swifferusa. About Swiffer® In 1999, Swiffer made its debut and soon established itself as both a pioneer in the cleaning systems category and a pop culture icon. Swiffer products have starred on “Saturday Night Live,” have been featured in Hollywood blockbusters and have graced the cover of Rolling Stone. With the support of Swiffer fans around the world, Swiffer has built a family of distinctive products built smarter than traditional cleaning tools. Today, Swiffer® Sweeper, Swiffer® Sweeper Heavy Duty, Swiffer® SweeperVac®, Swiffer® WetJet®, Swiffer® Dusters®, Swiffer® 360° Dusters, Swiffer®Dusters Extender, Swiffer® Dust and Shine and Swiffer® Steamboost® are used in more than 50 million households worldwide and continue to revolutionize the way people clean. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Citizen Relations Alyssa Bermudes (US), 213-996-3806 alyssa.bermudes@citizenrelations.com Contacts Citizen Relations Alyssa Bermudes (US), 213-996-3806 alyssa.bermudes@citizenrelations.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 March 2017 by Military News Swiffer Celebrates 18 Years as Cleaning Solution for Time-Starved Families CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–In 1999 Swiffer swept the nation by storm, reinventing the way Americans clean. This innovative brand from Procter & Gamble changed the practices and expectations in surface cleaning. The very name ‘Swiffer” sparked a revolution, quickly evolving to iconic ‘verb” status – marking its legendary and pioneering status. Now celebrating its 18th birthday and the launch of a new campaign, “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer!” – the brand is teaming up with “Dancing with the Stars” favorite, Maksim Chmerkovskiy, and “Adulting: How to Become a Grown-up in 468 Easy(ish) Steps” author Kelly Williams Brown, to show consumers that while ‘adulting’ is hard, Swiffer makes it easy! “Swiffer and I want to show you that cleaning can be fun by adding a little shimmy to your cleaning,” said Maksim Chmerkovskiy. “Between ‘Dancing with the Stars’ and being a new dad, I don’t always have a ton of time to dedicate to cleaning, but Swiffer helps me quickly dance my way to a clean house!” To kick start a year-long celebration of Swiffer turning 18 and becoming an adult, the brand is hosting a birthday celebration. Maksim Chmerkovskiy will give a whole new meaning to clean when he unveils an exclusive dance to samba your way to a clean home. Kelly Williams Brown will demonstrate how to quickly clean and prepare any home before a dinner party, regardless of how much time there is to clean. “One of the more difficult things to accept about adulthood is that the house will never magically clean itself — at least mine hasn’t. Also, walking around barefoot on a gross floor is one of those very-preventable things that can make you feel like a total failure,” Brown said. „But Swiffer makes it so easy to have beautiful, clean floors in exchange for just a few minutes.” The new creative campaign builds upon this and resonates with families because it highlights Swiffer as the perfect solution for maintenance cleaning. “Modern life is busy. Having a full life is awesome. But also a little messy. But the solution isn’t to live less – it’s to clean smarter,” said Jane Pejkovska, Creative Director for Publicis, the agency that created the ad campaign. “Swiffer makes it really easy to stay on top of the mess that our favorite people (and, yes pets) can leave behind. The spots are based on simple, human and insightful little stories from everyday life that demonstrate how Swiffer can fit into a variety of lifestyles.” Check out the two new creative pieces, “The Princess and the Dirty Hardwood Floor” and “Haircuts on Hardwood Floors,” by visiting the Swiffer YouTube channel. Swiffer offers a variety of products that help busy, time-starved families clean quickly and effectively so they can spend more time on things that really matter regardless of how overscheduled their life may be. No matter how much time you have to clean, Swiffer’s WetJet, Sweeper and Dusters help tidy up life’s dirtiest moments fast. For more information on the Swiffer family of products, please visit swiffer.com, facebook.com/swiffer or youtube.com/swifferusa. About Swiffer® In 1999, Swiffer made its debut and soon established itself as both a pioneer in the cleaning systems category and a pop culture icon. Swiffer products have starred on “Saturday Night Live,” have been featured in Hollywood blockbusters and have graced the cover of Rolling Stone. With the support of Swiffer fans around the world, Swiffer has built a family of distinctive products built smarter than traditional cleaning tools. Today, Swiffer® Sweeper, Swiffer® Sweeper Heavy Duty, Swiffer® SweeperVac®, Swiffer® WetJet®, Swiffer® Dusters®, Swiffer® 360° Dusters, Swiffer®Dusters Extender, Swiffer® Dust and Shine and Swiffer® Steamboost® are used in more than 50 million households worldwide and continue to revolutionize the way people clean. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Culture, Home and Garden, leave, mine, Nation, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious See’s Candies First Ever New York Shop Now Open Next PostNext Scargo Hill Capital Co-Founder Helps Foster Community and Social Responsibility through Education and Mentoring Programs Search Recent Posts Ogden Laser Hair Removal Permanent Skin Care Treatment Services Launched Ogden Beauty Salon Eyelash Extension Eyebrow Wax Site Launched Minneapolis Pay-Per-Lead Generation Advertising & Marketing Services Launched Molori Energy Inc. (MOLOF: OTCQB) | Piggyback Qualified StartMonday Technology Corp. (STMDF: OTC Pink Current) | Piggyback Qualified Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets Brexit A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events DEN More Telegraph Business Unilever's M&A stance stirs Marmite-like reaction Marmite maker Unilever Lucy Burton Ben Martin 16 March 2017 • 8:02am The call by the head of Unilever, Paul Polman, for our “national champions” to be better protected from foreign takeovers has provoked a Marmite-like reaction from the business community. City executives have said that they see no reason why the UK’s current Takeover Code should be changed after Polman said there needs to be a “level playing field” for British businesses, commenting weeks after he rejected a £115bn bid for Unilever by American giant Kraft Heinz.  “The way he puts it is to protect national champions – but if the largest soap company needs protection, it’s not a good show,” said Robert Wieder, a corporate partner at law firm Bryan Cave. “If it’s a utility or there’s a real public interest – if someone wants to take over our electricity network, for example – then I understand, I can see then that there is an issue. For a soap company or an oil company, I don’t really see it,” he explained. A senior UK mergers and acquisitions (M&A) banker added that the Polman argument didn’t fly because “share-holders are the owners of the company; the board and management are not”. Paternoster Square, where the UK Takeover Panel resides in London Others said the blame had been put in front of the wrong door, saying that the UK Takeover Code – which is governed by the Takeover Panel and had already updated its rules in 2011 after Kraft acquired Birmingham-based Cadbury, and then again in 2014 after Pfizer’s failed bid for AstraZeneca, is the wrong area of focus. “It should come down to a national interest test [but] how much of Unilever’s business is overseas? I’m [also] not sure whether food production would pass a national interest test,” a London-based M&A lawyer said. But others are glad the debate has been stirred up by the Marmite maker.   Kasim Kutay, the CEO of investment fund Novo A/S and a former M&A banker, said he could understand where Polman was coming from.  “There’s nothing wrong with being taken over, it’s more what’s going to happen afterwards,” he said. “The UK happens to be a particularly open market for takeovers, which is an advantage in many ways; M&A, big and small, is a very important part of corporate strategy. But, as increasingly recognised, there are long-term socio-economic benefits to having other tests beyond the pure markets test when it comes to large and defining corporate moves.”  Unilever is an Anglo-Dutch business and in the Netherlands a company is required to consider a much wider set of company stakeholders – such as employees and creditors – while weighing the merits of a bid, not simply the shareholders’s interests. A monitor displaying Unilever's Dutch shares  Unilever has suggested that big, “national champion” companies in the UK should also have to consider those broader interests during a takeover situation, although there is nothing in the current code that prevents companies from doing so. “Shareholders are very important stakeholders, absolutely, but they’re by no means the most important stakeholder,” said Oliver Parry, head of corporate governance policy at the Institute of Directors. “All decisions, not just in M&A activity, should take into account other stakeholder interests, employees, customers, regulators, maybe politicians,” he said. Sterling’s sharp drop in the wake of last year’s Brexit vote has made British companies cheaper for overseas bidders. Japan’s Softbank swooped on FTSE 100 chip designer ARM not long after the EU referendum and other deals are expected to follow. Unilever 1-year share price Mr Parry said the likelihood of more M&A activity in the UK meant it was prudent for the code to be revisited.  “The code, we think, is broadly fit for purpose but that doesn’t mean that it shouldn’t be looked at again.” He added: “If the Government were to go down the legislation route it would potentially run out of time in this parliament. It’s probably an important matter that needs addressing sooner rather than later. The great thing about the code is that they can consult on it relatively quickly.” The issue was flagged up by Prime Minister Theresa May last July, when she cited Kraft’s takeover of Cadbury as an example of a big foreign firm swallowing up a smaller British rival to the latter’s detriment. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Retail and Consumer industry Unilever FTSE 100 Paul Polman AstraZeneca Show more Business latest 18 Mar 2017, 9:00pm Officials draw up rescue plan for Co-op Bank 18 Mar 2017, 9:00pm Comment: Our takeover rules do nothing to fend off opportunistic deal makers Lord Paul Myners Premium 18 Mar 2017, 8:30pm Philip Hammond ‘faces a £7bn hole in Budget’ 18 Mar 2017, 8:00pm Bovis investor urges bid talks with Redrow 18 Mar 2017, 7:40pm Developers draw up case to reduce stamp duty 18 Mar 2017, 7:30pm Wood Group chief hits back over Amec takeover concerns  18 Mar 2017, 7:25pm Next to post first slump in profits since crisis 18 Mar 2017, 7:20pm Standard Life chief defends £11bn merger  18 Mar 2017, 7:10pm Council leaders call for assurance on Crossrail 2 18 Mar 2017, 7:00pm Charter Court bosses due big payday in £400m float 18 Mar 2017, 7:00pm Comment: Fund managers must be held to account in the same way companies are Sacha Sadan Premium 18 Mar 2017, 6:00pm Comment: Wood Group and Amec Foster Wheeler tie-up: A deal agreed in haste may be repented at leisure Ben Marlow Premium 18 Mar 2017, 5:00pm Comment: Trading under World Trade Organisation rules after Brexit would be no hardship Liam Halligan Premium 18 Mar 2017, 3:00pm Red faces at the Bank of England over fall of star executive 18 Mar 2017, 2:59pm G20 leaders roll back commitment to free trade and climate change following US pressure 18 Mar 2017, 1:50pm New AXA head Thomas Buberl is determined to transform the insurance giant 18 Mar 2017, 1:28pm Questor: United Utilities worth holding amid flood of change Premium 18 Mar 2017, 1:06pm Why foreign investors are investing in regional property over London 18 Mar 2017, 6:00am Comment: Flexibility with protection is key to our new era of full employment Andrew Sentance Premium 17 Mar 2017, 9:04pm Comment: Housing and the decline of mobility Allister Heath Premium 17 Mar 2017, 8:04pm Panmure boss: this isn't about Bob Diamond (and stop mentioning Cameron)  If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sun, Mar 19, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Coty blow raises further doubts about Government’s Brexit strategy The bottom line is that the Nenagh workers are more expensive than their English peers Thu, Mar 16, 2017, 05:45 Coty decided to move Max Factor production from Nenagh to a newer plant in England with the loss of 200 jobs. Photograph: Brian Gavin / Press 22         As Ministers headed off for the annual diplomatic and foreign direct investment networking extravaganza that is St Patrick’s weekend, the news from home was exactly what they didn’t want to see in the headlines. More than 250 jobs disappeared in two major multinational employers – cosmetics giant Coty and drinks group Coca Cola. The Coty blow was perhaps the more significant for a Government determined to sell Ireland as the best European country in which to do business once Brexit is formally triggered later this month. Less than six months after acquiring the Nenagh factory from Procter & Gamble, Coty has decided to move Max Factor production to a newer plant it owns in England, despite the difficulties inherent in running a pan-European operation and supply chain in Britain once it leaves the European Union. Coming in a week when the Government was crying foul to the European Commission over tactics used by rival jurisdictions, especially to tempt City-based financial services firms anxious to retain access to EU markets post any Brexit, the Coty blow only serves to raise further doubts about the Government’s Brexit strategy. The bottom line, however, is that the Nenagh workers are fundamentally more expensive to employ that their peers in England. Ironically, the 200-plus staff are this week due to receive a €12,000 once-off payment agreed with the company at the Workplace Relations Commission to cover the loss of a share scheme and defined benefit pension arrangements they had enjoyed under P&G. That’s on top of another one-off “loyalty” payment of between €5,500 and €12,500 from P&G that was recommended by the Labour Court and paid ahead of the Coty handover. A generous redundancy package – also dating from the period of P&G’s ownership of the business up to last October – means workers will, on average receive payments of more than €9,500 per year of service. For some longer-term staff, the payoffs could come close to, or even above, €200,000 before tax. ADVERTISEMENT Getting out of Nenagh is going to be anything but cheap for Coty. The longer-term benefits of moving production to an English plant, which will require investment to accommodate the new lines, must be substantial.       Topics: Cantillon Coca Cola Coty Procter and Gamble Nenagh Read More Hammond’s U-turn on a bumpy road to Brexit An Post latest business in line for ‘rightsizing’ Things go from bad to worse as Aryzta fast-tracks departures Dublin is not Berlin when it comes to rental landscape Watch YouTube videos with friends via Google app Uptime BT’s gamekeeper-turned-poacher stance hard for Eir to take Federal Reserve raises interest rate by 0.25% After the shamrock, Taoiseach needs to talk turkey with Trump High Court reserves judgment in Facebook case Public-private sector pay differential narrows since crash AboutCantillon A man with a profound understanding of how money is made and lost, Kerry-born economist Richard Cantillon (1680s-1734) is a fitting namesake for this long-running column. Since 2009, Cantillon delivers succinct business comment on the stories behind the news. Read the articles Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Cantillon Our take - your business Report into Project Eagle sale a sharp reminder of price taxpayer paid Hammond’s U-turn on a bumpy road to Brexit Coty blow raises further doubts about Government’s Brexit strategy Watch YouTube videos with friends via Google app Uptime An Post latest business in line for ‘rightsizing’ ADVERTISEMENT Get an email each morning from the Irish Times business desk briefing you on significant business news. Find out what has happened and what is going to happen during the day ahead. Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up I would also like to receive occasional update emails from The Irish Times Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sun 19/3/2017 News Six Nations Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Six Nations Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 March 2017 by Military News BRICS Disposable Hygiene Products Market Global Industry Analysis, size, share and Forecast 2014-2020 The disposable hygiene products market is witnessing an annual growth of nearly 6-7% due to increased consumer spending on personal care products globally. In addition, the demand for improvised comfort, performance and efficient absorbent hygiene products is expected to drive demand for disposable hygiene products in the near future. Concerns for safety, convenience and hygiene are identified as key factors affecting growth of disposable hygiene products market. Furthermore, rising consumption of products such as sanitary pads, wipes, baby products and others across the globe is anticipated to drive demand for disposable hygiene products market in near future. Among the developing economies, increasing population and manufacture of such products in countries such as India and China and low penetration of these products is expected to open opportunities for growth of the market in BRICS. Moreover, industry-sophistication is expected to fuel the demand for disposable hygiene products in Brazil. Apart from increasing population in BRICS, economic development particularly in countries such as China and India is a key factor contributing towards substantial growth of disposable hygiene products market in the region. Furthermore, increasing disposable income, rising expenditure or consumer spending on personal hygiene and increasing hygiene concerns are expected to fuel demand for disposable hygiene products over the next five to six years. Also, increasing Internet penetration is a prime factor supporting wide distribution of these products to tech-savvy consumers in BRICS via the medium of online retailing. Internet penetration is expected to enhance distribution of these products, leading to increased consumption and brand visibility among consumers in BRICS. Request For Report Sample@   http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-br-107         Although hygiene concerns rank high among consumers in the BRICS region, low awareness among people in rural areas coupled with low adoption of products in regular operations could hamper growth of the market. However, some international companies are focused on advertising campaigns along with the government awareness campaigns regarding hygiene. Although hygiene concerns in BRICS region is high, low awareness among people in rural areas coupled with low adoption of products on a regular basis is expected to restrict market growth. Moreover, cost reduction coupled with efficient packaging of the disposable hygiene products is concern for companies operating in this market. As a result, a few international companies are focusing on advertising campaigns along with product portfolio expansion through opening of new manufacturing units. For instance, Unicharm Corporation, Procter & Gamble India and Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ.) among others, have opened new manufacturing units for hygiene products in India. For instance, Unicharm Corporation invested US $ 39.2 million to set up a manufacturing facility with the objective to develop baby care, pet care and feminine care products in India. The disposable hygiene products market is segmented on the basis of product type and material used in products. The various disposable hygiene products include nappies, diapers, toilet paper, wipes, sanitary protection, kitchen towels, paper tableware, cotton pads and buds. These products are classified according to age-group since product usage differs accordingly. On the basis of age-group, the market has been segmented into adult care, feminine care and baby care. The materials used in these products are broadly classified as woven or non-woven, which depends on the acceptability of the product as well as age-group for which they are designed. Among all the product categories, the sanitary pads and baby products are collectively expected to be a promising area in the BRICS disposable hygiene products market. Among all the BRICS countries, India and China are expected to witness an increase in demand for disposable hygiene products, followed by Brazil and Russia. Visit For TOC@  http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-br-107 Investments by local players for disposable hygiene products are increasing rapidly, which is expected to lead towards a strong competitive database. This in turn is predicted to enhance the competitiveness among local as well as international players, leading to substantial investments in this market in future. Prominent players in this market include Dispowear Sterite Company, Kimberley Clark Corporation, Disposable Hygiene Products Ltd., BOSTIK SA, BAHP, UNICHARM Corporation, Procter & Gamble Company, Unicharm Corporation, Kao Corporation and Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ). CategoriesUncategorized TagsBRICS Disposable Hygiene Products Market, Companies, company, Consumer, Google News, Industry, Internet, Machinery, Markets, rank, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AccountingX Launches Rebrand With Establishement of New Niche Focus Next PostNext Cellulosic Ethanol Market Report 2021: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Search Recent Posts Ogden Laser Hair Removal Permanent Skin Care Treatment Services Launched Ogden Beauty Salon Eyelash Extension Eyebrow Wax Site Launched Minneapolis Pay-Per-Lead Generation Advertising & Marketing Services Launched Molori Energy Inc. (MOLOF: OTCQB) | Piggyback Qualified StartMonday Technology Corp. (STMDF: OTC Pink Current) | Piggyback Qualified Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sun, Mar 19, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Coty blow raises further doubts about Government’s Brexit strategy The bottom line is that the Nenagh workers are more expensive than their English peers Thu, Mar 16, 2017, 05:45 Coty decided to move Max Factor production from Nenagh to a newer plant in England with the loss of 200 jobs. Photograph: Brian Gavin / Press 22         As Ministers headed off for the annual diplomatic and foreign direct investment networking extravaganza that is St Patrick’s weekend, the news from home was exactly what they didn’t want to see in the headlines. More than 250 jobs disappeared in two major multinational employers – cosmetics giant Coty and drinks group Coca Cola. The Coty blow was perhaps the more significant for a Government determined to sell Ireland as the best European country in which to do business once Brexit is formally triggered later this month. Less than six months after acquiring the Nenagh factory from Procter & Gamble, Coty has decided to move Max Factor production to a newer plant it owns in England, despite the difficulties inherent in running a pan-European operation and supply chain in Britain once it leaves the European Union. Coming in a week when the Government was crying foul to the European Commission over tactics used by rival jurisdictions, especially to tempt City-based financial services firms anxious to retain access to EU markets post any Brexit, the Coty blow only serves to raise further doubts about the Government’s Brexit strategy. The bottom line, however, is that the Nenagh workers are fundamentally more expensive to employ that their peers in England. Ironically, the 200-plus staff are this week due to receive a €12,000 once-off payment agreed with the company at the Workplace Relations Commission to cover the loss of a share scheme and defined benefit pension arrangements they had enjoyed under P&G. That’s on top of another one-off “loyalty” payment of between €5,500 and €12,500 from P&G that was recommended by the Labour Court and paid ahead of the Coty handover. A generous redundancy package – also dating from the period of P&G’s ownership of the business up to last October – means workers will, on average receive payments of more than €9,500 per year of service. For some longer-term staff, the payoffs could come close to, or even above, €200,000 before tax. ADVERTISEMENT Getting out of Nenagh is going to be anything but cheap for Coty. The longer-term benefits of moving production to an English plant, which will require investment to accommodate the new lines, must be substantial.       Topics: Cantillon Coca Cola Coty Procter and Gamble Nenagh Read More Hammond’s U-turn on a bumpy road to Brexit An Post latest business in line for ‘rightsizing’ Things go from bad to worse as Aryzta fast-tracks departures Dublin is not Berlin when it comes to rental landscape Watch YouTube videos with friends via Google app Uptime BT’s gamekeeper-turned-poacher stance hard for Eir to take Federal Reserve raises interest rate by 0.25% After the shamrock, Taoiseach needs to talk turkey with Trump High Court reserves judgment in Facebook case Public-private sector pay differential narrows since crash AboutCantillon A man with a profound understanding of how money is made and lost, Kerry-born economist Richard Cantillon (1680s-1734) is a fitting namesake for this long-running column. Since 2009, Cantillon delivers succinct business comment on the stories behind the news. Read the articles Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Cantillon Our take - your business Report into Project Eagle sale a sharp reminder of price taxpayer paid Hammond’s U-turn on a bumpy road to Brexit Coty blow raises further doubts about Government’s Brexit strategy Watch YouTube videos with friends via Google app Uptime An Post latest business in line for ‘rightsizing’ ADVERTISEMENT Get an email each morning from the Irish Times business desk briefing you on significant business news. Find out what has happened and what is going to happen during the day ahead. Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up I would also like to receive occasional update emails from The Irish Times Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sun 19/3/2017 News Six Nations Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Six Nations Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Home Politics Entertainment Sports News Business Health Forum Post Free Ads Exxonmobil Boosts Women Empowerment With $100m Filed in Business by Cooljoe on March 16, 2017 • 0 Comments American oil giant, ExxonMobil, has made investments worth over $100 million in initiatives and projects, aimed at empowering women, it was learnt. This emerged during an event to mark this year’s Women’s Day in Lagos titled: “Women in Nigeria (WIN) exhibition & conference.” It was rganised by WEConnect International, a non-governmental organisation focused on women economic empowerment and sponsored by ExxonMobil with other global partners of WEConnect such as Procter & Gamble, IBM, Accenture and Ernst & Young, ExxonMobil was said to have spent multi-million dollars on issues that concern women. In a presentation titled: “Nigeria – The Journey So Far – Marketplace & Opportunities,” ExxonMobil Nigeria’s Operations Procurement Manager, Judith Mbonu, said the company had invested over $100 million in support of women empowerment initiatives in over 90 countries around the world, including Nigeria. Mbonu said the investments made under the firm’s Women’s Economic Opportunity Initiative (WEOI), were aimed at helping women achieve their economic potentials towards improving the socio-economic conditions of their respective communities, adding that it had benefitted tens of thousands of women in those countries. She also said the ExxonMobil upstream companies in Nigeria transacted business with women-owned companies in 2016 to the tune of over $24 million in furtherance of this economic empowerment objective. She added that ExxonMobil’s support for women economic empowerment stemmed from the firm’s strong belief that “when women move forward, the world moves with them. “We also know that when women control their income, they usually invest in the health, education and well-being of their families and communities, thereby benefitting the entire society.” She said ExxonMobil supports WEConnect at global and local levels, adding that the firm had implemented a number of other intitiatives aimed at the sustainable economic empowerment of women in Nigeria. Mbonu, who is also the Chairperson of the WEConnect Advisory Council in Nigeria, urged women to use networking towards making their businesses more competitive and successful. “You need to network locally, regionally and internationally,” she said. She also gave some tips to women business owners on improving their success rate with multinational companies and large corporate organisations. The tips included safety, building specialised skills, good business ethics, willingness to adapt to change and disciplined execution of contractual obligations. ExxonMobil’s Global Sustainable Procurement Manager, Nancy Swartout, who was the international guest speaker at the WIN event, in her presentation titled: “Global Support for WEConnect International,” offered more insight into ExxonMobil’s global strategy for women empowerment. Swartout said ensuring diversity was a key aspect of ExxonMobil’s operations, adding that the corporation spent $33 million on its Global Supplier Diversity Programme outside the United States (U.S.) in 2016, exceeding its target of $25 million. According to her, the $24 million business volume achieved with women-owned organisations by ExxonMobil affiliates in Nigeria, represented 74 per cent of total spent. The Keynote Speaker at the event and Executive Vice Chairman of Famfa Oil Limited, Mrs. Folorunsho Alakija, who spoke on the theme of the conference “Bold Steps for Big Change,” lamented that “half of the world’s greatest resource are being blocked from reaching their potential due to the fact that they belong to the female gender”. She urged the women to step up and take bold, ground-breaking actions towards improving the success rate and impact of their companies, using her personal business experience. She urged women entrepreneurs to persevere till they succeed in business. Mrs. Alakija commended ExxonMobil’s investments in the economic empowerment of women. “We should use ExxonMobil as an example for other oil companies and organisations not just in Nigeria, but worldwide for its support to various businesses of women,” she said. WEConnect International Country Director of in Nigeria, Shade Ladipo, said the organisation partners ExxonMobil and others to train women on the workings of multinationals and large organisations. Some of the trainings are on bidding and procurement processes as well as how to compete effectively with their male counterparts in winning business from such organisations. Related Posts Techno Oil Boosts Fuel Supply With 20 New Mega Stations EXXONMOBIL MAKES 41% PROFIT AS SALES SOAR WOMEN EMPOWERMENT AND LEADERSHIP CHALLENGES IN TRADE UNION WHY WE ARE AGAINST PIB – SHELL, EXXONMOBIL C’River Boosts Agriculture With N800m Grant Sovrn . Tags: $100M, BOOSTS, EXXONMOBIL, WITH, WOMEN EMPOWERMENT Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « ‘Fed Govt To Allow Helicopters Fly To Abuja’ Time To Prioritise Gas In Nigeria, Says NLNG Chief » Today’s Latests Clerics Preach Peace, Tolerance Among Muslims 5 Killed In Katsina Auto Crash Bane Of Mining Sector, By Fayemi PDP Crisis: Jonathan, Wike In Secret Meeting Archives Archives Select Month March 2017  (431) February 2017  (114) January 2017  (66) December 2016  (210) November 2016  (14) October 2016  (114) September 2016  (961) August 2016  (858) June 2016  (188) August 2015  (4) June 2015  (34) May 2015  (7) April 2015  (77) February 2014  (18) January 2014  (103) December 2013  (66) November 2013  (172) October 2013  (515) September 2013  (583) August 2013  (494) July 2013  (506) June 2013  (516) May 2013  (612) April 2013  (710) March 2013  (301) February 2013  (221) January 2013  (229) December 2012  (205) November 2012  (243) October 2012  (112) September 2012  (248) August 2012  (239) July 2012  (411) June 2012  (540) May 2012  (871) April 2012  (529) March 2012  (852) February 2012  (957) January 2012  (976) December 2011  (715) November 2011  (847) October 2011  (891) September 2011  (909) August 2011  (1160) July 2011  (804) June 2011  (134) May 2011  (886) April 2011  (840) March 2011  (870) February 2011  (834) January 2011  (1372) December 2010  (1709) November 2010  (1351) October 2010  (812) September 2010  (852) August 2010  (914) July 2010  (974) June 2010  (1146) May 2010  (1025) April 2010  (1416) March 2010  (959) February 2010  (1054) January 2010  (1129) December 2009  (1180) November 2009  (1146) October 2009  (595) September 2009  (597) August 2009  (1292) July 2009  (1085) June 2009  (1432) May 2009  (1366) April 2009  (1596) March 2009  (2109) February 2009  (259) January 2009  (47) December 2008  (41) Recent Posts Clerics Preach Peace, Tolerance Among Muslims 5 Killed In Katsina Auto Crash Bane Of Mining Sector, By Fayemi PDP Crisis: Jonathan, Wike In Secret Meeting Fire Razes NAFDAC Warehouse Login Username Password Remember Me Lost Password Home Politics Entertainment Sports News Business Health Forum Post Free Ads © 2017 Nigerian Latest News Papers News Online. All rights reserved. NBF News. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok Forum | Jobs | General Topics | Privacy
null
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market 2017 – Henkel, Ecolab, Christeyns Global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market 2017 – Henkel, Ecolab, Christeyns Posted on March 16, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market: This market research report focuses on Past-Current Size, Shares, Trends, Price, Segmentation and Forecast 2017-2022. Pune, Mahrashtra — (SBWIRE) — 03/16/2017 — The report entitled Global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market 2017 presents key insights into the global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial market along with the latest up-to-date industry details and forthcoming Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial industry trends, which will assist the readers to focus on product specification and end users driving the overall market revenue and profitability. Report Keynotes: The main motive of the report on "Global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market 2017" is to study comprehensive details of the market investors, key industry players which will enable them to make vital decisions in regards to Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial growth opportunities and future investment scope. This report highlights the prominent industry competitors and provides the deep analysis of the major factors influencing the market. The report also covers the forecasts market study related to industry trends, market volume, market share estimates and company profiles of top industry players. Do Inquiry Before Buying Report Here: https://market.biz/report/global-laundry-detergent-for-institutional-commercial-market-icrw/32888/#inquiry Dominant Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial market players: 1 Zep 2 Whitecat 3 Spartan Chemical Company 4 Sealed Air Corporation 5 Regal Washing 6 Procter & Gamble (PG) 7 Mega Magic 8 Kemde 9 Kao 10 Kaimi 11 JieLushi 12 Henkel 13 Ecolab 14 Christeyns 15 Betco 16 Beijing Yiqing Daily Chemical 17 BASF 18 BAIJIELI 19 Alpha Chemical Services Get Sample Copy Of Report Here: https://market.biz/report/global-laundry-detergent-for-institutional-commercial-market-icrw/32888/#requestforsample This Report examines the global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial market concerning product type, application service, client and geography. The global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial market covers major continents. Region wise Analysis of Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market: 1 South America 2 North America 3 Middle East and Africa 4 Europe 5 APAC The global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial market has been segmentized into two parts product and application. Product Segment Analysis of Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market: 1 Solid Laundry Detergent 2 Powder Laundry Detergent 3 Liquid Laundry Detergent Application Segment Analysis of Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market: 1 Hospital 2 Hotel 3 Restaurant 4 Laundry 5 Other Finally, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial market, offering market size and estimates for the period from 2016 to 2021, keeping in mind the above mentioned factors. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-laundry-detergent-institutional-commercial-market-2017-783049.htm Media Relations Contact Stefen Marwa Research Analyst Market.biz Telephone: 8572390696 Email: Click to Email Stefen Marwa Web: https://market.biz/report/global-laundry-detergent-for-institutional-commercial-market-icrw/32888/ Latest News Toys Market in China: 2019 Industry Analysis Trends, Share, Growth Drivers and Forecasts Research Report Automotive Heads-Up Display Market to Exceed $2,869.0 Million in 2020 Global Conservation Voltage Reduction Market 2017 – Nighthawk, North Western Energy Global Brackets Market 2017: Henry Schein, 3M Unitek, GC Orthodontics, FORESTADENT Global LED Downlights Market 2017: OSRAM, Philips Lighting, GE Lighting, LUG Global Jet Engines Market 2017: GE Aviation, Pratt & Whitney, Rolls-Royce, Safran Global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market 2017 – Henkel, Ecolab, Christeyns Fixed Satellite Services Market Pegged for Robust Expansion During 2017 to 2025 – Persistence Market Research Global Digital Signage Market 2017 – Dynasign, E Display, Extron Electronics, Four Winds Global Security Ink Market 2017: Sicpa, ESSENTRA PACKAGING, Mingbo, DNP, Independent Ink Inc © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Global Market Trend, Research Approach, Data Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancem   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 16, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Oleochemicals Fatty Acids market is estimated at $17.73 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $30.62 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2015 to 2022. Some of the key drivers of the market include consumer-driven demand and recyclability. Moreover, demand for food & beverages, soaps & detergents act as opportunities for the market growth. Exposure to consumer trends is favouring markets such as cleaning, beauty and food. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Asia-Pacific held the largest share in 2015, China being the top contributor. Japan, China and India are the prominent countries with a huge demand for oleochemicals. Growing applications of oleochemicals in the soaps & detergents industry is boosting investments in the oleochemicals market. The demand for oleochemicals is rising in the pharmaceutical & personal care industry as consumers are becoming conscious about the environmental benefits and cost effectiveness offered by oleochemicals. Significant mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, and joint ventures are the industry trends that are playing a major role for the market growth. Some of the key players in the market include 3F Group, Amyris, Arizona Chemical Company LLC, Cargill Incorporated, CREMER, Emery Oleochemicals, Evonik Industries, Genomatica, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, KLK OLEO, Mery Oleochemicals, P&G Chemicals, PT Musim Mas, Solazyme, Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company Pvt. Ltd and Wilmar International Ltd,. Products Covered: - Distilled Fatty Acids - Stearic Acid - Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids - Fractionated Fatty Acids - Glycerin - Fatty Alcohols - Oleic Acid - Caproic Acid Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583482/sample Applications Covered: - Food and Beverages - Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care - Polymers - Soaps and Detergents - Agrochemicals - Lubricant & Grease - Coating & Resin - Paper, Candles and Waxes - Other Applications Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt Company Profiling 9.1 3F Group 9.2 Amyris 9.3 Arizona Chemical Company LLC 9.4 Cargill Incorporated 9.5 CREMER 9.6 Emery Oleochemicals 9.7 Evonik Industries 9.8 Genomatica 9.9 Godrej Industries 9.10 Isosciences LLC 9.11 KLK OLEO 9.12 Mery Oleochemicals, 9.13 P&G Chemicals 9.14 PT Musim Mas, 9.15 Solazyme 9.16 Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company Pvt. Ltd 9.17 Wilmar International Ltd, Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583482/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
null
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Mar 19, 2017-Sunday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india elections 2017 world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini IIT-Bombay students bag Rs 2.8 lakh stipend for summer internships mumbai Updated: Mar 17, 2017 16:14 IST Musab Qazi Hindustan Times Owing to the institute’s close association with the fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) sector, 29% of the batch has secured offers from that segment.(HT file photo) The average stipend of summer placement at Shailesh J Mehta School of Management at Indian Institute of Technology Bombay (IIT-B) rose to Rs 1.19 lakh, witnessing an increase of 27% over the previous year. The top stipend bagged by the students this year was Rs 2.80 lakh which was 40% higher than that of last year. These internships will be carried out for 8-10 weeks. The participating students bagged offers for summer placements from 40 companies. The existing batch of students attracted many new recruiters and bagged new profiles from existing recruiters. Read more Asia’s best universities: IIT Bombay ranked 42nd, Bengaluru’s IISc in top 50 IIT Bombay students map trees, record 40 species in phase 1 Owing to the institute’s close association with the fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) sector, 29% of the batch has secured offers from that segment. Around 22% of the students secured from the consulting/IT sector. While the rest of the students bagged placements in manufacturing and banking, finance, securities, insurance (BFSI), healthcare and other sectors. FMCG giants such as Asian Paints, BCCL, Colgate-Palmolive, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Marico, Mondelez, Nestle, P&G and others offered profiles in supply chain management, operations and IT domains. While consulting/IT bigwigs like Accenture, Capgemini, GEP, Tata motors, and Wipro had roles in procurement consulting and technology consulting up for grabs. Manufacturing giants including BASF, Cummins, Tata motors and Whirlpool offered profiles in operations and marketing. The BFSI sector, meanwhile, witnessed giants like Fidelity Investments, Goldman Sachs, ICICI, Indus Valley Partners, Ocwen Financial Services and Yes Bank offering roles in investment management, relationship banking, risk management, corporate treasury and business analysis and research. Companies like Boehringer Ingleheim, Cochlear, Pharmeasy and United Health Group from the healthcare sector took part in the placement cell and offered profiles in supply chain management, strategy, sales and marketing and general management. tags IIT-Bombay stipend summer internships Shailesh J. Mehta School of Management Indian Institute of Technology Bombay more from mumbai Maharashtra budget spotlight shines on roads, rail, air Mar 19, 2017 01:25 IST Maharashtra budget: No loan waiver for farmers, but agri sector gets boost Mar 19, 2017 01:19 IST Wake up before the next question Partnered feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Jammu and Kashmir: Pakistan violates ceasefire along LoC, Indian Army retaliates Mar 19, 2017 11:22 IST Scientists probe mysterious leaks as Gujarat’s nuclear plant contracts ‘small p... Mar 19, 2017 11:17 IST Patna University blocks dolphin research project Mar 19, 2017 10:39 IST Winter air quality in Patna was worse than Delhi Mar 19, 2017 10:31 IST Yogi Adityanath to be sworn in as UP chief minister today with two deputy CMs Mar 19, 2017 10:44 IST Assault on secularism: How parties reacted to Adityanath’s elevation to UP CM Mar 19, 2017 09:59 IST Indus Waters Treaty: Five hydro projects likely to be discussed in India-Pak me... Mar 19, 2017 07:47 IST uttar pradesh punjab goa uttarakhand manipur know your candidates Father, villagers elated over Yogi Adityanath’s elevation as UP CM Mar 19, 2017 11:46 IST Yogi Adityanath as UP chief minister: How BJP has played the biggest gamble picking... Mar 19, 2017 11:15 IST Yogi Adityanath to be sworn in as UP chief minister today with two deputy CMs Mar 19, 2017 10:44 IST Corruption, migration key challenges for new Uttarakhand CM Trivendra Singh Raw... Mar 19, 2017 10:01 IST Assault on secularism: How parties reacted to Adityanath’s elevation to UP CM Mar 19, 2017 09:59 IST BBC apologises for asking on Twitter, ‘What is the right punishment for blasphemy’ Mar 19, 2017 11:48 IST Venezuela prison mass grave yields 15 corpses, three headless Mar 19, 2017 11:47 IST Man arrested after driving to White House gates and making bomb threats: Report Mar 19, 2017 11:27 IST Man killed at Paris airport planned to ‘die for Allah’: Prosecutor Mar 19, 2017 10:37 IST North Korea tests rocket engine, Kim says ‘great event of historic significance’ Mar 19, 2017 08:41 IST Stabbing oranges, deporting cows: 4 bizarre ways the Turkish are fighting the D... Mar 19, 2017 07:07 IST US Homeland Security seeks proposal to build 30-foot-high wall at Mexican border Mar 18, 2017 22:58 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Father, villagers elated over Yogi Adityanath’s elevation as UP CM Mar 19, 2017 11:46 IST Police release traffic advisory ahead of Jat protests, Lutyens’ Delhi restricted Mar 19, 2017 11:03 IST Patna University blocks dolphin research project Mar 19, 2017 10:39 IST Winter air quality in Patna was worse than Delhi Mar 19, 2017 10:31 IST Delhi MCD polls: Cong ropes in Amarinder Singh as BJP deploys Amit Shah, Naidu Mar 19, 2017 08:57 IST Delhi’s refugees: In quest for a home out of home Mar 19, 2017 10:05 IST Maharashtra budget spotlight shines on roads, rail, air Mar 19, 2017 01:25 IST Maharashtra budget: No loan waiver for farmers, but agri sector gets boost Mar 19, 2017 01:19 IST Ease of doing business gets a boost as Maharashtra simplifies rules, waives pen... Mar 19, 2017 01:16 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Yogi Adityanath as UP chief minister: How BJP has played the biggest gamble picking the Hindutva leader Mar 19, 2017 11:15 IST Australia’s confidence in India mirror their ‘Captain Marvel’ Steve Smith Mar 19, 2017 09:44 IST Uttar Pradesh CM-designate Yogi Adityanath’s public image can be his bane and a... Mar 19, 2017 10:44 IST Delhi municipal election: Parties can’t ignore local body governance any more Mar 19, 2017 08:18 IST How can we save India’s ecosystems? By paying for it! Mar 18, 2017 23:13 IST MS Dhoni’s mobile phones stolen during fire scare, files complaint with police Mar 19, 2017 11:27 IST Rahul Dravid, Sourav Ganguly in conflict of interest crosshairs Mar 19, 2017 11:13 IST BAN 24/2, chase 191: Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh, live cricket score, 2nd Test, Day... Mar 19, 2017 11:45 IST Australia’s confidence in India mirror their ‘Captain Marvel’ Steve Smith Mar 19, 2017 09:44 IST IND 435/6, Pujara 164*: Live cricket score, India vs Australia, 3rd Test, Day 4,... Mar 19, 2017 11:36 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Arsene Wenger reveals he has decided on his future at Arsenal Mar 19, 2017 11:46 IST MS Dhoni’s mobile phones stolen during fire scare, files complaint with police Mar 19, 2017 11:27 IST Rahul Dravid, Sourav Ganguly in conflict of interest crosshairs Mar 19, 2017 11:13 IST Roger Federer and Stan Wawrinka in all-Swiss final at Indian Wells Masters Mar 19, 2017 10:24 IST BAN 24/2, chase 191: Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh, live cricket score, 2nd Test, Day... Mar 19, 2017 11:45 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Checkout: Sayani Gupta plays 14-yr-old schoolgirl in Ranbir-Katrina’s Jagga Jasoos Mar 19, 2017 11:18 IST Aamir Khan’s Dangal daughter Sanya Malhotra turns choreographer for him in Secret... Mar 19, 2017 11:06 IST Niyati Fatnani draws inspiration from real life for her reel-life roles Mar 18, 2017 21:47 IST Taapsee Pannu on why she didn’t want to start Bollywood career with an offbeat ... Mar 18, 2017 21:43 IST Jasleen Kaur Royal prefers negative criticism over positive feedback Mar 18, 2017 21:36 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Tried and Tasted: Fruit sandwich is the evening snack missing from your life Mar 19, 2017 09:49 IST HT Brunch exclusive: Amping with British boy band The Vamps Mar 18, 2017 22:09 IST Forget Sardar jokes! Indian stereotypes are making jokes on themselves #LolOnUs Mar 19, 2017 09:30 IST Here’s why we will all be buying a BlackBerry again Mar 19, 2017 07:01 IST I don’t understand why people think stereotypes are bad: Lola Kutty Mar 18, 2017 21:46 IST LeEco to focus on TV business, not exit India: VP Alex Li Mar 18, 2017 20:00 IST China blocks Pinterest: censorship watchdogs Mar 18, 2017 14:17 IST Does your new phone come preinstalled malware? How to know and what to do Mar 18, 2017 12:51 IST 1 billion Yahoo accounts on sale, despite hacking indictments: Report Mar 18, 2017 11:17 IST EU consumer authorities to take on Facebook, Google, Twitter Mar 17, 2017 13:39 IST Google hopes to improve search quality with ‘offensive’ flag Mar 17, 2017 11:31 IST China ahead of India in internet access: Pew Mar 17, 2017 11:22 IST UP Board exams: Answer sheets of students scoring 90% and above to be checked twice Mar 19, 2017 11:17 IST A pair of scissors and a code helped cops track HSC paper leak suspects in Mumb... Mar 19, 2017 00:21 IST CBSE asks students to reach exam centres early ahead of Jat protest on Monday Mar 18, 2017 22:54 IST Get a job, make money this summer: Here are 5 steps to land a great internship Mar 18, 2017 16:13 IST Limca’s oldest MA student is 97 and studying economics to understand why India’s... Mar 18, 2017 16:03 IST ‘The Birdman of Chennai’ feeds 8,000 parakeets a day Mar 18, 2017 18:43 IST In pictures: Clock towers forgotten in time by Mumbai Mar 18, 2017 12:58 IST Dancing up a storm: Lavani takes centrestage in Mumbai Mar 17, 2017 14:01 IST In pictures: Capt. Amarinder and team take oath in Punjab Mar 16, 2017 15:50 IST In pictures: Indian flowers of Spring Mar 15, 2017 15:24 IST Senior citizens can now hire families for company Mar 19, 2017 11:42 IST Caught on cam: Miscreants loot Rs 2 lakh from petrol pump Mar 18, 2017 16:17 IST Paramilitary force dogs participate in passing-out parade Mar 18, 2017 13:58 IST Albino Deer draws attraction at Gujarat’s Gir Mar 17, 2017 13:47 IST MS Dhoni rescued unhurt as fire breaks out at Dwarka hotel Mar 17, 2017 11:56 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Media The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition Blogs Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail ProsperoPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Blogs up icon Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail Prospero Print Edition The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe A better pill from ChinaChinese pharma firms target the global market A new Chinese drug for colorectal cancer could mark an important milestone print-edition icon From the print edition | BusinessMar 16th 2017 | SHANGHAI twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon WALK into the Shanghai laboratories of Chi-Med, a biotech firm, and you encounter the sort of shiny, cutting-edge facilities common in any major pharma company in America, Europe or Japan. Chi-Med has just had positive results in a late-stage trial of its drug for colorectal cancer, which is called Fruquintinib. If the drug is approved both in China and in Western markets it could be the very first prescription drug to be designed and developed entirely in China that will be on a path to global commercialisation. Given China’s ageing population, higher incomes and rising demand for health care it is clear why innovation in drugs is a priority for the country. Its national market for drugs has grown rapidly in recent years to become the world’s second-largest. It could grow from $108bn in 2015 to around $167bn by 2020, according to an estimate from America’s Department of Commerce. By comparison, America spends about $400bn a year on drugs. Latest updates Angela Merkel and her press corps show how big democracies are supposed to operate Democracy in Americaa day ago Free health cover for Britons in Europe is under threat Gulliver2 days ago Where others gawked, John Samson looked with genuine curiosity Prospero2 days ago Donald Trump’s “America First” budget would make deep cuts to domestic programmes Graphic detail2 days ago Hundreds of thousands of people have fled South Sudan for Uganda Middle East and Africa2 days ago An array of churches opposes Donald Trump’s proposed cuts to foreign aid Erasmus2 days ago See all updates Chinese firms mainly sell cheap, generic medicines that earn only razor-thin margins. The pharma industry is extremely fragmented, with thousands of tiny manufacturers and distributors. That helps explain the limited amount of finance that is available for investment in new medicines. Most Chinese pharma firms devote less than 5% of sales to R&D, according to a report last year from the World Health Organisation (big global drug firms typically spend 14%-18% of sales on R&D). And the bulk of that spending goes to research into generics. But things are changing quickly. The government is encouraging the industry to consolidate, chiefly by raising standards for the quality of new medicines. It is also improving the country’s regulatory infrastructure, which should make it more efficient, and faster, to develop drugs. The value of deals in the health-care sector has been increasing as a result. ChinaBio, a research firm, reckons that over $40bn of foreign and local money went into the life sciences in China in 2016. In the same year just three Chinese biotech firms—CStone, Innovent and Ascletis—together raised more than $500m of financing. Another boost is the arrival of talent from abroad, whether Chinese-born executives returning with a Western education or Westerners with experience of multinational pharmaceutical firms. Christian Hogg, the boss of Chi-Med—which was founded in 2000, has eight drugs in clinical development and listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange in 2016—used to work at Procter & Gamble, a global consumer-goods firm. Samantha Du, the firm’s very first scientific officer, was formerly an executive at Pfizer, an American pharma giant. Now known as the godmother of Chinese biopharma, she used to manage health-care investments for Sequoia Capital, a Silicon Valley venture-capital firm. In 2013 she helped found Zai Lab, which licenses late-stage drugs from Western pharma companies to develop and sell in China. Zai Lab also aims to develop innovative medicines in immuno-oncology. Another firm attracting attention is BeiGene, an oncology firm based in Beijing, which has four clinical-stage drug candidates and which raised $158m in an IPO last year. Chi-Med’s Fruquintinib may even be beaten in the race to approval in America and Japan by a cancer drug called Epidaza from Chipscreen Biosciences of Shenzhen. China approved it in 2015. It is too early to say whether these innovative firms will remain rarities. Only a few large ones have emerged, since the industry is resisting consolidation. But the size of the local market will itself help the industry grow. And developing a drug in China is far cheaper than it is in America or Europe. Given the outrage at the high cost of drugs in America, in particular, there is every incentive for Chinese firms to develop medicines for the global market. twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content Editors’ picks Andrés Manuel López ObradorMexico’s populist would-be president Mexico City, we have a problem Americas German lessonsAngela Merkel and her press corps show how big democracies are supposed to operateDemocracy in America From deprivation to daffodilsThe world economy is picking up The science of popularityThe magic of making hitsCulture You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 20,915 -19.93 -0.10% Nasdaq 5,901 +0.24 +0.00% S&P 500 2,378 -3.13 -0.13% 3/18 Updated More than 1 million borrowers defaulted on their student loans last year 3/18 Updated One day after Merkel meeting, Trump says Germany owes NATO and U.S. ‘vast sums’ 3/18 Updated The Moneyologist: The foundations of our California dream home are rotting — do we sell or sue? 3/18 Updated NCAA March Madness Day 3 | A few perfect brackets | Northwestern’s dance ends 3/18 Updated 5 surprising things you can deduct from your income taxes 3/18 Updated This is how much it costs ‘Meals on Wheels’ to feed one elderly person for a year 3/18 Kellyanne Conway explains ‘alternative facts’ and ‘Bowling Green Massacre’ 3/18 One day after Merkel meeting, Trump says Germany owes NATO and U.S. ‘vast sums’ 3/18 Updated What to expect when senators question SEC chairman nominee Clayton 3/18 Updated ‘Hillbilly Elegy’ author leaving Silicon Valley for the Ohio featured in his memoir 3/18 Updated 5 things that prove rich people are cheap 3/18 Updated 1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt 3/18 Updated New research breaks down the impact of growing up with a single parent 3/18 Updated Trump reverses Obama-era directive protecting some student loan borrowers from fees 3/18 Updated Students panic after government’s online financial aid tool breaks down 3/18 Updated If you’re looking for a job right now, avoid these major industries 3/18 Updated After the Fed rate hike, credit-card holders could pay an extra $1.6 billion 3/18 Updated Regular sex at home leads to a more productive time at work 3/18 Updated America’s battle with drugs: Fatal overdoses spike among white, middle-aged men 3/18 Updated The Moneyologist: How can I get my hands on half of my ex-husband’s $1 million IRA? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release WPP Agrees to Acquire Majority Stake in Bruketa&Zinic OM By Published: Mar 16, 2017 11:37 a.m. ET Share Adriatic's Leading Creative Agency Will Become Part of Grey GroupNew Name Will Be Bruketa&Zinic&Grey NEW YORK, March 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- WPP, the world's largest communications services group, announced that it has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Bruketa&Zinic OM, one of the Adriatic region's most highly-awarded creative agencies. Following the acquisition, WPP's Grey Zagreb will merge into Bruketa&Zinic to create Bruketa&Zinic&Grey.  Other Grey agencies in the region will also be rebranded. The merger provides Bruketa&Zinic access to opportunities with Grey clients throughout Europe and the world. At the same time, it allows WPP and Grey to expand its capabilities and consolidate its position in the region.   James R. Heekin III, Chairman and CEO of Grey Group, said, "We are delighted to welcome Bruketa&Zinic to Grey.  This deal represents another step forward in expanding Grey Europe's capabilities and critical mass in the important Adriatic region." Alain Groenendaal, President and CEO of Grey Europe, said, "We have been monitoring Bruketa&Zinic's development ever since Advertising Age recognized them as the International Small Agency of the Year.  We're very excited about their potential and the opportunities we will have together." Davor Bruketa, Partner in Bruketa&Zinic OM, said "We have discussed ways to create new value together with Grey for quite awhile.   Of course, we are interested in the tools and insights of Grey's global network, but more than that, we believe in the potential of formal and informal networking across the globe.  It's a great opportunity for us and our clients.  From our founding, our growth has resulted from partnering with innovative companies and talented and ambitious individuals.  Joining the Grey network gives us the chance to expand our boundaries again." Nikola Zinic, Partner in Bruketa&Zinic OM, said, "Not long ago we placed digital at the heart of our integrated communications process and that has resulted in tremendous growth for us, winning accounts for Addiko Bank, Coca-Cola and VIPnet last year alone. We see that joining Grey's global network will be equally impactful and transformative in our growth and success." About Grey Grey is the advertising network of Grey Group, which ranks among the largest global communications companies.  Its parent company is WPP WPPGY, -0.57%   Under the banner of "Grey Famously Effective Since 1917," the agency serves a blue-chip roster of many of the world's best known companies:  Procter & Gamble, GlaxoSmithKline, Kellogg's, Pfizer, Canon, Marriott Hotels and Resorts, Nestle and more. (www.grey.com) About Bruketa&Zinic OM Bruketa&Zinic OM is the best international small advertising agency according to Advertising Age Magazine (Portland, 2013); the second most effective independent agency according to the Global Effie Index (Cannes, 2012); one of the world's 17 leading independent agencies according to Campaign Magazine (London, 2014); and among the world's 200 best packaging designers according to Lurzer's Archive (Vienna, 2015). Founded in 1995, B&Z's revenues for the year ended 31 December 2016 were approximately HRK 33 million.   The company employs approximately 60 people and serves such premier clients as Heineken, VIPnet, Coca-Cola, Croatia Insurance, Addiko Bank and Adris Group. www.bruketa-zinic.com Contact:            Owen Dougherty  212-546-2551 odougherty@grey.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wpp-agrees-to-acquire-majority-stake-in-bruketazinic-om-300424892.html SOURCE Grey Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References WPPGY -0.60 -0.57% Most Popular Investors are increasingly looking for that overdue selloff in stocks NCAA March Madness Day 3 | A few perfect brackets | Northwestern’s dance ends Hillary Clinton declares: ‘I am ready to come out of the woods’ Roth or traditional IRA? For max contributors, it’s no contest How to invest and do good MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Miami luxury developments: Tides are changing for the better View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Moneyish Watch this: This desk encourages sleeping on the job View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found WPP PLC ADR U.S.: Nasdaq: WPPGY $104.41 -0.60 (-0.57%) Volume 164.2K Open $104.80 High $104.88 Low $104.32 P/E Ratio 14.89 Div Yield 4.36 Market Cap 26.7B
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Advertising | Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers WPP Agrees to Acquire Majority Stake in Bruketa&Zinic OM Adriatic's Leading Creative Agency Will Become Part of Grey Group New Name Will Be Bruketa&Zinic&Grey NEW YORK, March 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- WPP, the world's largest communications services group, announced that it has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Bruketa&Zinic OM, one of the Adriatic region's most highly-awarded creative agencies. Following the acquisition, WPP's Grey Zagreb will merge into Bruketa&Zinic to create Bruketa&Zinic&Grey. Other Grey agencies in the region will also be rebranded. The merger provides Bruketa&Zinic access to opportunities with Grey clients throughout Europe and the world. At the same time, it allows WPP and Grey to expand its capabilities and consolidate its position in the region.   James R. Heekin III, Chairman and CEO of Grey Group, said, "We are delighted to welcome Bruketa&Zinic to Grey.  This deal represents another step forward in expanding Grey Europe's capabilities and critical mass in the important Adriatic region." Alain Groenendaal, President and CEO of Grey Europe, said, "We have been monitoring Bruketa&Zinic's development ever since Advertising Age recognized them as the International Small Agency of the Year.  We're very excited about their potential and the opportunities we will have together." Davor Bruketa, Partner in Bruketa&Zinic OM, said "We have discussed ways to create new value together with Grey for quite awhile.   Of course, we are interested in the tools and insights of Grey's global network, but more than that, we believe in the potential of formal and informal networking across the globe.  It's a great opportunity for us and our clients.  From our founding, our growth has resulted from partnering with innovative companies and talented and ambitious individuals.  Joining the Grey network gives us the chance to expand our boundaries again." Nikola Zinic, Partner in Bruketa&Zinic OM, said, "Not long ago we placed digital at the heart of our integrated communications process and that has resulted in tremendous growth for us, winning accounts for Addiko Bank, Coca-Cola and VIPnet last year alone. We see that joining Grey's global network will be equally impactful and transformative in our growth and success." About Grey Grey is the advertising network of Grey Group, which ranks among the largest global communications companies.  Its parent company is WPP (NASDAQ: WPPGY). Under the banner of "Grey Famously Effective Since 1917," the agency serves a blue-chip roster of many of the world's best known companies: Procter & Gamble, GlaxoSmithKline, Kellogg's, Pfizer, Canon, Marriott Hotels and Resorts, Nestle and more. (www.grey.com) About Bruketa&Zinic OM Bruketa&Zinic OM is the best international small advertising agency according to Advertising Age Magazine (Portland, 2013); the second most effective independent agency according to the Global Effie Index (Cannes, 2012); one of the world's 17 leading independent agencies according to Campaign Magazine (London, 2014); and among the world's 200 best packaging designers according to Lurzer's Archive (Vienna, 2015). Founded in 1995, B&Z's revenues for the year ended 31 December 2016 were approximately HRK 33 million. The company employs approximately 60 people and serves such premier clients as Heineken, VIPnet, Coca-Cola, Croatia Insurance, Addiko Bank and Adris Group. www.bruketa-zinic.com Contact: Owen Dougherty 212-546-2551 odougherty@grey.com SOURCE Grey RELATED LINKS http://www.grey.com Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Advertising News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved W+K Portland Promotes Jess Monsey to Director of Client Services Advertisement NEXT:Thursday Morning Stir PREVIOUS:BBDO, AT&T Sing Through March Madness Revolving Door W+K Portland Promotes Jess Monsey to Director of Client Services By Erik Oster on Mar. 16, 2017 - 11:58 AMComment W+K Portland promoted Jess Monsey to director of client services. She will be tasked with overseeing the account services department for the office, while reporting directly to managing director Tom Blessington. “Not only has Jess Monsey championed some of this agency’s greatest work over the past decade, she is a true business partner to her clients,” Blessington told The Drum. “She’s also been a key proponent of helping the agency evolve its creative offerings. For these reasons and more, I’m beyond excited to make this announcement.” Monsey first joined W+K Portland in December of 2005 and has served as an account director on accounts including Coca-Cola/Powerade and P&G’s Ivory and Camay accounts. Over the past two years she served as group account director for KFC and Old Spice, while also taking on business director responsibilities. Prior to joining W+K, she spent four years as an account director with BBH New York, working on accounts such as Unilever, The World Gold Council and Us Weekly magazine. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Paid Search Planner BKV Atlanta Ad Sales Account Manager Adweek New York City, New York (US) Clinical Strategist Haymarket Media Group New York City, New York (US) Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Texarkana, TX Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Roanoke, VA See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 106/2 (31.2) - SL 319/10 (113.2) Live IND 480/6 (179.3) - AUS 451/10 (137.3) Live AFG 264/8 (50) - IRE (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Yogi Adityanath Trivendra Singh Rawat Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Uttar Pradesh Punjab Uttarakhand Goa Manipur Home Money Amazon top recruiter of IIM-A; makes 18 job offers (Reuters) Shares17 DNA Web Team | Thu, 16 Mar 2017-08:46pm , Mumbai , DNA webdesk E-commerce portal Amazon offered jobs to 18 graduates of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad in the summer campus hiring emerging as the top recruiter of the B-school. Including Amazon, there were about 100 global firms who took part in the annual placement process at the college. Some other include, Hindustan Unilever (7 offers), P&G (6 offers), Samsung (6), and SC Johnson (6) offers. According to a report by IANS, Tata Administrative Services (TAS) was the largest recruiter in the general management sector with 10 offers, and Sprinklr made nine offers in the consumer tech area. The B-school told the agency that investment banking participants included Citibank, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, JP Morgan, Kotak IB, and Standard Chartered. DNA Web Team TOP TOP < SCOOP: Makers of Taapsee Pannu's 'Naam Shabana' to launch its second trailer tomorrow!   Comments   Also Read Money 2012 Maruti factory violence case: Factory workers at six plants protest verdict Money High time our brightest and best work for benefit of India: Mukesh Ambani on reverse brain-drain Money Ram Vilas Paswan rules out separate law to regulate MRP of packed items Money Why it pays to start saving now Money Tata Sons oppose waiver plea of Mistry firms before NCLT Money Emission Norms: Himachal Pradesh will only register new BS-IV compliant 4-wheelers from April 1 < Previous ArticleNext Article > SCOOP: Makers of Taapsee Pannu's 'Naam Shabana' to launch its second trailer tomorrow! Live Cricket Score Live BAN 106/2 (31.2), 467/10 (134.1) BAN need 85 runs to win SL 319/10 (113.2), 338/10 (113.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 480/6 (179.3) IND lead by 29 runs AUS 451/10 (137.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live AFG 264/8 (50) IRE (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related ICICI Bank, SBI, StanChart top bank frauds list: RBI Advance tax: SBI, ICICI see sharp fall Citibank, Nomura, six others vie to be merchant bankers in NBCC divestment Video WATCH: The Trump-Merkel 'handshake' that didn't happen! WATCH: Pakistani groom arrives sitting atop a lion cage for his wedding! Donald Trump is BIGLY upset at Snoop Dogg's video of shooting clown version of the President! View all Tags Citibank Credit Suisse Deutsche Bank Hindustan Unilever (HUL) IIM-A Amazon Sprinklr Standard Chartered SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Another Turkish rally possible in Germany before referendum, Erdogan spokesman says Martyr status sought for locals who died protecting Khejri Bihar govt turned blind eye to thrashing of 2 backward youths: Pakistan's Sikh community upset for being 'left out' of national No issues with Yogi Adityanath being UP's CM, insists Maurya Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 The players may not be well-known considering that it's Sweden's Santiago Nieva to be India's new boxing coach FIFA promises to deliver 'magnificent' U-17 World Cup Entertainment Horses helped Ben Affleck to ward off alcohol demons Kamal Haasan's brother Chandrahasan dies of cardiac arrest Emma Watson may get USD 15 million for 'Beauty and the Beast' Calm down fans! Kapil Sharma is NOT MARRIED to Ginni Chatrath, here's the truth! Out of the galaxy of pictures that he clicked for the Money Money transfer firm could take on Orange mobiles in Senegal Centre warns Odisha of moving away coal production as MCL may Full budget for 2017-2018 fiscal next month: Narayanasamy Get cases of fraud in PMAY (Urban) scheme probed:Panel to govt Supertech to invest Rs 4,000 cr to build affordable homes Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Jobs LATEST NEWS Parents can evict abusive adult children from their house: HC Cruise policy, circuits to make India global hotspot: Nitin Gadkari High-command culture grips BJP North Korea tests newly developed high-thrust rocket engine Inside the deadly world of Venezuela's illegal mines Person in custody after incident at White House gates: Secret Service With Yogi Adityanath, BJP seems to be seeking majority consolidation ahead of Lok Sabha polls ET Portfolio ET Speed Markets News Industry Small Biz Politics Wealth MF Tech TECHHardwareSoftwareInternetITeSDo Big Stories FOLLOW TECH Cognizant layoffs may not spike this time around Rumours abound about a spike in the employee see-off numbers this year contrary ...Micromax aims to sell 6 million Bharat handsetsObscure Chinese phone companies ring in big plans for IndiaAre users getting tired of health gadgets and apps? Jobs Opinion NRI Slideshows Magazines PanacheET MagazineWealthBrand EquityFinancial TimesTravel FOLLOW PANACHE FOLLOW WEALTH More NewslettersAlertsE-PaperE-LearningET intelligenceMobileET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth for iPadET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App Brand Solutions India Infra Summit 2017 It serves as a platform for all stakeholders to come together and brainstorm. ET Telecom Awards 2017 Recognising excellence in the Indian telecom industry. Mutual Fund PULSE Get ready to become a champion investor Tata Docomo Business Services Do Big Stories: Powering Innovations For The Next India Committed to the Future, Committed to India GE EnergyWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating energy. Build More Than A Network Different way of looking at the challenges of the global network ET HealthWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating healthcare... ET Portfolio Manage and grow your money smartly with just one tool ET RICS The exhaustive survey that help brands and industry to review their products. ET NOW ET Home›Jobs 04:05 PM | 17 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,64963.14 NIFTY 50 9,1606.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,511100.0 USD/INR 65.460.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Shailesh J. Mehta School of Management top summer placement stipend Rs 2.80 lakh By Rica Bhattacharyya , ET Bureau| Updated: Mar 16, 2017, 04.06 PM IST READ MORE ON » Stipend | Shailesh J. Mehta School of Management | placement | IIT Bombay The batch has attracted many new recruiters and also bagged new profiles from existing recruiters. MUMBAI: Shailesh J. Mehta School of Management, IIT Bombay has completed summer placements for the outgoing batch of 2018 with a top stipend of Rs 2.80 lakh, an increase of 40% from a year ago. The average stipend for the batch rose to Rs 1.19 lakh, up 27% from the previous year. The participating students bagged offers in the summer placements from 40 participating companies, the institute said in a release. The batch has attracted many new recruiters and also bagged new profiles from existing recruiters. The new companies visiting the campus include Boehringer Ingelheim, Ocwen Financial Services, Pidilite, United Health Group and Whirlpool with profiles offered in general management, sales & marketing, BFSI and supply chain management. About 29% of the batch secured offers from the FMCG sector. Consulting/IT sector dominated second with 22% of the batch securing offers in the sector. Manufacturing and BFSI stood third and fourth respectively followed by healthcare and other sectors. FMCG giants including Asian Paints, BCCL, Colgate-Palmolive, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Marico, Mondelez, Nestle, P&G and others offered profiles in supply chain management, operations and IT domains. Consulting/IT bigwigs like Accenture, Capgemini, GEP, Tata motors, and Wipro had roles in procurement consulting and technology consulting up for grabs. Manufacturing giants including BASF, Cummins, Tata motors and Whirlpool offered profiles in operations and marketing. BFSI sector witnessed giants like Fidelity Investments, Goldman Sachs, ICICI, Indus Valley Partners, Ocwen Financial Services and Yes Bank offering roles in investment management, relationship banking, risk management, corporate treasury and business analysis & research. Healthcare sector saw the participation of companies like Boehringer Ingleheim, Cochlear, Pharmeasy and United Health Group offering profiles in supply chain management, strategy, sales and marketing and general management. READ MORE ON » Stipend | Shailesh J. Mehta School of Management | placement | IIT Bombay Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1Shailesh J. Mehta School of Management top summer placement stipend Rs 2.80 lakh 60 per cent of engineering graduates unemployed Additional requirement of 4.7 million skilled workers in telecom by FY22 How these high-paid techies got caught in a salary bubble, and how it's bursting now 60% employees say performance appraisals are a waste of time, 70% say no idea how they are evaluated: Survey 'Women worker participation rate in India's urban areas low' Employees hit by shakeout in telecom stare at lower pay Despite slowdown, a startup is still the place to start your career Five ways to create effective feedback mechanism 10,000 vacancies in Kendriya Vidyalayas to be filled up this year: Govt IIM Trichy completes final placements with 39% jump in highest salary to Rs 33 lakh BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Adidas says it's ditching TV advertising Lara O'Reilly Mar. 16, 2017, 6:13 AM 5,836 facebook linkedin twitter email print Barcelona star Leo Messi is an Adidas athlete. YouTube Adidas chief executive Kasper Rorsted told CNBC on Wednesday hat the sports apparel brand has turned its back on TV advertising. Rorsted explained the company is looking to boost its ecommerce revenues from €1 billion ($1.06 billion) in 2016 to €4 billion ($4.25 billion) by 2020 — and Adidas wants to use digital channels to get there He told CNBC: "It's clear that the younger consumer engages with us predominantly over the mobile device. Digital engagement is key for us — you don't see any TV advertising any more." Rorsted's comments shouldn't be taken too literally, however. Data from iSpotTV shows that Adidas has aired a number of TV ads in 2017, including a spot featuring Snoop Dogg, entitled "Original is Never Finished." However, its TV outlay in the US is relatively small compared to other advertisers, with Adidas ranked 511th in terms of TV ad spend in the last 30 days, according to iSpotTV. Adidas increased its overall marketing investments from €1.886 billion in 2015 to €1.981 billion in 2016. As a percentage of sales, the company's expenditure for its point-of-sale and marketing investments declined 0.8 percentage points to 13.1%, from 13.9% in 2015. Adidas Annual Report The company spends almost half of its marketing investments on partnerships, while its other marketing expenditure goes towards digital, advertising, point-of-sale, and "grassroots" activations, on the ground with local sports clubs. Adidas said in its annual report it wants to decrease the ratio of marketing expenses of partnerships to less than 45% by 2020. In a letter to shareholders in Adidas' annual report, Rorsted said: "A strategic topic that will transform our company over the next years is digital. Digital touches our company at every point along the value stream — how we design, develop, manufacture, and sell our products. Already today, Adidas.com and Reebok.com are our largest and fastest-growing shops and we will further accelerate our investments in this area to create competitive advantages through digital. Growing our digital capabilities will ultimately also help us do a better job on margin enhancement." While Adidas looks to be ditching TV advertising in favor of digital, other brands have recently been vocally cynical about the effectiveness of online advertising. In two recent speeches, the chief marketing officer of the biggest ad spender in the world — Marc Pritchard of Procter & Gamble — called on digital platforms to clean up their acts when it comes to measurement, transparency, and a "crappy" supply chain. P&G will no longer pay for ads that don't meet its standards, Pritchard said. In the US, digital ad spending was predicted to surpass TV last year.The jury appears to be out as to which is more effective. A 2014 meta-analysis conducted by researchers at Ebiquity and commissioned by UK TV marketing body Thinkbox, for example, found that for every £1 spent on advertising, TV is "the best profit generator." Thinkbox That is a view also shared by the chief marketing officer of Coca-Cola, Marcos de Quinto, who told Marketing Week last year that TV spend is "critical" to the brand and generates more sales than digital. SEE ALSO: Turner CEO: Ad money is coming back to TV that was previously redirected to digital NOW WATCH: Hackers and governments can see you through your phone’s camera — here’s how to protect yourself Loading video... More: Adidas TV Advertising facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Adidas says it's ditching TV advertising Adidas says it's ditching TV advertising Adidas chief executive Kasper Rorsted told CNBC... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Advertising Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep in signed in OR connect with Logout The story behind Snapdeal's increasing cart of woes Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #Rupee #FederalReserve #Nifty Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #GEStepAhead #SMESpecial News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessCompanies Mar 16, 2017 12:01 PM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com EXCLUSIVE: Watch out, Gillette: Unilever's hot Dollar Shave Club set for India debut The Dollar Shave Club, popular online seller of affordable razors and men’s grooming products in North America, is planning to make its India debut soon. The startup, which was acquired by Unilever for a USD 1 billion last year, is scouting for a country head for its India operations. Malini Bhupta Moneycontrol News The Dollar Shave Club (DSC), popular online seller of affordable razors and men’s grooming products in North America, is planning to make its India debut soon. The US-headquartered startup, which was acquired by Unilever for a USD 1 billion last year, is scouting for a country head for its India operations and the person heading its Indian operations will formulate the launch strategy and profitably scale up the business in India. The online seller of men’s grooming products has advertised the position on Linkedin a few days ago and applicants can directly apply on the company’s website. The post says: “Dollar Shave Club, one of the fastest-growing online grooming businesses in the US is expanding into India, and we’re looking for a Country Manager to build our Indian business.” An email sent to DSC headquarters remained unanswered till the time of publishing while Hindustan Unilever said in an email: “The company does not respond to market speculation,” when a questionnaire was sent by Moneycontrol. The country head for India will direct and coordinate business activities against long-range and short-term profitability and business growth goals and objectives for the local business. Interestingly, a few online businesses talk of profitability before they even launch. DSC, as the company is known, was started in 2012 by Michael Dubin to take on expensive razor brands like Gillette and it does so by providing a month’s supply of razors for merely USD 1 a month. The Dollar Shave Club follows a membership model and ships razors to their members. In its first advertisement, Dubin is seen describing the company’s razors as “f...ing great.” He goes on to ask consumers in the ad: “Do you like spending USD 20 a month on brand-name razors? Nineteen go to Roger Federer.” Dollar Shave Club was acquired by Unilever last year to expand its global footprint in the men’s grooming business and to give a fight to arch rival Proctor & Gamble-controlled Gillette. In India, too, Gillette controls a large share of the men’s grooming market. The men’s grooming market in India has been growing by a double-digit percentage annually for the last decade. According to Euromonitor, men’s grooming sales more than doubled over the past five years, growing from Rs 3,000 crore in 2010 to Rs 7,500 crore by 2015. Gillette India is a very important player in the men’s grooming market and has a 23 percent value share of this market. Dollar Shave Club is a direct competitor of Gillette. India is the world’s fastest growing e-commerce market and investment banks like Morgan Stanley expect online sales to hit USD 120 billion by 2020. tags #Business #dollar #Dollar Shave Club #Gillette #LinkedIn #Moneycontrol #North America #Roger Federer Related news Business POSCO offers to return land to Odisha government Mar 18, 2017 05:43 PM Business Government considering FDI relaxation in multi-brand retail policy Mar 18, 2017 05:28 PM Business If I could be 25 again, Reliance would be 10 times bigger: Mukesh Ambani Mar 18, 2017 04:15 PM Business 'Global tech and India's street-smartness an unbeatable combination' Mar 18, 2017 04:10 PM Business Maharashtra CM makes case to bring back debt-ridden farmers into credit system       Mar 18, 2017 03:58 PM Business 5G has lot of promises for a country like India: RS Sharma Mar 18, 2017 02:34 PM Business Mukesh Ambani Speech: 'Global tech and India's street smartness an unbeatable combination' Mar 18, 2017 01:43 PM Business Focus is on innovation, cost management & IT, says Marico Mar 18, 2017 11:38 AM Business Government approves second tranche of capital infusion in PSU banks Mar 17, 2017 10:22 PM News Most Popular Top News Copper to trade in 387.1-396.9 range: Achiievers Equities Preview: RBI seen cutting rates, but it will be a close call Silver to trade in 41719-42623 range: Achiievers Equities Crude oil to trade in 3534-3662 range: Achiievers Equities BJP springs a surprise: Yogi Adityanath to take charge as Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Markets on steroids: 10 stocks which can give double digit returns If I could be 25 again, Reliance would be 10 times bigger: Mukesh Ambani Consolidation likely before Sensex hits 30K; D-Mart listing eyed see more Video of the day Nifty likely to hit fresh record highs of 9,500-9,600 in 4-6 weeks: Mohammed Apabhai Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Gamechanger Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch Power your Ttade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info info@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Research » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Research » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » Power Your Trade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
X Close Regional Home > News > Regional < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 16 March 2017 Vietnam’s campaign against dissent targets YouTube ads HANOI: Some of Vietnam's biggest firms have suspended YouTube advertising as the communist country steps up a campaign against online dissent, which has also targeted global brands such as Unilever and Samsung. Since last month, Vietnam began the new tactic of pressuring advertisers as well as companies such as YouTube's owner, Google Inc, to try to get content the government finds offensive removed. Many of the videos are posted by dissidents abroad, beyond the reach of a Vietnamese social media law that seeks to remove such content. Vietnam’s biggest listed firm, Vinamilk, and flag carrier Vietnam Airlines took action after the government alerted them to the issue of ads appearing alongside “toxic” content. The state owns a majority in both firms. Vinamilk said in a document filed to the information and communication ministry that it has suspended ads on YouTube until it could be sure that any advertising there “completely complies with the law”. Last month, the ministry identified 17 YouTube videos with content it said distorted historical facts, incited national hatred or was pornographic and would be illegal in Vietnam. It did not make the videos public. Global brands Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Samsung and Yamaha Motor were highlighted alongside local companies for having adverts linked to unsuitable videos. None of those companies’ offices in Vietnam responded with their comment. Because of the computer-directed processes that pair adverts with their targeted audiences on YouTube, companies are not always aware of or have direct control over which specific videos an advert has been placed alongside. Last week, the information ministry threatened to fine companies whose adverts were posted alongside inappropriate YouTube videos and requested that Google remove them. “We have clear policies for removal requests from governments around the world. We rely on governments to notify us of content that they believe is illegal through official processes, and where appropriate, will restrict it after a thorough review,” a YouTube statement said. The government said Google has so far removed a total of 16 videos at its request. The Ministry of Information was not immediately available to comment on its campaign against offensive material and the steps taken by social media companies or advertisers. Vietnam has come under fire from Western countries and human rights groups for its Decree 72 on social media – which bans information that it deems anti-government, damaging to national security or destroying national unity. Despite the restrictions, content that ostensibly breaches the code’s standards is still prolific. — Reuters Tags / Keywords: vietnam Related Stories Related Stories Vietnam demands China stops cruises in South China Sea Japanese emperor kicks off landmark visit to Vietnam Vietnam shipping execs sentenced to death for embezzlement Viets play with fire when it comes to exorcising demons Vietnam eases ban on sports betting You May Be Interested Many top SPM scorers feel crushed Prostitution to redemption: A farm girl’s journey Inflation: Friend or foe? TM-Axiata merger on the cards? Credit Suisse: It’s time to invest in Malaysia Will your parents be a burden to you? Others Also Read Horizon Zero Dawn passes 2.6 million sales Smooth parasailing ahead Illegal tenants forced out in DBKL raid advertisement Latest News Jong-nam murder: VIP wanted by the police Three suicide bombers kill four outside northeast Nigeria's Maiduguri U.S. base rises from the rubble for Mosul push 23 Chinese schools in Pahang get RM2.125mil for repairs and upgrades Chinese police boss jailed for buying Australian property with graft money Most Viewed in News 12 hours of pain after man gets penis stuck in ring Prostitution to redemption: A farm girl’s journey Raja Bomoh says he's been protecting Malaysia for 70 years Many top SPM scorers feel crushed It's Professor Chef Wan now, thank you Jawi and the cops after Raja Bomoh Transgender’s customers on the rice Bukit Beruntung drowning: Body of Muhammad Ikhwan found Jack Ma to launch Alibaba’s regional distribution hub in Malaysia Hazmat team moves fast to save dad and daughter from mercury spill Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Depilatory Products Market 2016 Analysis and Forecast 2020 ReportsWeb.com published Depilatory Products Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 15, 2017 ) With more women entering the global workforce, the demand for and the affordability of depilatory products have increased. The rising numbers of salons and spas also increase product use. The following methods are commonly used for hair removal and there are many products to make the task easy. - Shaving - Creams - Waxing - Sugaring - Laser treatment - Electrolysis Publisher's analysts forecast the global depilatory products market to grow at a CAGR of 6.05% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-depilatory-products-market-2016-2020 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global depilatory products market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report takes into account revenue generated from the retail sales of the following products: - Women's razors and blades - Women's electric hair removal devices - Hair removal creams, waxes, and wax strips The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Depilatory Products Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - American International Industries - Church & Dwight - L'Oreal - Nad's - Procter & Gamble - Reckitt Benckiser Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001263518/sample . Other prominent vendors - Coty - Dabur - Edgewell Personal Care - Jolen - Revitol - Vi-John Group Market driver - Demand for do-it-yourself (DIY) hair removal methods - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Demand for laser hair removal - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Emphasis on personal grooming and hygiene - For a full, detailed list, view our report Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001263518/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS FMCG LATEST NEWS Inside the deadly world of Venezuela's illegal mines Person in custody after incident at White House gates: Secret Service With Yogi Adityanath to be UP Chief Minister, BJP seems to be seeking majority consolidation ahead of Lok Sabha Polls Yogi Adityanath, a Maths graduate who became a sanyasi Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportTech DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco ET Home›Industry›Cons. Products›FMCG 04:05 PM | 17 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,64963.14 NIFTY 50 9,1606.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,511100.0 USD/INR 65.460.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW We are market leader in some sectors against the mighty HUL: Nivea By Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau | Updated: Mar 17, 2017, 12.45 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Stefan Heidenreich | Nivea | Mumbai | Hindustan UniLever | Beiersdorf For year ended December, Beiersdorf surpassed HUL in the deodorants segment for the first time, with an 8.7% share of the urban market, compared with HUL’s Axe that had 7.7% share. Company Summary NSE BSE Hindustan UniLever Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 MUMBAI: Beiersdorf AG, the owner of the Nivea brand of consumer products, has harnessed its newly established production base in India to challenge the entrenched rival Hindustan Unilever, vindicating the German company’s latest strategy to replace outsourcing or imports with local manufacturing. “We have become the market leader in a couple of sectors, against the mighty Hindustan Unilever (HUL). So, we are quite pleased. We have, for the first time last year, crossed $100 million in India and we are profitable,” Stefan Heidenreich, Beiersdorf ’s chief executive, said in an investor call last week. For year ended December, Beiersdorf surpassed HUL in the deodorants segment for the first time, with an 8.7% share of the urban market, compared with HUL’s Axe that had 7.7% share. A year ago, HUL’s share was 8.3%, versus Nivea’s 7.1%. The German skin-care company, which had hitherto largely outsourced production in India or imported Nivea products from its home base, opened its first manufacturing unit in the country about two years ago. Local manufacturing has helped the German company lower prices and introduce affordable sachets that can be purchased by millions of Indians who are at the margins of the consumption threshold. For its part, India’s biggest multinational consumer goods company HUL said it does not comment on market share as a policy. “India’s deodorant market is underpenetrated, with a big headroom for growth. Our new launches across Axe Signature and Rexona are delivering strong growth for us, while gaining consumer franchise,” said an HUL spokesperson. Since 2011, Nivea India has been the fastest growing affiliate within Beiersdorf’s operations. “In all the segments that Nivea has entered, it has gone from being an insignificant brand into one of the top three brands in the category,” said Rakshit Hargave, SVP for Beiersdorf India and Sub-Saharan Africa. “In 2016, Nivea has outgrown the category by three times and has been able to beat market sluggishness in the December quarter.” Experts believe that the company has been historically very strong in the modern trade segment, wresting skin-care business from HUL and Procter & Gamble. “Nivea has been innovating and stayed most relevant to consumers in the changing times. Within deodorants, it has consistently gained share despite several new entrants, while its body lotions have been growing the fastest at 30%,” said Devendra Chawla, group president at organised retailer Future Group. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.com Celebrate 'Trainspotting' with Tribeca Shortlist Tribeca Shortlist That's How A Stairtlift Can Improve Your Life. Check The D.. Stairlift OffersMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Top five controversial comments by Yogi Adityanath Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Advantages of a Wireless Security System Alarm.com Women Are Racing To This Site Tophatter You Won't Find Underwear Like This Anywhere Else... The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Help prepare your business for a cyber breach. Take the te.. Travelers Hotel operators, investors keen on buying Taj Mansingh hotel What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door National Health Policy is futuristic: PM Narendra Modi Tata just unveiled its first sports coupe - TaMo RaceMo READ MORE ON » Stefan Heidenreich | Nivea | Mumbai | Hindustan UniLever | Beiersdorf To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented How Indian Railways selects 55 big ideas to get itself back on track Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu flags off indigenously built Medha rake on Mumbai's western corridor Maruti Suzuki workers' union to stall work for an hour to protest against court sentencing in 2012 riots case Jat agitation: Metro services to be severely curtailed This small village could spoil Modi's plan to power India in 2 years More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Choose Your Publication Fairfield County Business Journal Westchester County Business Journal Wag Magazine Members Member Login Membership Information Sales Leads Book of Lists 2015 Records Section Weekly Lists Digital Issues Westchester Business Journal Digital Paper Fairfield Business Journal Digital Paper Westchester & Fairfield Business Journal Digital Paper Archives Subscribe Now Free Trial Print Subscription News By Industry Government Real Estate Banking & Finance Health Care Economic Development Small Business Technology Education Retail Energy Manufacturing Construction Human Resources Insurance Good Things Happening Events Videos News Videos Menu Choose Your Publication Fairfield County Business Journal Westchester County Business Journal Wag Magazine Members Member Login Membership Information Sales Leads Book of Lists 2015 Records Section Weekly Lists Digital Issues Westchester Business Journal Digital Paper Fairfield Business Journal Digital Paper Westchester & Fairfield Business Journal Digital Paper Archives Subscribe Now Free Trial Print Subscription News By Industry Government Real Estate Banking & Finance Health Care Economic Development Small Business Technology Education Retail Energy Manufacturing Construction Human Resources Insurance Good Things Happening Events Videos News Videos You are here: Home / Advertising / Consumer Goods / Fairfield / Latest News / Marketing / HMSDesign selects Morris as first CEO HMSDesign selects Morris as first CEO By Kevin Zimmerman March 16, 2017 No Comment Elle Morris has been named to the newly created CEO position at HMSDesign, where she will partner with founder and president Hugh Montgomery to broaden the Fairfield company’s business portfolio and expand its presence. HMSDesign is a full-service design firm serving boutique brands, consumer packaged goods and pharmaceutical companies, including Heineken USA, Hampton Farms, Bigelow Tea Co. and Sun Products. Morris was most recently president of the Americas at New York-based Elmwood Design, an international brand design consultancy. During her career in creative and marketing services she has worked with such companies as SC Johnson, Procter & Gamble, Revlon and Colgate-Palmolive. Print Facebook Twitter Pinterest Linkedin Google+ Email About the author Kevin Zimmerman Social links:  Related Articles Fairfield’s Miro Kitchen closes March 15, 2017 Staples plans to close another 70 stores March 13, 2017 General Assembly committee passes bills revising ‘8-30g’ law March 9, 2017 With opioid-related deaths on the rise, nonprofits redouble education efforts March 9, 2017 Leave a Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked (required) Name (required) Email (required) Website Your comments (required) Cancel CONNECT SPOTLIGHT All in the family: Three generations helm Shelton industrial painting firm March 9, 2017 To say “As goes Sikorsky, so goes Prestige Industrial Finishing Co.” is not entirely accurate. But those at the Shelton company, which provides powder coating and military specification painting services Read more ... Solar installations are growing in New York, but are the jobs following? March 9, 2017 New York experienced nearly 800 percent growth in solar installations Read more ... Economic development, Joe Ganim-style March 9, 2017 When Bridgeport Mayor Joe Ganim sat down in his office to speak with Read more ... Sterling Bancorp buys Astoria Financial for $2.2 billion March 8, 2017 Sterling Bancorp will buy Long-Island Astoria Financial Corp. for Read more ... Western Connecticut Medical Group to be anchor tenant at Wilton Wellness Center March 6, 2017 Avison Young’s Fairfield/Westchester office has arranged a new Read more ... Sena Studios brings Dobbs Ferry woman’s vision to the big screen March 2, 2017 A desire to find a creative outlet has led one Dobbs Ferry woman Read more ... Bridgeport Bluefish hits 20th season – but a 21st may be in doubt March 2, 2017 As it enters its 20th season, the Bridgeport Bluefish baseball team Read more ... Norwalk health center exploring new approach to repeat ER users March 2, 2017 The Norwalk Community Health Center is making inroads in a pilot Read more ... Austrian company to buy American Christmas plant in Mount Vernon for $11.8M March 2, 2017 An Austrian festive lighting company is buying American Christmas Read more ... PowerMarket community solar platform wants to bring ‘solar to everyone’ March 2, 2017 A new online platform from a Brooklyn-based startup is looking Read more ... A secret no more, BioInc@NYMC plots its future growth February 23, 2017 To Dr. D. Douglas Miller, the secret is out on BioInc@NYMC. Now, he Read more ... Village of Ossining and chamber square off over roundabout plan February 23, 2017 A plan for a roundabout at a five-way intersection in downtown Read more ... Building goes up, tensions arise in Mount Vernon February 23, 2017 A lawsuit over a dispute between property owners in Mount Vernon has Read more ... VIDEOS Newsletter ABOUT About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms of Use SERVICES Legal Records Weekly Lists Plaques & Awards Sales Leads SUBSCRIPTIONS Become Member Free Trial Daily Newsletter Subscriber FAQs ONLINE Biz Directory Fairfield Business Journal Digital Paper Westchester Business Journal Digital Paper Newsletter Copyright Westfair Business Publications • All rights reserved • Westfair Communications Inc. • 3 Westchester Park Drive, Suite G7 • White Plains, NY 10604-3407 • Tel: (914) 694-3600
