Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Monday January 16 2017 Join nowLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access now Business Big brand distributor set for sale Shannon-based STL sets up company to aid takeover for Johnson Brothers Brian Carey January 15 2017, 12:01am, The Sunday Times Johnson Brothers which holds the agency to market and distribute brands such as WeetabixGETTY Johnson Brothers, one of the biggest distributor of consumer goods in the country, is the subject of a takeover approach that could see the business change hands in the coming months. The company — which holds the agency to market and distribute Procter & Gamble brands, among others — is part of the STL Logistic Group and employs more than 200 staff. Headed by the low-profile Michael O’Riordan, the Shannon-based STL is a large logistics company with operations in Ireland, the UK and the continent. It bought the sales and marketing distributor Johnson Brothers in 2008. A document filed in the Companies Office shows that a new company, Shannon Transport Limerick Holdings, has been established to facilitate the sale of Johnson Brothers. It states that… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article.Get access now Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
