Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl SocialTimes Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl SocialTimes More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Kitcatt Nohr Founders Sue Publicis for Allegedly Misleading Them About a Failing Relationship with P&G Advertisement NEXT:W+K, Barton F. Graf Vet Scott Vitrone Joins Figliulo&Partners as Partner, Chief Creative Officer PREVIOUS:Tuesday Odds and Ends Agencies Kitcatt Nohr Founders Sue Publicis for Allegedly Misleading Them About a Failing Relationship with P&G By Erik Oster on Feb. 14, 2017 - 5:07 PMComment The founders of Kitcatt Nohr Alexander Shaw, the independent U.K. agency that sold to Publicis in 2011 are suing Publicis Groupe for up to £8.5m, Campaign reports. Publicis bought the shop in 2011 to merge with the London office of DigitasLBi. The acquisition was structured around an earn-out tied to the future performance of KNAS. Upon finding out that DigitasLBi’ P&G account represented a majority of its revenue, KNAS sought reassurances about the strength of the relationship, according to Campaign. Digitas’ global chief financial officer (at the time) Joseph Tomasulo informed KNAS that while it had “the confidence of a retainer.” As we now know, that was not true. In an opening statement, Andrew Sutcliffe, a lawyer representing KNAS, said Publicis withheld “critical information” from the agency’s shareholders in “circumstances so appalling that Publicis’ own employees have subsequently reacted with embarrassment and guilt.” According to the lawyer, despite Digitas’ reassurances about its relationship with P&G, the “impending loss of Digitas UK’s P&G business had in fact been widely anticipated within Publicis and DigitasLBi UK since as early as July 2010.” KNAS then learned that the agency had lost a significant portion of the P&G business “just a few weeks” after signing the agreement. Another portion of the lawsuit concerns a “binding agreement” KNAS claims occurred with Publicis in 2012 dealing with adjustments so their earn-out was not impacted by the loss of the P&G business, but Publicis Groupe denied in 2014 that any such agreement had been reached. In addition to Tomasulo, now executive vice president and chief financial officer at IPG’s R/GA, other individuals named in the case include former Digitas CEO and current Publicis Media president of data, technology and innovation Stephan Beringer and former Digitas finance director, current Publicis Media U.K. chief finance director Charlotte Frijns. Kitcatt Nohr continues as an agency today, with clients including Sky, Nissan and Bupa, led by managing director Hattie Whiting. Current employees are not involved in the case. “Publicis Groupe’s policy is to not make any comment about pending litigation, other than to say that we are vigorously defending ourselves against the claims,” a Publicis spokesperson told Campaign in a statement. The news follows another legal claim against Publicis earlier this month, when former MSLGroup China CEO Faith Brewit filed a gender discrimination lawsuit with the Shanghai Arbitration Bureau against the holding company. Image: Kitcatt and Nohr (from Campaign) < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Ad Sales Haute Living Inc. Miami, FL Smithsonian Media Ad Sales Internship Smithsonian Enterprises New York City, New York (US) Digital Marketing Specialist Liquisite- eMazzanti Hoboken, New Jersey Account Manager Creative Circle Minneapolis, Minnesota Senior Advertising Product Manager - Video Applications Verizon Waltham, Massachusetts See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl SocialTimes About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl SocialTimes More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trian takes $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble By Reuters Published: 19:06 EST, 14 February 2017 | Updated: 19:06 EST, 14 February 2017 e-mail By Michael Flaherty Feb 14 (Reuters) - Trian Fund Management LP disclosed a $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble Co on Tuesday, taking aim at the maker of Pampers diapers as it moves to boost sales and shed unprofitable brands. Trian's stake is the activist investor's largest ever position in a company and comes at a time when P&G's efforts to slim down has struggled to boost its stock much beyond where it traded two years ago. Moving to focus more on core products, including Tide detergent and Gillette razors, the company sold 41 of its brands last year, including Clairol and COVERGIRL, to Coty Inc for $12.5 billion. (http://reut.rs/2jfL6nV) But with a market value of $225 billion, Cincinnati's P&G remains an industry behemoth that Trian will likely want to shrink even further. "(Trian)could argue that the brand sales ... did not go far enough to create a faster growing company," said CLSA analyst Caroline Levy, adding that P&G's beauty business could perform better as a standalone company. "Continued share losses in many categories, especially skin care, point to a need for faster change." P&G Spokesman Damon Jones said Trian's filing was the first knowledge the company had of the investor's position. "P&G welcomes investment in our company. We will continue to do what we always do," Jones told Reuters. Trian's stake makes it the second activist in five years to target the company. Pershing Square Capital Management invested in P&G in 2012, calling for the ouster of its then CEO, Robert McDonald. McDonald was replaced a year later, and in May 2014, Pershing exited the position. P&G's stock closed at $87.86 on Tuesday, a few dollars above where it traded this time two years ago. BIG MOVE Trian, founded in 2005 by Nelson Peltz, Ed Garden and Peter May, focuses mainly on consumer brand companies, industrial firms, and financial companies. The New York-based firm is known for making large investments in a small amount of companies where it pushes for board representation and strategic moves that will increase revenues while reducing expenses. Peltz, whose firm did not disclose a single new investment last year, hinted in December that Trian was building a new position. The tip set off wide speculation on where Trian was aiming - a guessing game among bankers and investors that was put to rest on Tuesday. P&G's deadline for nominating directors to the company's board is June 13, according to its proxy. Should Trian pursue board representation, the two sides have four months to work out an agreement before the activist would need to launch its own director slate. But it is unclear what Trian's intentions are at the moment. P&G usually holds its annual meeting in October. The company reported better-than-expected quarterly sales last month, with its health care unit, which sells Oral-B and Vicks, being its best performing business. It warned that it would reduce overall sales growth in 2017 by 2 to 3 percentage points. The health care and beauty business, which houses brands like Head & Shoulders and Olay, together accounted for about 30 percent of P&G's total sales. (Additional reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Bernard Orr and Andrew Hay) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July Crisis on the cobbles! Coronation Street bosses 'at loggerheads over disturbing child grooming storyline'... as viewers express their 'discomfort' Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' 'I'm SO embarrassed': Atomic Kitten's Michelle Heaton is left red-faced when Lorraine Kelly grills her on being sick out of a taxi while on Australian tour 'He's on his way!' Kirk Norcross gets some rest as his mystery girlfriend goes into labour... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model 'You make me and mum smile every single day': Dan Osborne shares sweet posts of daughter Ella with Jacqueline Jossa as their toddler turns two  Damian Lewis reveals spouse Helen McCrory is worried their children will speak with American accents... as he discusses the stress of doing TV dramas George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri Model mother! Lara Bingle dotes over son Rocket Zot and her precious newborn as she jets out of New York  'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Wiseguyreports.Com Adds "Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2022" To Its Research Database Pune, India - February 14, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Industry Description This report studies sales (consumption) of Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe and Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Proctor & Gamble Unilever PLC Henkel AG Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc SC Johnson & Son Thymes, LLC Crabtree & Evelyn AkzoNobel NV Akzo Nobel N.V. Arkema Group BOC Royal Dutch Shell PLC Chemours Company Aveflor A.S. Aeropres Corporation Honeywell International Diversified CPC International Emirates Gas LLC Shanghai Cal Custom Manufacturing & Aerosol Propellant Jiutai Energy Group Grillo Werke AG TSI Brechtel Topas Palas Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/958974-global-aerosol-spf-and-aerosol-propellants-sales-market-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/958974-global-aerosol-spf-and-aerosol-propellants-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Sales Market Report 2017 1 Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants 1.2 Classification of Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants 1.2.1 Type I 1.2.2 Type II 1.3 Application of Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants 1.3.1 Application 1 1.3.2 Application 2 1.4 Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Market by Regions 1.4.1 United States Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) ... 9 Global Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Manufacturers Analysis 9.1 Proctor & Gamble 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Product Type, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Proctor & Gamble Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Unilever PLC 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Product Type, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Unilever PLC Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Henkel AG 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Product Type, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Henkel AG Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Product Type, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 SC Johnson & Son 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Product Type, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 SC Johnson & Son Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 Thymes, LLC 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Product Type, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Product A 9.6.2.2 Product B 9.6.3 Thymes, LLC Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 Crabtree & Evelyn 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Product Type, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Product A 9.7.2.2 Product B 9.7.3 Crabtree & Evelyn Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.8 AkzoNobel NV 9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.8.2 Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Product Type, Application and Specification 9.8.2.1 Product A 9.8.2.2 Product B 9.8.3 AkzoNobel NV Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.9 Akzo Nobel N.V. 9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.9.2 Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Product Type, Application and Specification 9.9.2.1 Product A 9.9.2.2 Product B 9.9.3 Akzo Nobel N.V. Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.10 Arkema Group 9.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.10.2 Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Product Type, Application and Specification 9.10.2.1 Product A 9.10.2.2 Product B 9.10.3 Arkema Group Aerosol, SPF and Aerosol Propellants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.11 BOC 9.12 Royal Dutch Shell PLC 9.13 Chemours Company 9.14 Aveflor A.S. 9.15 Aeropres Corporation 9.16 Honeywell International 9.17 Diversified CPC International 9.18 Emirates Gas LLC 9.19 Shanghai Cal Custom Manufacturing & Aerosol Propellant 9.20 Jiutai Energy Group 9.21 Grillo Werke AG 9.22 TSI 9.23 Brechtel 9.24 Topas 9.25 Palas Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=958974 Continued... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/aerosol-spf-and-aerosol-propellants-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/169629 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/958974-global-aerosol-spf-and-aerosol-propellants-sales-market-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 169629 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Glass Wool Insulation Material Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities And Forecast To 2022 (Thu 16th Feb 17) Customized Denture Material Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities And Forecast To 2022 (Thu 16th Feb 17) Global Baby Food Packaging Market Analysis, Growth, Share, Industry Trends And Analysis, Forecast To 2022 (Thu 16th Feb 17) Machine to Machine Market Type, Application, Specification, Technology And Forecast To 2022 (Thu 16th Feb 17) Dental Laboratory Workstations Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities And Forecast To 2022 (Thu 16th Feb 17) Organic Cocoa Market Forecast To 2022 With Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, And SWOT Analysis (Thu 16th Feb 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News 3 Ways Procter &amp; Gamble Co. Is Beating the Competition Procter & Gamble (NYSE: PG) is on stronger footing these days. Its fourth-quarter expansion pace recently edged past Kimberly-Clark ‘s(NYSE: KMB) for the first time in over two years. Sales volumes were nearly as high as Unilever ‘s(NYSE: UL) , too. Yet P&G is still on track to lose a slice of market share this year even as it closes that critical gap with rivals. Still, there are some important areas that P&G comes out well ahead of its peers. Image source: Getty Images. Profitability The company is one of the most profitable in its peer group, for one. Gross profit margin improved by nearly a full percentage point last quarter as its efficiency gains far outweighed the impact of higher commodity costs. Currency exchange rates significantly understate that profitability gain. Strip out the currency shifts and the company’s gross margin actually rose by 1.2 percentage points, thanks to over 2 percentage points of gains from its $10 billion cost-cutting program . PG Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts . Operating margin improved to 22% last quarter, putting it well ahead of Unilever’s 15% and Kimberly-Clark’s 18%. In fact, only Colgate (NYSE: CL) has P&G beat in this core metric. Marketing Few companies in the world can claim anything approaching Procter & Gamble’s marketing strength. It invests nearly $5 billion in advertising each year, making it the single biggest spender on the market. Image source: P&G investor presentation. Its marketing program is about much more than just ads. P&G also has the biggest sampling program around . Through partnerships with hospitals around the country, it delivers test packs of Pampers diapers to a whopping 70% of new moms each year. That program has helped expand the franchise’s market share lead over Kimberly-Clark’s Huggies recently. The same goes for Gillette’s premium razors, which P&G sends to millions of young men in hopes of creating lifelong customers. Unilever can try to challenge that brand’s dominant hold on the market, and it has found some success with approaches like the Dollar Shave Club subscription offering. It’s hard to make big gains against a franchise that’s backed up by such a relentless stream of marketing support, though. Cash returns P&G’s dividend yield is just below most of its rivals, and its recent growth pace trails peers, too. The company’s 1% raise last year was its smallest in over a decade, and was trounced by the 5% increase Kimberly-Clark just announced. Zoom out and consider its broader capital return program, though, and you’ll find that P&G can’t be matched in this area. Kimberly-Clark sent $2 billion to shareholders over the last 12 months while Procter & Gamble, with help from its aggressive brand divestment program, is on track to deliver $22 billion to its owners . That equates to almost 10% of its market capitalization, or double Kimberly-Clark’s commitment. PG Stock Buybacks (TTM) data by YCharts . P&G isn’t planning another multibillion dollar brand sale on par with 2015’s Duracell exchange or last year’s beauty product divestment. Yet the company still plans to send about $18 billion back to shareholders, mainly through stock repurchases, over each of the next two fiscal years. Management’s hope is that by that time P&G will be growing at a fast-enough pace, and with strong-enough profitability, to push overall shareholder returns back to market-thumping levels. The company isn’t enjoying balanced sales and earnings gains yet, but it is at least moving in that direction. Its core earnings are set to grow for the first time in three years in 2017 as sales gains finally accelerate after a brutal stretch of declining or flat organic revenue. 10 stocks we like better than Procter and Gamble When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Procter and Gamble wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of February 6, 2017 Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, lose, Markets, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Why Constellium NV’s Shares Popped 15% Today Next PostNext Nike Inc.’s Manufacturing Innovation — What to Watch in 2017 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm After-hours buzz: PG, AIG, FOSL & more Rachel Cao | @rachelyicao Tuesday, 14 Feb 2017 | 6:19 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Andrew Burton | Getty Images NYSE Trader Check out which companies are making headlines after the bell on Tuesday: Shares of Proctor & Gamble surged more than 3 percent during extended trade after CNBC reported Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund Management is taking a $3.5 billion stake in the company. AIG shares dipped more than 3 percent during extended-trading after the insurance company reported a fourth quarter loss. The largest commercial insurer in the U.S and Canada posted a loss of $2.96 a share, compared to Street expectations for an adjusted per-share loss of 61 cents a share, according to FactSet. Shares of Fossil tanked more than 11 percent in after-hours trade following fourth-quarter results that disappointed on the top and bottom line. The company reported earnings of $1.03 per share on revenue of $959 million while analysts expected earnings of $1.18 on revenue of $977 million, according to Thomson Reuters consensus estimates. Berkshire Hathaway's 13-F filing on Tuesday led to several stocks ticking up after the bell. The company upped its stakes in a number of airlines including Southwest, Delta and American Airlines. The stocks each ticked up more than 1 percent after hours. Warren Buffett'scompany also disclosed an increased ownership in Apple as well as a $750,000 position in Sirius XM and $850,000 stake in Monsanto, leading the stocks to tick up 3 and 1 percent, respectively. Fortress Investment Group shares skyrocketed more than 22 percent during extended trading following a Wall Street Journal report, citing people familiar with the matter, that SoftBank is nearing a deal to buy the investment management firm for more than $3 billion. Rachel CaoSpecial to CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change 9984.T ---
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Stadiums Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Stadiums Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects Stadiums FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Stadium Journey Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. Sniper's Hide The #1 source of information for the world of long-range shooting and precision marksmanship. Deadliest Blogger Military history from ancient battles to modern warfare. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. Fishulo Where to go and what to use to catch more fish in Canada. YakFishTV Showing the world what kayak fishing is all about. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. The Buck Advisors Expert advice for whitetail deer hunters. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Stadium Journey The authority for stadium reviews, rankings, and ratings. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums Team Info Roster Standings Player Stats Team Stats Scoreboard Schedule Transactions Stadium Upcoming Events Prospects IBI Rankings MiLB Rosters Transactions Released Players Rule 5 Instructional League MiLB Rankings News Draft Draft Central FAQ 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 Archive Reference Depth Chart Payroll Remaining Options Coaching History Free Agents Winter Ball Assignments Tony Awards Affiliate History IBI Lineup IBI Books CLE4ME Shop Gear Tickets Gift Subscription Join AP Cleveland Indians promote Brian Barren to president of business operations John Alfes Monday at 8:04 AM After 24 years at Proctor & Gamble and four years with the Cleveland Indians, Brian Barren was announced as the club's new president of business operations on Monday morning. A position in the business operations department has been filled with a deserving name. The Cleveland Indians announced the promotion of Brian Barren as the organization's newest president of business operations on Monday morning. Previously, Barren spent 24 years at Procter & Gamble and four years as the Executive Vice president of Sales and Marketing with the Tribe. “I have worked closely with Brian during his time with us and am confident his leadership will guide our business operation in a very positive direction,” said owner Paul Dolan. Barren was the leader for numerous business teams for many of P&G's brands and partnerships including Wal-Mart and Kroger. His resume landed him a job with the Indians in January of 2014. Barren's new role entails an oversight of the business operations of the franchise. “Under his leadership to date we have experienced strong growth and capability building to ensure our success is as sustainable as possible,” Dolan said. John Alfes has covered the Indians for IBI since August of 2016. Follow him on Twitter @JohnAlfes for breaking news and in-depth coverage all season long.   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Spring Notes 2/14: Brantley taking it slow 2017 IBI Preview Capsule: Chris Colabello Sizemore is new advisor to player development 2017 IBI Preview Capsule: Kyle Crockett 2017 IBI Top 75 Prospects: #62 Will Roberts Indians Baseball Insider Top Stories 2017 IBI Top 75 Prospects: #61 Hoby Milner The 2017 prospect countdown continues with an intriguing left-handed pen arm the Indians picked up in the Rule 5 Draft this past December who will be given a long look this spring… by Tony Lastoria Indians Baseball InsiderYesterday at 12:05 PM Spring Notes 2/15: Baker wins endurance testThe annual endurance test for pitchers and catchers was held at the end of Wednesday's workouts in Goodyear, AZ. While names like Roberto Perez, Yan Gomes and Mike Clevinger all… by John Alfes Indians Baseball InsiderYesterday at 11:05 AM An offseason Q&A With Carter Hawkins (Part 1) During the Akron RubberDucks inaugural Hot Stove Banquet, the IBI's Jake Dungan and Daniel Sherriff caught up with newly-promoted Indians Assistant General Manager Carter Hawkins… by Jake Dungan Indians Baseball InsiderYesterday at 7:00 AM 2017 IBI Preview Capsule: Kyle Crockett Kyle Crockett's meteoric rise to the majors followed by an impressive rookie campaign hinted at him being a long-term answer for the matchup lefty role in the Indians bullpen. Now… by Jake Dungan Indians Baseball InsiderYesterday at 5:00 AM Storylines: Reyes likely heading for surgeryThe Cardinals suffered a big blow to their pitching staff on Tuesday as one of their up-and-coming stars in the rotation came down with a serious arm injury... by Daniel Sherriff Indians Baseball InsiderTuesday at 9:48 PM Spring Notes 2/14: Brantley taking it slowThe first organized pitchers and catchers workout took place on Tuesday from the Cleveland Indians spring training complex in Goodyear, AZ. Although there was no news pertaining to… by John Alfes Indians Baseball InsiderTuesday at 6:23 PM 2017 IBI Top 75 Prospects: #62 Will Roberts The 2017 prospect countdown continues with a familiar face who is entering his seventh season in the Indians system, but who is working his way back from a significant injury... by Tony Lastoria Indians Baseball InsiderTuesday at 1:02 PM Breaking News Sizemore is new advisor to player developmentIt has been six years, but Grady Sizemore has made his way back to the Cleveland Indians. This time, the 34-year-old MLB veteran will be joining the organization as an advisor to… by John Alfes Indians Baseball InsiderTuesday at 9:49 AM Breaking News Indians add another left-hander in NarvesonIn the span of 48 hours, the Cleveland Indians acquired two left-handed relievers on minor league contracts with non-roster invites to big league camp. LHP Chris Narveson was… by John Alfes Indians Baseball InsiderTuesday at 9:10 AM 2017 IBI Preview Capsule: Chris Colabello A year removed from his 80-game suspension for performance-enhancing drug use, Chris Colabello is looking for redemption. While the Indians may have signed him to a minor league… by Jake Dungan Indians Baseball InsiderTuesday at 8:00 AM Storylines: Nationals ink LindThe Nationals signed Adam Lind to a one year deal on Monday, plus all the other news and notes from around the league... by Daniel Sherriff Indians Baseball InsiderTuesday at 5:02 AM Love and the No-hitterWith love in the air for Valentine's Day today, the IBI's Richard Foderaro takes us back 40 years when he took his wife on a date the ballpark and witnessed history... by Richard Foderaro Indians Baseball InsiderTuesday at 4:54 AMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up CBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Noteworthy Monday Option Activity: PG, ULTA, M Shutterstock photo Looking at options trading activity among components of the S&P 500 index, there is noteworthy activity today in Procter & Gamble Co. (Symbol: PG), where a total volume of 41,515 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 4.2 million underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). That number works out to 43% of PG’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 9.6 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $85 strike put option expiring March 17, 2017 , with 9,200 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 920,000 underlying shares of PG. Below is a chart showing PG’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $85 strike highlighted in orange: Ulta Beauty Inc (Symbol: ULTA) saw options trading volume of 2,294 contracts, representing approximately 229,400 underlying shares or approximately 41.7% of ULTA’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 550,050 shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $220 strike put option expiring February 17, 2017 , with 255 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 25,500 underlying shares of ULTA. Below is a chart showing ULTA’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $220 strike highlighted in orange: And Macy’s Inc (Symbol: M) options are showing a volume of 41,905 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 4.2 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 41.1% of M’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 10.2 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $35 strike call option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 5,775 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 577,500 underlying shares of M. Below is a chart showing M’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $35 strike highlighted in orange: For the various different available expirations for PG options , ULTA options , or M options , visit StockOptionsChannel.com. Today’s Most Active Call & Put Options of the S&P 500 » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious See Which Of The Latest 13F Filers Holds Occidental Petroleum Next PostNext Advanced Endodontics of Westchester Now Welcomes New Patients for Skilled, Microscope-Assisted Root Canals in White Plains, NY Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers CarsIreland.ie Blog Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Six Nations Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Media & Marketing Thursday 16 February 2017 John McGee: Time to drag the dark side of digital ads into the light The largest advertiser in the world has just called time on the opaque and complex practices that have dogged the digital advertising industry John McGee Published 12/02/2017 | 02:30 0 Comments Share John McGee: Time to drag the dark side of digital ads into the light Independent.ie When Marc Pritchard speaks, people sit up and take note. Like a modern day Delphic Oracle, his sage-like insights and views are pored over with great enthusiasm and analysed in minute detail by the global marketing and advertising community. Rather than calling it a shovel or a manual earth mover - as some marketers might be inclined to - Pritchard prefers to call it a spade. http://www.independent.ie/business/media/john-mcgee-time-to-drag-the-dark-side-of-digital-ads-into-the-light-35443163.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35184091.ece/61a91/AUTOCROP/h342/stock-supermarket_app.jpg Email 'As global marketing and brand officer for Procter & Gamble (P&G), the 56-year old Californian oversees some of the biggest brands in the world' (stock picture) When Marc Pritchard speaks, people sit up and take note. Like a modern day Delphic Oracle, his sage-like insights and views are pored over with great enthusiasm and analysed in minute detail by the global marketing and advertising community. Rather than calling it a shovel or a manual earth mover - as some marketers might be inclined to - Pritchard prefers to call it a spade. Share John McGee: Time to drag the dark side of digital ads into the light Independent.ie When Marc Pritchard speaks, people sit up and take note. Like a modern day Delphic Oracle, his sage-like insights and views are pored over with great enthusiasm and analysed in minute detail by the global marketing and advertising community. Rather than calling it a shovel or a manual earth mover - as some marketers might be inclined to - Pritchard prefers to call it a spade. http://www.independent.ie/business/media/john-mcgee-time-to-drag-the-dark-side-of-digital-ads-into-the-light-35443163.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35184091.ece/61a91/AUTOCROP/h342/stock-supermarket_app.jpg Email Go To Comments As global marketing and brand officer for Procter & Gamble (P&G), the 56-year old Californian oversees some of the biggest brands in the world. Look around your kitchen or bathroom and there's a good chance you will find at least one of its many brands, including the likes of Gillette, Olay, Pampers, Head & Shoulders, Tampax, Fairy, Braun, OralB, Old Spice, Vicks and, that great divinatory device of choice for aspiring parents, Clearblue. Founded 180 years ago by two immigrants - William Procter and the Enniskillen-born and reared James Gamble - P&G is now one of the largest manufacturers of consumer-facing brands in the world. The most recent full year's results for P&G showed that it clocked up sales of €61bn and profits of €9.81bn. Presiding over a gargantuan advertising budget that was in the region of €2.8bn in 2016 as well as several hundred marketing agencies around the world, including several in Ireland, it's no real surprise that marketers and ad agencies hang on his every word. With a total of 65 brands, which were sold to over five billion customers last year, not only is it the biggest advertiser in the world but P&G is in many ways a global bellwether for all companies trying to sell their goods to increasingly fickle and often hard to target consumers. So when Pritchard stood up to address the US IAB Annual Leadership summit in Florida two weeks ago, the room was all ears. By the end of his relatively short 3,000-word address, however, not only was the room gobsmacked but within hours his views on the problems dogging the industry had reverberated throughout the global marketing and advertising community. After a fairly benign introduction, during which he emphasised the importance of and need for creativity in advertising, Pritchard launched a bombardment against what he called the "dark side" of the digital advertising industry, its lack of transparency and the growing problem of ad fraud, ad blocking and self-certified metrics from publishers such as Facebook and Google. "We have a media supply chain that is murky at best and fraudulent at worst. We need to clean it up, and invest the time and money we save into better advertising to drive growth. It's time we come together, put down our finger-pointers and solve these problems - all of us - marketers, agencies, publishers, ad tech platforms, suppliers," he told his somewhat startled audience. "We serve ads to consumers through a non-transparent media supply chain with spotty compliance to common standards, unreliable measurement, hidden rebates and new inventions like bot and methbot fraud," he added. While he confessed that P&G was one of the first to embrace all the shiny new things that digital advertising promised and that, in the past, it accepted the "multiple viewability metrics, publisher self-reporting with no verification, outdated agency contracts, and fraud threats - with the somewhat delusional thought that digital is different and that we were getting ahead of the digital curve. We've come to our senses... and the jig is now up." While he accepted some responsibility for allowing the issues go unchecked, particularly in relation to undisclosed rebates to media agencies, the company was "poring over every agency contract for full transparency by the end of 2017 to include terms requiring funds to be used for media payment only, all rebates to be disclosed and returned, and all transactions subject to audit." But he also admitted that agencies need to be profitable too and that clients need to be mindful of this. "Having unprofitable agencies is not good business, and can lead to practices we don't want, so we're taking a closer look at matching fees to services to create joint value with our partners." Why does all of this matter? Apart from the fact that P&G is the biggest advertiser in the world and has a right to call it out, Pritchard also pointed out that better advertising, greater transparency, more reliable metrics and a de-cluttered and "clean" supply chain will drive growth for brands. Therein lies the challenge for the stakeholders in the advertising industry. The days of having a highly fragmented, complex and opaque industry, sometimes tainted by capricious practices, are now over. While the writing has been on the wall for some time, the industry now needs to act swiftly to sort out the mess that it created while at same time doubling down on imparting the message that advertising and marketing, can and does deliver substantial returns on investment. Contact John McGee at john@adworld.ie Sunday Indo Business Follow @Indobusiness Read More AdLib: Time to get set for Google Shopping  Michael Cullen While search engine giant Google is prompting fake news queries of its own these days, last year saw some game changers for paid search. Mediaworks' head of search and analytics, Shane Lyons, says right-hand side ads were removed, expanded text ads rolled out and, for many advertisers, it was the year that mobile overtook desktop traffic for... RTE seeks design agency for Saorview as 'Connect' nears  RTE has put the design contract for its Saorview service out to tender. Half of all jobs will be obsolete by 2030, inaugural tech summit told  Sean Duffy Ireland's importance as a technology hub was underlined yesterday as 10,000 people flocked to the inaugural Dublin Tech Summit to learn from leading lights in the industry. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Ireland's live entertainment scene is one of the most vibrant in Europe - and a big...  Media & Marketing AdLib: Time to get set for Google Shopping  Media & Marketing Virgin Media backs new €3m TV3 drama as broadcaster develops indigenous...  Media & Marketing VIDEO: 'Today is only a cod' Comedy duo give hilariously Irish approach to Valentine's Day  Video Hopefuls queue overnight to get a foot in the door  Property & Mortgages 'I think the latest thing, with HSE and Tusla and the guards, has been just vile' - Sgt...  Irish News Man keeps job at museum despite sexually harassing colleague  Irish News Epic new poem offers snapshot of all that's great - and infuriating - about Ireland in 2017  Festivals From Kenny to Zappone, and from McCabe to Fitzgerald: the winners and losers after a scarcely-credible week of controversy European Commission prosecuting Ireland for 'failing to stop raw sewage entering waters' Kremlin says New York Times article quoting four official sources is 'not based on facts' FF leader Martin suggests Taoiseach misled him during phonecall this week Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business AdLib: Time to get set for Google Shopping While search engine giant Google is prompting fake news queries of its own... RTE seeks design agency for Saorview as 'Connect' nears RTE has put the design contract for its Saorview service out to tender. Half of all jobs will be obsolete by 2030, inaugural tech summit told Ireland's importance as a technology hub was... Online jobs site Indeed to hire 500 new people in Dublin, and the perks are pretty... Online recruitment firm Indeed is to double its Irish... Steve Dempsey: German giant's distribution partnership may be bad news for publishers A slew of distributed platforms have been... Ireland's live entertainment scene is one of the most vibrant in Europe - and a... Ireland's live entertainment scene is one of the... Virgin Media backs new €3m TV3 drama as broadcaster develops indigenous... TV3 has secured funding from the Virgin Media... John McGee: Time to drag the dark side of digital ads into the light When Marc Pritchard speaks, people sit up... Ahead of schedule: Kiely is aiming for dramatic growth at TV3 with the help of soaps Almost 20 years ago, Pat Kiely was a young... Independent.ie hits a new record high of 12 million users Independent.ie reached a record 12 million unique users for January 2017. VIDEO: Irish tech firms need to do more to bridge gender gap, Wrike director tells... Tech firms in Ireland need to do more to bridge... VIDEO: Thinking about bringing the dog on holiday? Check out Woof Advisor first Woof Advisor is a platform designed to help pet... VIDEO: Ireland’s tallest building under construction at Dublin’s Capital Dock Dublin's skyline is once again busy with cranes. hp_kyran.mp4 How better animal husbandry can make a herd more profitable VIDEO: How Much Is Your House Worth? Ireland's most comprehensive survey of prices shows calm in the capital, heated... VIDEO: Facebook takes fake news ' very seriously' Nicola Mendelsohn, Facebook's Vice President for Europe, the Middle East and... VIDEO: Russia releases silver Trump commemorative coin A Russian company has issued silver coins with Donald Trump's face on them to... VIDEO - May: Maintaining common travel area with Ireland a priority 'The family ties and bonds of affection that... VIDEO: Take a first look at the brand new Nintendo Switch Some lucky gamers get first dibs on the new Nintendo Switch console before it... Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Six Nations Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Trian takes $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Tue Feb 14, 2017 | 6:58pm EST Trian takes $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble FILE PHOTO - The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company Procter & Gamble (PG) is seen on a tube of toothpaste in Los Angeles, California, United States, April 25, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson By Michael Flaherty Trian Fund Management LP disclosed a $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG.N) on Tuesday, taking aim at the maker of Pampers diapers as it moves to boost sales and shed unprofitable brands. Trian's stake is the activist investor's largest ever position in a company and comes at a time when P&G's efforts to slim down has struggled to boost its stock much beyond where it traded two years ago. Moving to focus more on core products, including Tide detergent and Gillette razors, the company sold 41 of its brands last year, including Clairol and COVERGIRL, to Coty Inc (COTY.N) for $12.5 billion. (reut.rs/2jfL6nV) But with a market value of $225 billion, Cincinnati's P&G remains an industry behemoth that Trian will likely want to shrink even further. "(Trian)could argue that the brand sales ... did not go far enough to create a faster growing company," said CLSA analyst Caroline Levy, adding that P&G's beauty business could perform better as a standalone company. "Continued share losses in many categories, especially skin care, point to a need for faster change." P&G Spokesman Damon Jones said Trian's filing was the first knowledge the company had of the investor's position. "P&G welcomes investment in our company. We will continue to do what we always do," Jones told Reuters. Trian's stake makes it the second activist in five years to target the company. Pershing Square Capital Management invested in P&G in 2012, calling for the ouster of its then CEO, Robert McDonald. McDonald was replaced a year later, and in May 2014, Pershing exited the position. P&G's stock closed at $87.86 on Tuesday, a few dollars above where it traded this time two years ago. BIG MOVE Trian, founded in 2005 by Nelson Peltz, Ed Garden and Peter May, focuses mainly on consumer brand companies, industrial firms, and financial companies. The New York-based firm is known for making large investments in a small amount of companies where it pushes for board representation and strategic moves that will increase revenues while reducing expenses. Peltz, whose firm did not disclose a single new investment last year, hinted in December that Trian was building a new position. The tip set off wide speculation on where Trian was aiming - a guessing game among bankers and investors that was put to rest on Tuesday. P&G's deadline for nominating directors to the company's board is June 13, according to its proxy. Should Trian pursue board representation, the two sides have four months to work out an agreement before the activist would need to launch its own director slate. But it is unclear what Trian's intentions are at the moment. P&G usually holds its annual meeting in October. The company reported better-than-expected quarterly sales last month, with its health care unit, which sells Oral-B and Vicks, being its best performing business. It warned that it would reduce overall sales growth in 2017 by 2 to 3 percentage points. The health care and beauty business, which houses brands like Head & Shoulders and Olay, together accounted for about 30 percent of P&G's total sales. (Additional reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Bernard Orr and Andrew Hay) Next In Deals Consultancy files complaints with Chinese government over McDonald's China sale HONG KONG A Chinese consultancy that has previously helped to win antitrust battles against Coca-Cola and Apple has taken aim at McDonald's Corp, arguing in a complaint to regulators that the American fast food giant's China sale may hurt workers and consumers. Anthem sues Cigna to block termination of merger Anthem Inc on Wednesday won a temporary restraining order that blocks smaller rival Cigna Corp from officially terminating their proposed $54 billion merger, a transaction already rejected by U.S. antitrust regulators. AccorHotels signs deals to open three hotels in Ethiopia ADDIS ABABA Europe's largest hotel group AccorHotels , will open three hotels in Ethiopia by 2021, becoming the latest international chain to tap into the growing business and tourism sectors in the country. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Fleeing to Canada from the U.S. Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Trian takes US$3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Trian takes US$3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble Trian Fund Management LP disclosed a US$3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble Co on Tuesday, taking aim at the maker of Pampers diapers as it moves to boost sales and shed unprofitable brands. Posted 15 Feb 2017 06:40 Updated 15 Feb 2017 08:10 FILE PHOTO - The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company Procter & Gamble (PG) is seen on a tube of toothpaste in Los Angeles, California, United States, April 25, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Trian Fund Management LP disclosed a US$3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble Co on Tuesday, taking aim at the maker of Pampers diapers as it moves to boost sales and shed unprofitable brands. Trian's stake is the activist investor's largest ever position in a company and comes at a time when P&G's efforts to slim down has struggled to boost its stock much beyond where it traded two years ago. Moving to focus more on core products, including Tide detergent and Gillette razors, the company sold 41 of its brands last year, including Clairol and COVERGIRL, to Coty Inc for US$12.5 billion. (http://reut.rs/2jfL6nV) But with a market value of US$225 billion, Cincinnati's P&G remains an industry behemoth that Trian will likely want to shrink even further. "(Trian)could argue that the brand sales ... did not go far enough to create a faster growing company," said CLSA analyst Caroline Levy, adding that P&G's beauty business could perform better as a standalone company. "Continued share losses in many categories, especially skin care, point to a need for faster change." P&G Spokesman Damon Jones said Trian's filing was the first knowledge the company had of the investor's position. "P&G welcomes investment in our company. We will continue to do what we always do," Jones told Reuters. Trian's stake makes it the second activist in five years to target the company. Pershing Square Capital Management invested in P&G in 2012, calling for the ouster of its then CEO, Robert McDonald. McDonald was replaced a year later, and in May 2014, Pershing exited the position. P&G's stock closed at US$87.86 on Tuesday, a few dollars above where it traded this time two years ago. BIG MOVE Trian, founded in 2005 by Nelson Peltz, Ed Garden and Peter May, focuses mainly on consumer brand companies, industrial firms, and financial companies. The New York-based firm is known for making large investments in a small amount of companies where it pushes for board representation and strategic moves that will increase revenues while reducing expenses. Peltz, whose firm did not disclose a single new investment last year, hinted in December that Trian was building a new position. The tip set off wide speculation on where Trian was aiming - a guessing game among bankers and investors that was put to rest on Tuesday. P&G's deadline for nominating directors to the company's board is June 13, according to its proxy. Should Trian pursue board representation, the two sides have four months to work out an agreement before the activist would need to launch its own director slate. But it is unclear what Trian's intentions are at the moment. P&G usually holds its annual meeting in October. The company reported better-than-expected quarterly sales last month, with its health care unit, which sells Oral-B and Vicks, being its best performing business. It warned that it would reduce overall sales growth in 2017 by 2 to 3 percentage points. The health care and beauty business, which houses brands like Head & Shoulders and Olay, together accounted for about 30 percent of P&G's total sales. (Additional reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Bernard Orr and Andrew Hay) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Trian takes $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble By Michael Flaherty ReutersFebruary 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE PHOTO - The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company Procter & Gamble (PG) is seen on a tube of toothpaste in Los Angeles, California, United States, April 25, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy NicholsonMore By Michael Flaherty (Reuters) - Trian Fund Management LP disclosed a $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble Co <PG.N> on Tuesday, taking aim at the maker of Pampers diapers as it moves to boost sales and shed unprofitable brands. Trian's stake is the activist investor's largest ever position in a company and comes at a time when P&G's efforts to slim down has struggled to boost its stock much beyond where it traded two years ago. Moving to focus more on core products, including Tide detergent and Gillette razors, the company sold 41 of its brands last year, including Clairol and COVERGIRL, to Coty Inc <COTY.N> for $12.5 billion. (http://reut.rs/2jfL6nV) But with a market value of $225 billion, Cincinnati's P&G remains an industry behemoth that Trian will likely want to shrink even further. "(Trian)could argue that the brand sales ... did not go far enough to create a faster growing company," said CLSA analyst Caroline Levy, adding that P&G's beauty business could perform better as a standalone company. "Continued share losses in many categories, especially skin care, point to a need for faster change." P&G Spokesman Damon Jones said Trian's filing was the first knowledge the company had of the investor's position. "P&G welcomes investment in our company. We will continue to do what we always do," Jones told Reuters. Trian's stake makes it the second activist in five years to target the company. Pershing Square Capital Management invested in P&G in 2012, calling for the ouster of its then CEO, Robert McDonald. McDonald was replaced a year later, and in May 2014, Pershing exited the position. P&G's stock closed at $87.86 on Tuesday, a few dollars above where it traded this time two years ago. BIG MOVE Trian, founded in 2005 by Nelson Peltz, Ed Garden and Peter May, focuses mainly on consumer brand companies, industrial firms, and financial companies. The New York-based firm is known for making large investments in a small amount of companies where it pushes for board representation and strategic moves that will increase revenues while reducing expenses. Peltz, whose firm did not disclose a single new investment last year, hinted in December that Trian was building a new position. The tip set off wide speculation on where Trian was aiming - a guessing game among bankers and investors that was put to rest on Tuesday. P&G's deadline for nominating directors to the company's board is June 13, according to its proxy. Should Trian pursue board representation, the two sides have four months to work out an agreement before the activist would need to launch its own director slate. But it is unclear what Trian's intentions are at the moment. P&G usually holds its annual meeting in October. The company reported better-than-expected quarterly sales last month, with its health care unit, which sells Oral-B and Vicks, being its best performing business. It warned that it would reduce overall sales growth in 2017 by 2 to 3 percentage points. The health care and beauty business, which houses brands like Head & Shoulders and Olay, together accounted for about 30 percent of P&G's total sales. (Additional reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Bernard Orr and Andrew Hay) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Trump now owns Obamacare 7537 messages3%65%32% 5 New Trucks Wheel SceneSponsored Justin Bieber might have thrown shade at The Weeknd Mom Says This Photo Shows the Ghost of Her Son Watching Over His Twin 1170 messages3%78%19% Police brutality protests in Paris suburbs 44 messages2%69%29% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Inside one of world's largest mermaid convention's fin-tastic weekend ‘Deadliest Catch’ Family Joins in Mourning the Loss of Bering Sea Brothers Aboard the F/V Destination 507 messages8%63%29% Melania Trump Is ‘Miserable’ as First Lady, ‘Unhappy With How Her Life Ended Up’ 3579 messages4%57%39% Fight 93% Of Skin Issues With This Simple Hack Gundry MDSponsored Scarlett Johansson Talks About the Challenges of Monogamy After Splitting With Romain Dauriac 3973 messages6%71%23% Photos of the day - February 15, 2017 24 messages4%92%4% Questions surround Trump associates' reported communications with Russia 1 messages The Last Diet You'll Ever Need The Mayo Clinic DietSponsored A crush of crises all but buries the young Trump White House 6480 messages4%57%39% Karlie Kloss Apologizes for ‘Racist’ Geisha-Themed Vogue Shoot 5478 messages4%56%40% Hillary Clinton shares former aide’s colorful Michael Flynn taunt Shane: You lost...please just go away. The country hates you Hillary. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5.1k Yahoo-ABC News Network Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Trian takes $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Tue Feb 14, 2017 | 6:58pm EST Trian takes $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble FILE PHOTO - The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company Procter & Gamble (PG) is seen on a tube of toothpaste in Los Angeles, California, United States, April 25, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson By Michael Flaherty Trian Fund Management LP disclosed a $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG.N) on Tuesday, taking aim at the maker of Pampers diapers as it moves to boost sales and shed unprofitable brands. Trian's stake is the activist investor's largest ever position in a company and comes at a time when P&G's efforts to slim down has struggled to boost its stock much beyond where it traded two years ago. Moving to focus more on core products, including Tide detergent and Gillette razors, the company sold 41 of its brands last year, including Clairol and COVERGIRL, to Coty Inc (COTY.N) for $12.5 billion. (reut.rs/2jfL6nV) But with a market value of $225 billion, Cincinnati's P&G remains an industry behemoth that Trian will likely want to shrink even further. "(Trian)could argue that the brand sales ... did not go far enough to create a faster growing company," said CLSA analyst Caroline Levy, adding that P&G's beauty business could perform better as a standalone company. "Continued share losses in many categories, especially skin care, point to a need for faster change." P&G Spokesman Damon Jones said Trian's filing was the first knowledge the company had of the investor's position. "P&G welcomes investment in our company. We will continue to do what we always do," Jones told Reuters. Trian's stake makes it the second activist in five years to target the company. Pershing Square Capital Management invested in P&G in 2012, calling for the ouster of its then CEO, Robert McDonald. McDonald was replaced a year later, and in May 2014, Pershing exited the position. P&G's stock closed at $87.86 on Tuesday, a few dollars above where it traded this time two years ago. BIG MOVE Trian, founded in 2005 by Nelson Peltz, Ed Garden and Peter May, focuses mainly on consumer brand companies, industrial firms, and financial companies. The New York-based firm is known for making large investments in a small amount of companies where it pushes for board representation and strategic moves that will increase revenues while reducing expenses. Peltz, whose firm did not disclose a single new investment last year, hinted in December that Trian was building a new position. The tip set off wide speculation on where Trian was aiming - a guessing game among bankers and investors that was put to rest on Tuesday. P&G's deadline for nominating directors to the company's board is June 13, according to its proxy. Should Trian pursue board representation, the two sides have four months to work out an agreement before the activist would need to launch its own director slate. But it is unclear what Trian's intentions are at the moment. P&G usually holds its annual meeting in October. The company reported better-than-expected quarterly sales last month, with its health care unit, which sells Oral-B and Vicks, being its best performing business. It warned that it would reduce overall sales growth in 2017 by 2 to 3 percentage points. The health care and beauty business, which houses brands like Head & Shoulders and Olay, together accounted for about 30 percent of P&G's total sales. (Additional reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Bernard Orr and Andrew Hay) Next In Deals Consultancy files complaints with Chinese government over McDonald's China sale HONG KONG A Chinese consultancy that has previously helped to win antitrust battles against Coca-Cola and Apple has taken aim at McDonald's Corp, arguing in a complaint to regulators that the American fast food giant's China sale may hurt workers and consumers. Anthem sues Cigna to block termination of merger Anthem Inc on Wednesday won a temporary restraining order that blocks smaller rival Cigna Corp from officially terminating their proposed $54 billion merger, a transaction already rejected by U.S. antitrust regulators. AccorHotels signs deals to open three hotels in Ethiopia ADDIS ABABA Europe's largest hotel group AccorHotels , will open three hotels in Ethiopia by 2021, becoming the latest international chain to tap into the growing business and tourism sectors in the country. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Fleeing to Canada from the U.S. Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Finance Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund takes $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble: SourcesTuesday, 14 Feb 2017 | 4:53 PM ETBreaking News SHARES show chapters Trian takes stake in P&G    Tuesday, 14 Feb 2017 | 4:30 PM ET | 03:17 Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund Management has taken a stake in Procter & Gamble. Sources told CNBC that the fund's current position is worth roughly $3.5 billion. Trian may speak with the company, but sources said that the fund has not yet done so. Shares of the company gained more than 4 percent in after-hours trade Tuesday. — Reporting by CNBC's David Faber. Written by Christine Wang. This is a breaking news story. Please check back for updates. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PG --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories NBC News drives polling change OMD is named agency network of the year Facebook launches new TV video app Mobile rises to 21% of US online spend Mattel pushes into China's toy market Extremism claims spur brands to review ads Former P&G exec reveals Febreze rethink View more news Facebook accepts MRC audit 14 February 2017 MENLO PARK, CA: Hard on the heels of Facebook's announcement it is taking steps to improve cross-channel comparability and third-party verification of data, it has agreed to undergo audits by the Media Rating Council. In a blog post at the end of last week, the social media giant stated: "We are committing to an audit by the Media Rating Council (MRC) to verify the accuracy of the information we deliver to our partners." And in a presentation to the board of the Association of National Advertisers, reported by the Wall Street Journal, Carolyn Everson, vice president of global marketing solutions at Facebook, indicated that more granular data would be supplied to third-party measurement partners, including how many ads in a campaign were viewable, how long they appeared on screens and whether the sound was on for video ads. Advertising Age further noted that advertisers would have an option to pay only for video ads when they played with the sound on or to pay only for completed views of the whole video. The moves come as the digital industry generally faces a backlash from some sectors of the advertising community, with Marc Pritchard, Procter & Gamble's Chief Brand Officer, especially vocal on the subject. Last month, he told the IAB's Annual Leadership Meeting that "We've come to our senses. We realize there is no sustainable advantage in a complicated, non-transparent, inefficient and fraudulent media supply chain". At that meeting he stated that MRC validation was now the viewability gold standard for P&G. "We're accepting a shared level of error in order to conduct business on a level playing field across platforms and publishers," he said. "But we expect all of our agencies, media suppliers, and platforms to adopt the standard during 2017 … We will no longer tolerate the ridiculous complexity of different viewability standards." And now that Facebook is on board with MRC standards, he welcomed their actions on media transparency as "a positive step forward", adding in a statement that he hoped this move "builds more momentum to create a clean and productive digital media supply chain". Data sourced from Facebook, Advertising Age, Wall Street Journal; additional content by Warc staff Read more from Warc: How to use social media effectively in the media mix Seriously Social 2016 - How social strategy can drive business results How to select the right metrics for social media Content in 2017: How video is transforming social marketing What we know about viewability Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories NBC News drives polling change OMD is named agency network of the year Facebook launches new TV video app Mobile rises to 21% of US online spend Mattel pushes into China's toy market Extremism claims spur brands to review ads Former P&G exec reveals Febreze rethink View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News Thu, February 16, 2017 | 18:35 North Korea Entertainment Music Dramas & TV shows Movies Performances Exhibitions Photo News Opinion Editorial Columnists Park Moo-jong Choi Sung-jin Tong Kim Korean Historical Sense Andrew Salmon John Burton Jason Lim Donald Kirk Kim Ji-myung Jay Kim Andrei Lankov Frank Ching Hyon O'Brien Younghoy Kim Kimaro Michael McManus Deauwand Myers Casey Lartigue, Jr. Bernard Rowan Stephen Costello Semoon Chang Michael Breen Lee Seong-hyon Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Feature Image of Korea Small Picture Economy Policies Finance Photo News Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News National Politics Foreign Affairs Embassy News Defense Affairs Foreign Communities Investigations Diseases & welfare Labor & environment Education Seoul & provinces Obituaries Photo News Culture Books Religions Healthcare Food Fortune Telling Hotel & Travel Fashion Korean traditions Photo News Sports Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2018 PyeongChang Photo News World SCMP Asia Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Community Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Photos Learning English Light industries Nestle baby foods recalled for unapproved additives Posted : 2017-02-14 16:30 Updated : 2017-02-14 22:40 Gerber 3rd Foods Roasted Vegetable & Chicken Dinner marketed by Nestle Korea. / Courtesy of Nestle Korea By Park Jae-hyuk Nestle Korea has recently been ordered by the country's food and drug authorities to recall some of its signature Gerber baby foods containing unapproved additives, according to industry officials, Tuesday. The Korean branch of the Switzerland-based global food company has denied any safety problems of the products. But Korean mothers seem to be worried following the recent government measure, amid a growing concern for the safety of baby products here. According to the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety, three types of Gerber baby foods ― 3rd Foods Roasted Vegetable & Chicken Dinner, 3rd Foods Herbed Vegetable, Pasta & Chicken Dinner and Puffs Strawberry Apple ― have been withdrawn from the market since last month. The products have been banned from sale for containing so-called "natural flavors" which are not approved here to be used in baby foods. SSG.COM, an official retailer of the products here, posted on its website simply that the products were "sold out." "The recall is not related to product safety, but to differences in regulations on natural flavors between Korea and the United States which manufactures the products," a Nestle Korea official explained. "However, we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience to our customers." The company was also ordered last August by the Korean government to recall its German-made BEBA infant formula for a similar reason. Last March, several Gerber baby foods were withdrawn from the U.S. market for spoilage risks as well. Critics pointed out that the Korean branch may have poorly inspected the imported products, failing to confirm whether they meet the safety standards of the country. Currently, the month-long recall has yet to go viral among Korean mothers and the media, when considering similar controversies over Procter & Gamble (P&G) diapers and some other baby foods. P&G Korea has faced recent criticism for allegations its signature Pampers baby dry diapers contain toxic materials such as dioxin and pesticides, in spite of the company's continuous denial of safety problems. Also, German-made Aptamil and some other imported infant formulas have been under fire for allegations of containing cesium, a radioactive substance, after a Japanese-based civic group raised the issue. Still, most experts said Korean consumers' fears on such products were exaggerated. However, Korean consumers claim the international companies should be more considerate as consumers here have trauma following hundreds of deaths caused by toxic humidifier sterilizers, most of which were marketed by Oxy Reckitt Benckiser. jaehyuk@ktimes.comMore articles by this reporter North Korean leader's half-brother killed by 'poison needles' in Malaysia Animal rights activists demand dolphin import ban One assassination suspect detained in Malaysia; 'several' others on the run Who killed N. Korean leader's half-brother and why? [VIDEO] Special prosecutor seeks arrest warrant for Samsung boss Lee Jae-yong, senior executive Two iconic K-pop girl bands leave legacy Google investigated for practice against Samsung Incheon police under fire for using patriotism symbol on anti-terrorism posters Samsung chief Lee Jae-yong quizzed again over corruption scandal Where are Kim Jong-nam's widow and children? Stop importing dolphins! New start? Presidential hopeful in science class Setback for Trump An courts elderly voters Snack festival US, Japan test-fire jointly developed interceptor missile So sweet Jeju haenyeo UNESCO heritage [PHOTOS] About Korea Times CEO Message Times History Contents Distribution Media Kit Contact Us Location Privacy Statement Ombudsman Mobile Service PDF Service RSS Service
gazetteliveLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Teesside News UK & World News Crime Politics Health Education Nostalgia Motors News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On What's On News Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Theatre Film & TV Food & Drink Music & Nightlife ShoppingExpand Middlesbrough FC Nostalgia Business Food & Drink In Your Area Middlesbrough Stockton Redcar & Cleveland See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Cashback Book an Ad Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Buy A Photo Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East Home News Teesside News News Centre Square office development Q&A: Jobs, timescales and filling in the duck pond Middlesbrough Council wants to build five 'Grade A' office blocks on land close to Centre Square  Share  Comments ByMike Brown 09:33, 14 FEB 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Middlesbrough Council's town centre plan explained Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A plan to build five ‘Grade A’ office buildings right in the centre of Middlesbrough could transform the town, says Middlesbrough Council . Alongside developers Ashall Projects, who worked on the Holiday Inn Express above the Cleveland Centre, the council wants to bring in big name companies and create up to 2,000 jobs. Ashall were central to the delivery of Cobalt Business Park in North Tyneside, which attracted companies such as Virgin, Procter and Gamble, Hewlett Packard and Aston Martin. The Middlesbrough development , close to Centre Square, will provide Teesside’s “premier office site” and is part of the council’s £68m investment plan to attract £625m of private money and create 5,000 jobs across the town. The Gazette takes a look at how the development came about: What is actually going to happen? The plan is for five large office buildings, providing state-of-the-art accommodation to tempt big businesses to come to Middlesbrough and create well-paid jobs. A large part of what is known as Centre Square will be developed. The main public square, bordered by the magistrates’ court, town hall and library , will be untouched. But the duck pond next to mima will be filled in, with two of the buildings and a car park going on that site. A new office block will replace the empty registry office, another will be built on a strip of land between the crown court and Cleveland Business Centre, while a fifth will be built on what is currently a grassed hill closest to the current HMRC office buildings. Middlesbrough Centre Square and mima Read More Pay council tax in Middlesbrough? This is how much your bills are going up this year Why are they doing it? The council says there is not enough office space in the town - and of what there is, none is of a high enough quality to attract the sort of businesses it wants. The development forms a key part of the council’s investment plans. It hopes that the relatively highly paid jobs will strengthen the local economy, creating the money for people able to move into new executive homes to the south of the town. That will create more council tax for the authority, and crucially, eventual tenants will pay big business rates. Read More All the houses planned for Middlesbrough that haven't yet been built - there's almost 4,000 That is important, as government funding comes to an end in 2020 meaning local authorities need to become self-sufficient. Continued expansion of the town’s burgeoning bar and restaurant scene - set to be bolstered by Turtle Bay and Bistrot Pierre this year - will also be supported with the disposable income provided by the increased number of jobs. And more jobs in the supply chain will also give the town an economic boost. Middlesbrough Council sees the town as the “city centre” of Teesside. It hopes that providing a flagship development, unlike anything else between Leeds and Newcastle, will continue to prove that. Gallery: Centre Square development plans View gallery Read More Turtle Bay: Upcoming restaurant to host auditions with a twist to find its Middlesbrough team And when? There will be two phases - the first will deliver two of the five buildings. The sale of the land to Ashall Projects is dependent on them moving quickly. Within six months of legal documentation being exchanged, which happened last month, the council wants the firm to have submitted a formal planning application. Once that is approved, it wants Ashall to secure a tenant on at least a 20 year lease within a year and will secure a buy-back option on the land if progress does not happen fast enough. The rest of the plan will follow from there. Read More Coming soon? Turtle Bay Pizza Express Bistrot Pierre The Star Inn The Harbour What else will be there? The buildings might not be taken by only one tenant - there is the possibility to split the space - while ground floor restaurants, cafes and shops are part of the plan. But the council also hopes that an influx of new workers will boost the town centre economy. With the duck pond eventually disappearing as part of the project’s second phase - it has “no significant ecological value, with no protected species”, says a council report - a new public water feature will be incorporated into the plans. Car parks will also be factored in for office staff. How it will fit in? The office buildings will have “high architectural merit” and complement mima, Middlesbrough Library and Middlesbrough Town Hall. The new space will not take business away from existing office buildings, as none offer the facilities big companies will need, says a council report. And there has been “little appetite” for companies to convert old office accommodation for modern needs. Read More Empty offices? The plan for every office block in Middlesbrough with new development on horizon Is it actually going to happen? The units will be high end, but the price of moving in will not be a factor, says a council report. And the council seems confident that the plan will go ahead. It hopes this development will kick off a raft of regeneration in the town, and want to get started soon. A report into the project revealed that the town has suffered in the past 30 years for a lack of modern office space, while experiencing a number of “near misses” when trying to attract new jobs creators. What happens next? Middlesbrough Council’s executive is recommended to approve the plans next Tuesday. If it is agreed, a consultation drop-in session will be held next Friday at mima, between 10am and 4pm. The authority then hopes to receive a planning application between March 17 and 24. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @EveningGazette Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Middlesbrough Council Middlesbrough Central Middlesbrough News all Most Read Most Recent Saltburn and East ClevelandFed-up driver gets 'revenge' on police - by using his car to BLOCK speed camera 23-year-old BMW driver got his own back on Cleveland Police five years after he was hit with a speeding ticket in the same spot Stockton-on-TeesArmed police block off road after raid in Stockton town centre Part of the town centre was blocked to the public at Maxwells Corner, near the High Street CourtsMan warned he could be jailed for having child abuse images Peter Collins admitted making and distributing indecent photographs of children EmploymentThe seven Teesside companies who failed to pay minimum wage - and how they responded At least £43,000 was underpaid to workers by employers across our area James ArthurThe James Arthur love tryst that led Redcar cable fitter to attack chart topper Christopher John Revell said he attacked James Arthur in Redcar after his ex-girlfriend showed him a selfie with the singer Middlesbrough FC Premier LeagueJordan Rhodes' letter to Middlesbrough fan: 'I hope to see you playing for Boro' The 27-year-old, who sealed a Deadline Day move to Sheffield Wednesday, has found time to reply to young Oliver with a lovely message HartlepoolBradley Lowery Facebook 'troll' suspect released without charge 24-year-old Teesside woman was quizzed by police after sick posts emerged on social media last year CourtsMan warned he could be jailed for having child abuse images Peter Collins admitted making and distributing indecent photographs of children Stockton-on-TeesArmed raid: Second man arrested in connection with takeaway stabbing Locals say they were woken up by police pointing guns at a house StocktonSeeing double! THIRTY sets of twins meet at new mum group Mega monthly twin meet up now planned :: Read their top twin tips here Most Read Most Recent Saltburn and East ClevelandFed-up driver gets 'revenge' on police - by using his car to BLOCK speed camera 23-year-old BMW driver got his own back on Cleveland Police five years after he was hit with a speeding ticket in the same spot Stockton-on-TeesArmed police block off road after raid in Stockton town centre Part of the town centre was blocked to the public at Maxwells Corner, near the High Street CourtsMan warned he could be jailed for having child abuse images Peter Collins admitted making and distributing indecent photographs of children EmploymentThe seven Teesside companies who failed to pay minimum wage - and how they responded At least £43,000 was underpaid to workers by employers across our area James ArthurThe James Arthur love tryst that led Redcar cable fitter to attack chart topper Christopher John Revell said he attacked James Arthur in Redcar after his ex-girlfriend showed him a selfie with the singer Middlesbrough FC Premier LeagueJordan Rhodes' letter to Middlesbrough fan: 'I hope to see you playing for Boro' The 27-year-old, who sealed a Deadline Day move to Sheffield Wednesday, has found time to reply to young Oliver with a lovely message HartlepoolBradley Lowery Facebook 'troll' suspect released without charge 24-year-old Teesside woman was quizzed by police after sick posts emerged on social media last year Middlesbrough FCMiddlesbrough fans' groups unite to forge stronger links with club 'Speaking with one voice can give supporters more influence on the issues that matter' CourtsMan warned he could be jailed for having child abuse images Peter Collins admitted making and distributing indecent photographs of children Stockton-on-TeesArmed raid: Second man arrested in connection with takeaway stabbing Locals say they were woken up by police pointing guns at a house Top Stories CourtsMan warned he could be jailed for having child abuse images Peter Collins admitted making and distributing indecent photographs of children Middlesbrough FC Premier LeagueJordan Rhodes' letter to Middlesbrough fan: 'I hope to see you playing for Boro' The 27-year-old, who sealed a Deadline Day move to Sheffield Wednesday, has found time to reply to young Oliver with a lovely message Stockton-on-TeesArmed police block off road after raid in Stockton town centre Part of the town centre was blocked to the public at Maxwells Corner, near the High Street EmploymentThe seven Teesside companies who failed to pay minimum wage - and how they responded At least £43,000 was underpaid to workers by employers across our area HartlepoolBradley Lowery Facebook 'troll' suspect released without charge 24-year-old Teesside woman was quizzed by police after sick posts emerged on social media last year James ArthurThe James Arthur love tryst that led Redcar cable fitter to attack chart topper Christopher John Revell said he attacked James Arthur in Redcar after his ex-girlfriend showed him a selfie with the singer James ArthurChart topper James Arthur gives his response after man who attacked him is jailed Christopher Revell, 31, who glassed James Arthur in a pub, was locked up for five-and-a-half years Stockton-on-TeesArmed raid: Second man arrested in connection with takeaway stabbing Locals say they were woken up by police pointing guns at a house North Ormesby and Berwick HillsDrug-addled offender jailed after stabbing housemate in 'fury' over electricity cut-off David Woodier, 24, has been jailed for 10 years for the attack at a Middlesbrough home Redcar and ClevelandHear musical mayor Barry Hunt's charity version of 1980s classic ballad Redcar and Cleveland's Mayor has gone into the recording studio to help his chosen charities:: Hurry Home was a hit for Wavelength in 1982 SkeltonPolice threatened 'irresponsible' driver who blocked speed camera with court Inspector reveals how many drivers have been caught speeding on the road where the man blocked force's camera Saltburn and East ClevelandFed-up driver gets 'revenge' on police - by using his car to BLOCK speed camera 23-year-old BMW driver got his own back on Cleveland Police five years after he was hit with a speeding ticket in the same spot Fed-up driver gets 'revenge' on police - by using his car to BLOCK speed camera Armed police block off road after raid in Stockton town centre Man warned he could be jailed for having child abuse images The seven Teesside companies who failed to pay minimum wage - and how they responded The James Arthur love tryst that led Redcar cable fitter to attack chart topper Chart topper James Arthur gives his response after man who attacked him is jailed Police threatened 'irresponsible' driver who blocked speed camera with court Teenager awaits fate after admitting sexual activity with a younger girl Armed raid: Second man arrested in connection with takeaway stabbing Billingham triplets born 13 weeks early make it home after months in hospital Sky lights up with flaring from Wilton's 'Cracker' safety stack Drug-addled offender jailed after stabbing housemate in 'fury' over electricity cut-off Two men found guilty of raping an underage girl told to prepare for 'significant' sentences Was James Arthur given special anonymous access to court building? Teenager put naked 'revenge porn' pictures of her ex on Instagram after love split Attempted murder arrest after man was repeatedly stabbed inside Stockton takeaway Recap from court as man is sentenced after admitting assault on James Arthur in Redcar pub James Arthur: Man jailed for five-and-a-half years after attacking singer in Redcar Recap: Police on Stockton street after arrest following takeaway stabbing Chemicals giant may build 4x4 vehicles plant in the North-east News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Buy A Photo Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today 5 Rocket Stocks These stocks are set to take off in February. TheStreet Staff Feb 13, 2017 8:44 AM EST These stocks are showing short-term gain catalysts and longer-term growth potential. Here's how to trade them:  Shares are up 16.6% since the start of the calendar year for Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) . Short-term buyers are making a bet alongside them. Procter & Gamble (PG) is up almost 5.5% on a total return basis. If the trend continues, expect a major tailwind in its share price. Priceline Group (PCLN) is up more than 10% since January with its share price trajectory looking attractive. Rising analyst sentiment in shares of Equifax (EFX) this week make the stock a good bet. Alaska Air Group's  (ALK) completed acquisition of Virgin American gives the combined company cost savings.  This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Here's How to Play Alibaba's Stock Possibly Falling Through a Trap Door Soon An evening star reversal pattern and negative money flow suggest the stock price is headed lower. Robert Moreno Feb 15, 2017 7:32 AM EST Stocks Find Upward Momentum Again as Chances of a Rate Hike Rise Wall Street hold small gains on Tuesday after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen plays the part of both dove and hawk. Keris Alison Lahiff Feb 14, 2017 1:46 PM EST Mattel, Alibaba Partner to Develop Interactive, Educational Toys for the Chinese Market Mattel (MAT) will market and sell its toys through Alibaba's (BABA) Tmall.com platform. Lindsay Rittenhouse Feb 14, 2017 1:15 PM EST Midday Report: Aetna, Humana Call Off Merger; U.S. Stocks Waver Stocks are in flux as Wall Street digests comments from Federal Reserve Chair Yellen Tuesday. Keris Alison Lahiff Feb 14, 2017 12:12 PM EST Trending Avoid Apple and Buy Home Depot Instead What Buffett, Icahn and Other Billionaire Investors Are Buying in the Trump Era Cisco's Numbers Weren't Spectacular, But Good Enough In This Market Stay Long, This Bull Is Strong: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Wednesday 2/15/17) Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Roche Urges New Plan as Swiss Tax Vote Seen Slowing Investment by Albertina Torsoli @atorsoli More stories by Albertina Torsoli February 13, 2017, 5:18 AM EST Voters rejected tax reform that appealed to multinationals Country needs new plan to ensure competitiveness, Roche says Switzerland’s decision to shoot down a planned corporate tax reform is likely to mean years of uncertainty for international companies such as Caterpillar Inc., putting future investments at risk and raising the prospect that some businesses may flee elsewhere, according to executives. With the clear defeat of the government’s plan in Sunday’s referendum, companies including Roche Holding AG and Caterpillar urged Swiss politicians to formulate a new proposal to maintain the country’s appeal as a business-friendly location. “This creates massive uncertainty,” Martin Naville, chief executive officer of the Swiss-American Chamber of Commerce, said in a phone interview. “Nobody will be investing in the coming years because they don’t know what’s going to come after.” The referendum’s outcome is bad news for Switzerland at a time when its economy is struggling with a strong currency and countries such as the U.K. and the U.S.  threaten to cut business taxes to gain an edge. The government will start work on a new plan, Finance Minister Ueli Maurer said, though in the best case it will be the end of this year before a new bill is ready. As it stands now, cantons offer lower tax rates for international companies than domestic businesses, helping to lure multinationals such as Caterpillar and Procter & Gamble Co. to the country. Those special tax breaks are due to be scrapped under international pressure. To head off a surge in tax rates for foreign businesses, the government proposed a plan that would have allowed cantons to cut rates across the board and companies to deduct income resulting from patents and research and development activities. For a QuickTake explainer on Switzerland’s corporate tax reform, click here. Voters rejected it Sunday 59 percent to 41 percent out of concern it would have strained the public purse and increased the burden on individual taxpayers. The country needs a competitive tax situation to make it attractive for investment, according to Basel-based drugmaker Roche Holding AG, the third-largest Swiss company by revenue. “Roche regrets the rejection of the tax reform,” Nicolas Dunant, the company’s head of media relations, said in an e-mail. “Now a new proposal needs to be developed with the goal of providing planning security as well as maintaining an internationally competitive environment for corporations in Switzerland.” The vote doesn’t have an immediate impact on Roche, which employs 14,400 people in Switzerland, he said. ‘Delicate Situation’ Multinationals generated around 12 percent of economic output and 9 percent of employment in Switzerland in 2015, according to consultancy BAK Basel. Overall, they employ some 150,000 people. Some cantons have a larger presence of multinationals than others. In Geneva, they account for  76,000 jobs and 43 percent of gross domestic product. “Multinational companies are in a delicate situation,” Francois Longchamp, the head of the Geneva cantonal government, said in a phone interview. “Some of them have to make decisions on re-investments.” Some companies will consider alternatives, which could range from moving a marketing department or a manufacturing plant outside of Switzerland to leaving the country altogether, said Naville of the chamber of commerce. Multinationals in certain industries, for example commodity trading, could go quickly if they ever decided to move out, Naville said. Commodity traders “can pull the plug on Friday and start working Monday from somewhere else,” he said. It would take much longer for companies with manufacturing sites or R&D operations in Switzerland to make a similar decision, he said. Oil Traders Geneva over the years lured some of the biggest independent oil traders, including Vitol Group, Trafigura Group, Gunvor Group Ltd. and Mercuria Energy Group Ltd. With no tax reform, multinational companies risk being subject to double taxation in the long term. Caterpillar, the U.S. maker of construction equipment, supports adapting Swiss tax law to new international standards, the company said. Its Geneva office is the headquarters for Europe, Africa and the Middle East, employing about 400 people. Caterpillar faced U.S. congressional hearings in 2014 after a Senate report found the company saved $2.4 billion in U.S. taxes by moving profits from its parts business to Switzerland, where it paid tax rates as low as 4 percent. The company said the move was a legal and appropriate way to cut expenses. The Internal Revenue Service later sought tax increases and penalties of about $1 billion. “Though this vote creates additional uncertainty in a challenging business environment, we remain confident that Switzerland and the cantons will find a consensus allowing to pass a new federal tax law that will support innovation and employment,” said Erik De Leye, a Brussels-based spokesman for Caterpillar. Compromise Seen The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up To be sure, the vote outcome doesn’t mean multinational companies will automatically start paying higher taxes. The current regime will stay in place until at least 2019. The Swiss Trading and Shipping Association, which represents commodity traders and shippers, expects a compromise to be adopted by then, since companies need legal and fiscal security, said Stephane Graber, the group’s secretary general. “The vote outcome doesn’t send a good message to the multinationals,” Jacques Jeannerat, executive director of the Geneva Chamber of Commerce, said in a phone interview.“But right now, I would ask them to wait and see.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, February 16, 2017 5:27 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Swiss must draw up corporate Tax Plan B to stay attractive Monday February 13, 2017 04:13 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Mourinho predicts trouble ahead for Manchester United Female agents are N. Korean regime’s weapon of choice, says defector Man United will give Europa tilt full focus, says Mourinho France to decide outcome of Fillon fake work case today Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article (From left) Swiss Finance Minister Ueli Maurer, Swiss Justice Minister Simonetta Sommaruga and Swiss President Doris Leuthard attend a news conference after the vote on the Corporate Tax Reform Act III in Bern, February 12, 2017. — Reuters picZURICH, Feb 13 —The Swiss government must come up with a new plan and figure out how to limit economic fallout after voters rejected its bid to reform corporate taxation to keep the country internationally competitive. Because Switzerland needs to end its current practice of giving thousands of multinationals tax breaks, the government will have to concoct a Plan B to prevent their moving abroad. Their departure would cause a drop in tax revenue and stunt economic growth. The government is at pains to find a solution at a time when countries such as the US are seeking to gain a competitive edge with their own business tax reductions and after a strong currency-induced slowdown in economic growth. Switzerland, which has succeeded in attracting big global corporations like Procter & Gamble Co and Caterpillar Inc, already bowed to international pressure and scrapped banking secrecy after a crackdown on tax evasion by other countries. “Lots of uncertainty about the future has arisen, and there’s concern about reactions by the OECD and the EU, because there’s the risk of a blacklisting of the current regime — this will force international companies to think about alternatives,” said Andreas Staubli, managing partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers AG in Zurich. “What will happen first is that new investment decisions will be made in favour of a place other than Switzerland.” Scrapping the current system without a replacement would mean the rates to which holding and domiciliary companies are subjected get reset at the level of domestic firms, which can be more than 20 per cent. Yet sticking with the current regime could eventually land Switzerland in hot water with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, which is clamping down on tax loopholes. While there is no black list currently in the works, Switzerland is under “ a little bit of pressure” to dismantle its current regime in two years’ time, Pascal Saint-Amans, director of OECD’s Centre for Tax Policy and Administration, told newspaper Le Temps. Leaving Switzerland “It’s still in the interest of Switzerland to have a competitive tax regime,” said Christian Stiefel, director of SwissHoldings, which represents the multinationals. “It’s to be expected that cantons will do what they can to stay competitive, it just may cost them a bit more than it would have.” The short-term impact of highly mobile companies leaving Switzerland would be a 5.6 per cent drop in potential economic output, equivalent to 34 billion (US$34 billion) francs, according to consultancy BAK Basel. The number of companies moving to the cantons of Bern, Freiburg, Vaud, Neuchatel, Geneva and Valais already posted a slight decline last year, according to the regional business association GGBa. Recent developments such as Brexit, the political situation in the US, Switzerland’s tussling over European Union immigration quotas and the strong franc were already causing a delay in businesses’ investment decisions, it said on Feb. 7. “Swiss companies need the certainty that the way they are taxed is internationally accepted,” said Swiss Textiles, which represents 200 local companies. Tax measures to foster innovation would help the sector, which produces cloth for haute couture designers as well as protective gear for workmen, it said. International pressure The reform was expected to come into effect in 2019. That deadline now won’t be met, and Finance Minister Ueli Maurer said a working group will convene soon to figure out the way forward. He didn’t spell out what the Plan B might consist of, but said the government could in theory present parliament with a draft bill by the end of 2017. “There’s without a doubt international pressure,” Maurer said. “There’s a real danger of companies in Switzerland being subject to double taxation.” The government will now also have to restart talks with the EU, which had pushed for Switzerland to revise its tax practices, and there’s the threat of reprisals by other countries. Should the EU assess Switzerland’s compliance on company taxation, “we would at the moment not be able to fulfil these points,” Joerg Gasser, State Secretary for International Financial Matters, said before the vote. “Then the question is how the EU reacts. If we can plausibly make the case that we’ll do that, then nothing happens — if not, I cannot tell you what will happen.” Voters yesterday were swayed by opponents’ arguments that the reform would’ve meant more than 2.7 billion francs in lost tax revenue, which they said would led to a higher tax burden for individuals and cuts to public services. The Social Democrats, who led the campaign against the reform, haven’t published detailed suggestions on what sort of changes they would support. Prior to the vote, SP spokesman Michael Sorg said the government’s original proposal should serve as a point of departure, the notional interest rate deduction should be eliminated and the plan shouldn’t lead to large shortfalls for the public purse. The notional interest rate deduction, which opponents had singled out in their criticism, might be eliminated in a Plan B, experts said. “No one actually knows what the other instruments might be, and it may take quite long — and in the meantime, I don’t think cantons can wait,” said Christian Keuschnigg, a professor at the University of St Gallen, adding that the cantons may lower headline rates of their own accord, crimping their revenue intake. “And that’ll be an expensive undertaking.” — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Petronas Canada LNG plant buoyed by incentives to native groups Bank Negara: Ringgit began to stabilise towards end 4Q2016 Weaker ringgit dampens travel to Singapore Malaysia’s economy expands 4.2pc in 2016 Didi Chuxing faces new hurdles in China (VIDEO) Weaker ringgit dampens travel to Singapore Swedish company invests RM100m in Penang Another day, another mall: How KL Gateway Mall hopes to succeed in a crowded market Osram says gets US government approval for lamps unit sale Greece says will not accept ‘illogical’ demands in bailout review Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Related Articles UK startups ponder move to Europe as Brexit sows angst Britain’s Rolls-Royce plummets to record US$5.8b loss UK faces worker shortage as EU nationals stay home, says study Brexit Bulletin: The Merkel mistake Swiss vote on corporate tax reform as outcome too close to call Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Digital health revolution underway with IoT connections, could reduce costs, lead to more proactive care Arkansas soybean farmers and others may have a gloomy 2017 Farm Credit of Arkansas members to reap financial benefits in February Carriers shy away from driver-facing cameras, don’t want ‘big brother’ atmosphere Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics U.S. Rep. Hill: Congress must oversee executive branch Investing in medical marijuana is a high risk, high reward venture State tourism officials hope legislature flushes bathroom bill House panel OK’s resolution to call convention of states UAFS Chancellor says UAFS is ‘well-positioned’ under new education funding formula Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas UAFS Chancellor says UAFS is ‘well-positioned’ under new education funding formula Arkansas soybean farmers and others may have a gloomy 2017 Chambers Bank relocates lone Benton County office to temporary space in Rogers Nerdies education company now part of New Design School in Fayetteville Video / Podcasts Sen. Irvin, Rep. Leding discuss tort reform, medical marijuana, Voter ID Sen. Boozman defends new Attorney General, talks agriculture and healthcare Rep. Crawford contends Southerner as Ag Secretary will help Arkansas, offers glimpse of Obamacare unwind AG Rutledge: State, federal medical marijuana contradictions depend on federal prosecutors Simmons Bank CEO discusses growth environment, says Dodd-Frank could be altered not repealed Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Carriers shy away from driver-facing cameras, don’t want ‘big brother’ atmosphere Blind spots remain in visibility supply-chain tracking systems, shippers say The Supply Side: Zest Labs ready to push process to improve freshness The Supply Side: Suppliers, retailers react as categories gravitate online Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Harris Poll: Wal-Mart Stores ranks 76 out of 100 on corporate reputation BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 1 day ago 293 views  Tags: Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet The annual Harris Poll for Corporate Reputation pegs Wal-Mart Stores near the bottom of the pack at 76 out of 100 companies surveyed. Some of the retail giant’s largest competitors ranked in the top three spots. Amazon, Wegmans and Publix led this year’s rankings, respectively. Bentonville-based Wal-Mart ranked just ahead of General Motors and just behind AT&T in a new poll from Harris. The survey used a reputation quotient that examines six different elements from social responsibility, products and services, vision and leadership, emotional appeal, workplace environment and financial performance. Retailers overall scored well in this year’s survey besides taking top three spots. Four other retailers ranked in the top 25: No. 14 Costco; No. 17 L.L. Bean; No. 19 Lowe’s; and No. 21 Kroger. Scores above 80 were deemed excellent in terms of corporate reputation. The top three rankings and Costco and L.L. Bean scored higher than 80. Apple ranked No. 5 overall as Walt Disney ranked No. 7 overall. Lowe’s and Kroger scored slightly below 80 and were deemed to have “very good” reputations. Other retailers deemed to have “very good” reputations included Hobby Hobby at No. 32, Whole Foods at No. 34, and Walgreen’s at No. 36. Following are retailers deemed to have a “good” corporate reputation better than Wal-Mart: No. 28 Aldi No. 39 Kohl’s No. 41 eBay No. 44 Home Depot No. 45 Nordstrom No. 46 Best Buy No. 51 Macy’s No. 52 CVS Health No. 57 JC Penney No. 58 Target No. 68 Dollar General Wal-Mart ranked among those with “fair” corporate reputations at No. 78, and slightly ahead of Family Dollar at No. 81. Only Sears, at No. 94, ranked in the “poor” reputation category among retailers. Aside from retailers, suppliers also were ranked. Johnson & Johnson, 3M, Coca-Cola and General Mills all garnered “excellent” ratings. Nestle, General Electric, Kellogg, Mondelez, Sony, Kraft-Heinz and Samsung all received the “very good” rating. PepsiCo, and Procter & Gamble each pulled a “good” rating. Just one supplier, Monsanto, landed in the bottom with a “poor” rating. The Harris Poll noted the reputation scores also are impacted by political values. For instance, the researchers said Republican respondents ranked Chick-fil-A and Hobby Lobby ahead of Amazon and Johnson & Johnson. While Democrats highly favored Target over other retailers. “As companies struggle with questions around how prominent their values should be and whether their leaders should ‘speak up’ on society’s issues, the reputation quotient confirms both the reward and the risk of such choices,” the report said. Comments comments Previous post House panel rejects Senate's Amazon tax bill, Democrats foil proposal for now Next post Fort Smith Board briefed on insurance savings, increases, and proposed smoking ban Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Cal Rose Investing in medical marijuana is a high risk, high reward venture Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Frank D. Scott, Jr. Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Barbara Taylor How to find a silver lining in a tarnished industry Tim Leathers Task force could help overhaul Arkansas’ tax code Latest Popular U.S. Rep. Hill: Congress must oversee executive branch 5 hours ago Investing in medical marijuana is a high risk, high reward venture 7 hours ago State tourism officials hope legislature flushes bathroom bill 9 hours ago House panel OK’s resolution to call convention of states 9 hours ago UAFS Chancellor says UAFS is ‘well-positioned’ under new education funding formula 11 hours ago Trane closing Fort Smith plant to ‘optimize manufacturing footprint,’ 250 jobs to be lost (Updated) 1,094 views Tyson Foods’ new CEO changes management team, breaks from traditional segment leadership 729 views Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers 708 views Four state business leaders to be enshrined in the Arkansas Business Hall of Fame 668 views College tuition on the rise at most of Arkansas’ public universities 574 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Carol L. Roberts and Benno Dorer Elected to VF Corporation’s Board of Directors GREENSBORO, N.C.–()–The Board of Directors of VF Corporation (NYSE: VFC), a global leader in branded lifestyle apparel, footwear and accessories, has elected Carol L. Roberts and Benno Dorer as directors, effective Feb. 14, 2017. “We are pleased to welcome Carol and Benno to VF’s Board of Directors,” said Eric Wiseman, VF’s Executive Chairman of the Board. “Carol possesses a unique and powerful mix of experience across finance, human resources, manufacturing and general management. And, Benno has extraordinary experience in leading and growing well-known, global consumer brands.” Ms. Roberts will serve on the Finance and Audit Committees and Mr. Dorer will serve on the Audit, and Nominating and Governance Committees of VF’s Board of Directors. Ms. Roberts, 57, currently serves as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of International Paper. She will retire from that position at the end of March. During her 36 years with International Paper, she has held a number of leadership positions with increasing responsibility. She was named Chief Financial Officer in November 2011. Ms. Roberts graduated from Yale University in 1981 with a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering. She serves on the Board of Directors of Alcoa Corporation and on the Yale University Presidents Advisory Council. Mr. Dorer, 52, has been Chief Executive Officer of The Clorox Company since November 2014 and was also named Chairman of the Board in August 2016. After joining Clorox in 2005, Mr. Dorer progressed through roles of increasing scope and responsibility. Previously, Mr. Dorer spent 14 years at Procter & Gamble, working in various marketing roles across a range of categories and countries. Mr. Dorer holds a degree in economics from the University of Freiburg in Germany and a graduate degree in business administration (Diplom-Kaufmann) from Saarland University, also in Germany. About VF VF Corporation (NYSE: VFC) is a global leader in the design, manufacture, marketing and distribution of branded lifestyle apparel, footwear and accessories. The company’s diversified portfolio of powerful brands spans numerous geographies, product categories, consumer demographics and sales channels, giving VF a unique industry position and the ability to create sustainable, long-term growth for our customers and shareholders. The company’s largest brands are The North Face®, Vans®, Timberland®, Wrangler®, Lee® and Nautica®. For more information, visit www.vfc.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, general, Industry, Lifestyle, officer, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious USHCC Congratulates Mnuchin on Confirmation as Treasury Secretary Next PostNext Bazaarvoice, Inc. Announces Date of Third Fiscal Quarter of 2017 Financial Results Conference Call Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Search Latest Sport Lifestyle Politics Opinion Features Business Multimedia Traffic 20°C ‘Don’t let his life go in vain,’ cops told after member killed Local Gautrain services between PTA & Hatfield suspended until further notice Local No compensation for families of Lily Mine collapse yet, creditors meet Local Chikane: Allegations against my wife unfounded & slanderous Local Health officials urged to remain vigilant for measles cases Local Australia's Catholic Church paid $213m in abuse compensation, costs World Cops chase down suspects in Raymond Barras murder Local Popular Topics Sona 2017 #Sona2017 President Jacob Zuma Donald Trump View all in Latest Confusion over 2020 golf venue dates back to bid Sport Woods cancels news conference due to bad back Sport Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw to miss rest of Six Nations Sport Olympic great Hackett arrested after ‘breakdown’ Sport Why being a professional soccer player may be bad for you Sport Proteas Women lose to India in World Cup qualifier Sport Proteas to kick off New Zealand tour on Friday Sport Popular Topics Joost van der Westhuizen Joost van der Westhuizen dies Orlando Pirates Doping View all in Sport Kesha releases new Dr Luke emails Lifestyle Justin Bieber accused of assault Lifestyle Lotto results: Wednesday 15 February 2017 Lifestyle Adele raked in £500,000 a night on world tour Lifestyle Blake Lively: Celebrities create unrealistic beauty standards Lifestyle 'Mars is home to its own volcano' Lifestyle Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died from ulcer, says her sister Lifestyle How to motivate millennials Business Astronauts’ brains change shape when they go into space - study Lifestyle The best ways to deal with selfish people at work Lifestyle View all in Lifestyle Political parties react to bank collusion case Local SANDF deployment to Parliament being investigated Local ANC: Collusion findings places doubt on trust in SA banks Local [WATCH LIVE] MPs continue Sona debate Local Jeff Radebe denounces behaviour of MPs at #Sona2017 Local More details on why Mayor Herman Mashaba sacked MMC Anthony Still Local Nkwinti: Govt must start expropriating land without compensation Local Popular Topics Sona 2017 #Sona2017 President Jacob Zuma Jacob Zuma View all in Politics [OPINION] Esidimeni: South Africa, have you lost your mind? Opinion [OPINION] Trump-Netanyahu love is unlikely to last World [OPINION] What 'decolonised education' should & shouldn’t mean Opinion [OPINION] World needs to ditch obsession with GDP Business [OPINION] Does Europe fear Muslims more than the US? World [ANALYSIS] Why it’s a big deal armyworms are wreaking havoc in southern Africa Local [OPINION] SA is a country that’s fallen for the ‘politics of the belly’ Opinion Popular Topics Jacob Zuma Sona 2017 Donald Trump State of the Nation Address View all in Opinion [LIVE BLOG] State of the Nation Address 2017 Local [MAP] Fires wreak havoc across Western Cape Local World Economic Forum 2017 Matric Results 2016 2016: A look at the year in news Local [LIVE BLOG] ANC NEC briefing Local [LIVE BLOG] Black Friday fever hits SA Local Understanding municipal politics: Exploring fruitless & wasteful expenditure Local Municipal Spending: The key factors Local SA's worst wasters: The 20 most wasteful municipalities Local View all in Features Gautrain services between PTA & Hatfield suspended until further notice Local Traders in bank collusion ‘highly skilled’ & ‘sophisticated’ Local African states wary of potential repeal of 'conflict minerals' rule World 'People buying rand would have been affected by bank collusion' Local Political parties react to bank collusion case Local SAA mulls appeal of Comair judgment Local Tshwane residents hit by water restrictions Local Popular Topics Competition Commission Competition Tribunal of South Africa SA rand vs US dollar Currency View all in Business Video [WATCH] Apartheid prison becomes a monument of love [WATCH] Malema: Zuma no longer qualified to be SA president [WATCH] Rosettenville on knife’s edge over drugs and brothels in area Audio [LISTEN] TUT management comments on campus violence [LISTEN] Would you marry a complete stranger? [LISTEN] SA tourism shows positive signs after slight decline Infographics Why being a professional soccer player may be bad for you How do South Africans feel about law enforcement? Inside the Southern Africa fall armyworm invasion Cartoons [CARTOON] A grave situation [CARTOON] No love lost after Bucs lose six love [CARTOON] A call to arms... View all in Multimedia View all in Traffic Johannesburg Cape Town Pretoria Vereeniging Durban Plettenberg Bay Paarl Strand Rustenburg Bloemfontein Nelspruit George 20°C / 22°C Thu 29°C 16°C Fri 27°C 16°C Sat 26°C 15°C Sun 26°C 15°C Mon 22°C 15°C Tue 18°C 14°C Thu 23°C 17°C Fri 27°C 16°C Sat 23°C 17°C Sun 22°C 16°C Mon 25°C 16°C Tue 28°C 17°C Thu 31°C 18°C Fri 29°C 18°C Sat 29°C 17°C Sun 29°C 17°C Mon 23°C 17°C Tue 21°C 15°C Thu 32°C 18°C Fri 31°C 17°C Sat 31°C 17°C Sun 29°C 18°C Mon 23°C 15°C Tue 16°C 14°C Thu 29°C 23°C Fri 29°C 24°C Sat 30°C 24°C Sun 26°C 21°C Mon 23°C 20°C Tue 24°C 20°C Thu 24°C 20°C Fri 24°C 19°C Sat 23°C 18°C Sun 21°C 18°C Mon 20°C 18°C Tue 22°C 18°C Thu 26°C 16°C Fri 33°C 15°C Sat 24°C 17°C Sun 28°C 15°C Mon 29°C 15°C Tue 31°C 15°C Thu 22°C 16°C Fri 25°C 16°C Sat 21°C 16°C Sun 22°C 16°C Mon 25°C 16°C Tue 27°C 16°C Thu 32°C 20°C Fri 29°C 19°C Sat 29°C 19°C Sun 29°C 19°C Mon 25°C 18°C Tue 21°C 16°C Thu 28°C 17°C Fri 30°C 18°C Sat 28°C 18°C Sun 26°C 17°C Mon 21°C 15°C Tue 20°C 14°C Thu 23°C 19°C Fri 24°C 18°C Sat 27°C 19°C Sun 27°C 18°C Mon 23°C 17°C Tue 22°C 16°C Thu 23°C 18°C Fri 25°C 18°C Sat 22°C 17°C Sun 19°C 16°C Mon 20°C 16°C Tue 22°C 15°C Go Ikea's latest kitchen is made of recycled plastic bottles When you throw a plastic bottle into a recycling bin it’s the start of a journey - not the end of one. The IKEA kitchen cabinets made from recycled plastic bottles. Picture: ikea.com Adidas Recycling IKEA Group Plastic bottles Email Print Tweet Share World Economic Forum | one day ago LONDON - Plastic bottles are recycled into a range of products. According to Recycle Everywhere, everything from clothing to carpets can be produced using the plastic bottles we throw away. Many recycling bins are themselves made from recycled plastic which neatly encapsulates the circular journey that is possible if we take care to reuse what were once considered disposable items. But companies are becoming more ambitious with designs made from waste plastic. RECYCLED KITCHENS Swedish furniture giant IKEA is now selling a new kitchen in which all the cabinets are constructed from recycled bottles and timber. It’s called the KUNGSBACKA and was designed and built in partnership with design studio Form Us With Love. Every 40 x 80cm unit is made up of 25 plastic bottles and reclaimed industrial wood. “A plastic bottle is not waste, it is a resource. And most importantly, this kitchen proves that these materials can be used for household goods in large scale production,” said Jonas Pettersson, CEO at Form Us With Love in a press release. Peter Agnefjall, CEO of IKEA, talked about the enviromentally-friendly kitchens at the recent World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos. “In 10 days from now we will introduce our first kitchen front which is made out of recycled wood fibre, and it’s covered in plastic, coming from recycled PET bottles. So step-by-step we’re taking steps into becoming a more circular IKEA,” he said at the time. THE CIRCULAR ECONOMY IKEA’s efforts form part of a circular economy based on the principle of recovery, recycle and regenerate. It’s the opposite of the linear economy in which we make things, use them and then dispose of them. Other major global brands are also getting involved in circular economics. Procter & Gamble also announced at Davos that they will produce the world’s first recyclable shampoo bottle made from up to 25% recycled beach plastic. In partnership with recycling experts TerraCycle and SUEZ, this innovation will come to France in summer. Adidas has partnered with Parley For the Oceans to create a running shoe made from waste plastic recovered from the sea. The first commercial launch of the Parley Ultraboost Uncaged shoe included 7,000 pairs, “straight from the sea to the streets” says the company. You can see how they make it here. Much of the plastic waste polluting the oceans and filling up landfill sites comes from packaging. Unilever has recently announced that all of its plastic packaging will be fully reusable, recyclable or compostable by 2025. It also says that it will invest solutions for plastic recycling, and share those with the wider industry. Unilever has already committed to reducing the weight of its packaging by one third by 2020. CRADLE TO CRADLE At the heart of the circular economy is the principle of 'cradle to cradle', the idea that something can be entirely reused and regenerated. The key to making this happen is better product design. William McDonough, a thought leader and innovator in this area, explains how here. McDonough created the Cradle to Cradle Certified™ Products Program, a globally recognized, design and science-based mark of product quality. He says that this is “the largest business opportunity the planet has ever seen.” Products certified under the scheme include laundry detergent, industrial glue, and baby wear. McDonough received the Fortune Award for his efforts to lead the circular economy at the World Economic Forum in Davos in January 2017. The famed yachtswoman Dame Ellen MacArthur, meanwhile, has seen first hand the damage discarded plastics can cause in the marine environment. The Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s New Plastics Economy initiative estimates that without fundamental redesign and innovation, about 30% of plastic packaging will never be reused or recycled. This article was republished courtesy of World Economic Forum. Written by Alex Gray, Formative Content. Timeline Africa’s first waste-to-gas plant opens in Cape Town 22 days ago [LISTEN] We're throwing money away on plastic bags 78 days ago [OPINION] Africa lacks the data to tackle its air pollution problem 83 days ago New Adidas CEO sets off in pursuit of Nike 140 days ago Comments EWN welcomes all comments that are constructive, contribute to discussions in a meaningful manner and take stories forward. However, we will NOT condone the following: - Racism (including offensive comments based on ethnicity and nationality) - Sexism - Homophobia - Religious intolerance - Cyber bullying - Hate speech - Derogatory language - Comments inciting violence. We ask that your comments remain relevant to the articles they appear on and do not include general banter or conversation as this dilutes the effectiveness of the comments section. We strive to make the EWN community a safe and welcoming space for all. EWN reserves the right to: 1) remove any comments that do not follow the above guidelines; and, 2) ban users who repeatedly infringe the rules. Should you find any comments upsetting or offensive you can also flag them and we will assess it against our guidelines. EWN is constantly reviewing its comments policy in order to create an environment conducive to constructive conversations. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus On Air Latest bulletin GAUTENG CAPE TOWN KFM Latest traffic report CAPE TOWN GAUTENG KFM People also read These are the best cities to be a student How to get more women into leadership roles [LISTEN] We're throwing money away on plastic bags Collect-A-Can collects millions Let the news come to you. Subscribe to our daily newsletter. Local World Politics Sport Business Entertainment Opinion Features Video Audio iWitness EWN Apps Breaking News Alerts Traffic EWN.Mobi Newsletter Signups RSS Feeds EWN Whatsapp Alerts Contact Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Comments Policy COPYRIGHT 2015 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Terms & Conditions Choose an EWN Twitter account Follow @ewnreporter Follow @ewnupdates Follow @ewnsport Follow @ewntraffic Choose an EWN app iOS Android
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo CASSIES Shopper Marketing Forum Awards Agency of The Year Media Agency of The Year Digital Agency of The Year PR Agency of The Year Strategy Awards PROMO! Awards AToMiC Awards Shopper Innovation Awards Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Tech C-Suite    ARCHIVE Home » Awards, Cannes » Cannes announces changes to Creative Effectiveness Five new categories aim to recognize more regional, cause and client-led campaigns that drove business results. By Josh Kolm 2 days ago Cannes Lions has announced the jury for the Creative Effectiveness competition, as well as a number of new categories aimed at awarding a wider range of creatively driven business successes – and making it more attractive to potential entrants. In addition to the main Creative Effectiveness category, where entries are evaluated with a heavy emphasis towards business results, advertisers now have the opportunity to enter their work in five new sub-categories. They were created to recognize “the growing role of creativity in a wider range of business objectives,” according to a press release. The new Creative Regional Effectiveness sub-category will recognize campaigns that were specific to a particular city, country or region, while the Creative Global Effectiveness sub-category will recognize multi-market campaigns. Creative Marketing Effectiveness has been established to recognize brand-led work where client resources and thinking were instrumental to the campaign’s success. Creative Effectiveness for Good will recognize campaigns for charities, non-profits and governments. Winners in Creative Longer-Term Effectiveness will demonstrate how a long-term program delivered results over several years. The main entry criteria for Creative Effectiveness remains the same: any piece of work that has won a Lion in the past three years is eligible to be entered. Since it was created in 2011, Creative Effectiveness has typically been one of the categories with the fewest number of shortlisted entries and winners, partially due to its exclusive submission requirements. Entries are open, with an early bird deadline of March 23. For reference, here is the Canadian work that, having won a Lion at one of the previous three festivals, would be eligible for a Creative Effectiveness Lion this year: BBDO Toronto, Skittles (Wrigley Canada): “Struck By A Rainbow” BBDO Toronto/MediaCom Toronto, Skittles (Wrigley Canada): “Holiday Pawn Shop” Bleublancrouge, Series+: “Major Crimes” Brad, Lego: “The Holidays Are Coming” Bruce Mau Design, Sonos: “Sonos Brand Identity” CAA Marketing, Canada Goose: “Out There” Cossette, Kobo: “The Birds” and “The River” Cossette/Jam3, Royal Canadian Mint: “Heart of the Arctic” Critical Mass, House of Anansi Press: “Massey Lectures” Critical Mass, Nissan: “Diehard Fan” DDB Canada, KY Touch (Johnson & Johnson): “Man Boobs,” “Bald Spot” DDB Canada, Netflix: “Pep Talk” DDB Canada, Netflix: “You Gotta Get It to Get It” DDB Canada, Neutrogena (Johnson & Johnson): “Junkface” FCB Toronto, PFLAG: “Nobody’s Memories” Grey Canada, Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America: “Groceries Not Guns” Grey Canada, Ovarian Cancer Canada: “Ladyballs” J. Walter Thompson Canada, Toronto Speakers Academy: “Femme-A-Palooza” and “Give Him Everything” J. Walter Thompson Canada, SickKids: “Better Tomorrows” Jam3, MTV: “2015 VMAs Green Screen” John St., Canadian Safe School Network: “Kids Read Mean Tweets” Juniper Park\TBWA, YWCA: “Not Okay” Leo Burnett Toronto, Always (P&G): “#LikeAGirl” Leo Burnett Toronto, Somerset Printing: “Printed By Somerset” Leo Burnett Toronto, Raising the Roof: “Coming Soon” Leo Burnett Toronto, TSN (Bell Media): “Kings and Queens of the Court” Lg2, Farnham Ale & Lager: “A Bit Bitter” Lg2, Krispy Kernels: “Meditation” Lg2, Reviveaphone: “iPhone 6″ Lg2, Societe de l’assurance automobile du Quebec: “Ghandi” Lg2, Societe de l’assurance automobile du Quebec: “Tied” Red Urban, Volkswagen: “Once More: The Story of VIN 903847″ Rethink, Molson Canadian: “Beer Fridge” Rethink, Uber: “Uber Safe” Sid Lee/Touche!, Mark’s: “The Colder It Gets” Studio M/Mosaic, WestJet: “Christmas Miracle” Tank, Valda: “Daycare” Trigger, Calgary Zoo: “2012 Annual Report” Wax, Calgary Society for Persons with Disabilities: “Staple” No Canadians will be judging the work, but this year’s Creative Effectiveness jury is: Jonathan Mildenhall, CMO, Airbnb (U.S.) (Jury President) Sudeep Gohil, co-founder, Tyde (Australia) Alegra O`Hare, VP of global brand communications for Adidas Originals, Adidas (Germany) Simone Tam, CEO, mcgarrybowen (China) Tammy Einav, CEO, adam&EveDDB (U.K.) Esther ET Franklin, EVP and managing director of strategy and cultural fluency, MediaVest Spark (U.S.) Peter Carter, Harley Procter marketing firector, Procter & Gamble (Global) Fernando Mercado, head of brand marketing, Burger King (Global) Anindita Mukherjee, global CMO, S.C. Johnson & Son (Global) John Seifert, worldwide chairman and CEO, Ogilvy & Mather (Global) Tags: cannes, Cannes Lions, Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity Related Articles Last chance to enter AToMiC Awards 2017 Grey, Leo tie for top spot in Gunn Report Who will top the CASSIES Effectiveness Index? Cannes makes changes to categories Entries now open for the 2017 Marketing Awards Popular Recent Featured Jon Finkelstein joins PwC as executive creative director Zulu Alpha Kilo gets its first U.S. client Dairy Farmers gets cheesy to sell milk H&R Block fights for payback Ontario’s well-timed message Careers » Screening Room » Dairy Farmers gets cheesy to sell milk The story behind ‘the one that got away’ H&R Block fights for payback Nova Scotia’s Discovery Centre piques curiosity Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2017 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Professional Dental Care Market Worth 961.0 Million USD by 2021 News provided by MarketsandMarkets Feb 14, 2017, 09:30 ET Share this article PUNE, India, February 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new market research report "Professional Dental Care Market by Type (Toothbrush (Electric, Battery-powered), Toothpaste, Mouthwash, Denture Products, Dental Accessories (Whitening Products, Breath Freshener, Dental Floss, Dental Water Jet)) - Global Forecast to 2021", published by MarketsandMarkets, the market witnessed moderate growth during the last decade and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.5% between 2016 and 2021 to reach USD 961.0 Million by 2021. Continue Reading MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 172 market data Tables and 26 Figures spread through 178 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Professional Dental Care Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/professional-dental-care-market-210346692.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report.  The growth in this market is majorly attributed to factors such as increasing small/private dental clinics, rising incidences of dental caries, increasing disposable incomes in emerging countries, growing awareness about dental hygiene, and economic gain for dental practitioners. The global Professional Dental Care Market is segmented based on product type and geography. In recent years, the dental industry is gaining more importance due to increased demand of having specialized products, treatments and procedures to treat dental diseases. In 2015, toothpastes segment accounted for the largest share of global Professional Dental Care Market. The toothbrushes segment is expected to witness the fastest growth over the next five years. The high growth of this segment can be attributed to higher utilization of the manual toothbrushes by end-users and recent technological advancements in the electric toothbrushes. Speak To Analyst: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/speaktoanalyst.asp?id=210346692 Europe is the largest regional segment for Professional Dental Care Market owing to the well-established dental market. The largest share of this regional segment is driven by the increase in the aging population, rising demand for the advance oral care products, increase in governmental expenditure on oral healthcare across Europe, and rising awareness about dental hygiene. However, the market in the Asia-Pacific region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR, owing to rising geriatric population, rising awareness about dental hygiene, and increase medical tourism in countries such as India and China. The market players, namely, Colgate-Palmolive Company (U.S.), The Procter & Gamble Company (U.S.), GlaxoSmithKline plc (U.K.), and Unilever plc (U.K.) held the major share of the Professional Dental Care Market and will continue to dominate the market between 2016 and 2021. Download PDF Brochure@ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=210346692 Some of the other players operating in Professional Dental Care Market are Johnson and Johnson (U.S.), Dr. Fresh, LLC (U.S.), Young Innovation Inc. (U.S.), Ultradent Products, Inc. (U.S.), GC Corporation (Japan), Henkel AG & Company, KGaA (Germany), 3M Company (U.S.), Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Netherlands), and Sunstar (Japan).     Browse Related Reports:  Dental Implants and Prosthetics Market By Type (Implant, Crown, Bridge, Denture, Abutment, Veneer, Inlay, Onlay), Material (Titanium, Zirconium, Ceramic, Porcelain-Fused-to-Metal), Type of Facility (Hospitals, Dental Laboratories) - Forecast to 2021. http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/dental-implants-prosthetics-market-695.html Dental Consumables Market By Product (Implants, Prosthetics, Orthodontics, Endodontics, Infection Control, Periodontics, Whitening Products, Prophylaxis, Fluorides, Sealants, Splints), End-User (Hospital & Clinic, Academic, Research) - Global Forecast to 2021. http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/oral-care-products-dental-consumables-market-699.html About MarketsandMarkets:  MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Telephone No: 1-888-600-6441. Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog @ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/healthcare/medical-devices Connect with us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets Feb 14, 2017, 10:00 ET Preview: Inductor Market Worth 3.94 Billion USD by 2022 Feb 14, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: Cloud Supply Chain Management Market worth 8.07 Billion USD by 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 15, 2017, 12:30 ETMission Management Systems Market Worth 27.50 Billion USD by 2022 Feb 15, 2017, 11:30 ETArtificial Intelligence Market - Impact of $16 Billion by 2022 in... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Dentistry Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Professional Dental Care Market Worth 961.0 Million USD by 2021 News provided by MarketsandMarkets Feb 14, 2017, 09:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Cosmetics and Personal Care | Household, Consumer & Cosmetics | Dentistry | Surveys, Polls and Research Professional Dental Care Market Worth 961.0 Million USD by 2021 Download image PUNE, India, February 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new market research report "Professional Dental Care Market by Type (Toothbrush (Electric, Battery-powered), Toothpaste, Mouthwash, Denture Products, Dental Accessories (Whitening Products, Breath Freshener, Dental Floss, Dental Water Jet)) - Global Forecast to 2021", published by MarketsandMarkets, the market witnessed moderate growth during the last decade and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.5% between 2016 and 2021 to reach USD 961.0 Million by 2021.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 172 market data Tables and 26 Figures spread through 178 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Professional Dental Care Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/professional-dental-care-market-210346692.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report.  The growth in this market is majorly attributed to factors such as increasing small/private dental clinics, rising incidences of dental caries, increasing disposable incomes in emerging countries, growing awareness about dental hygiene, and economic gain for dental practitioners. The global Professional Dental Care Market is segmented based on product type and geography. In recent years, the dental industry is gaining more importance due to increased demand of having specialized products, treatments and procedures to treat dental diseases. In 2015, toothpastes segment accounted for the largest share of global Professional Dental Care Market. The toothbrushes segment is expected to witness the fastest growth over the next five years. The high growth of this segment can be attributed to higher utilization of the manual toothbrushes by end-users and recent technological advancements in the electric toothbrushes. Speak To Analyst: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/speaktoanalyst.asp?id=210346692 Europe is the largest regional segment for Professional Dental Care Market owing to the well-established dental market. The largest share of this regional segment is driven by the increase in the aging population, rising demand for the advance oral care products, increase in governmental expenditure on oral healthcare across Europe, and rising awareness about dental hygiene. However, the market in the Asia-Pacific region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR, owing to rising geriatric population, rising awareness about dental hygiene, and increase medical tourism in countries such as India and China. The market players, namely, Colgate-Palmolive Company (U.S.), The Procter & Gamble Company (U.S.), GlaxoSmithKline plc (U.K.), and Unilever plc (U.K.) held the major share of the Professional Dental Care Market and will continue to dominate the market between 2016 and 2021. Download PDF Brochure@ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=210346692 Some of the other players operating in Professional Dental Care Market are Johnson and Johnson (U.S.), Dr. Fresh, LLC (U.S.), Young Innovation Inc. (U.S.), Ultradent Products, Inc. (U.S.), GC Corporation (Japan), Henkel AG & Company, KGaA (Germany), 3M Company (U.S.), Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Netherlands), and Sunstar (Japan).     Browse Related Reports:  Dental Implants and Prosthetics Market By Type (Implant, Crown, Bridge, Denture, Abutment, Veneer, Inlay, Onlay), Material (Titanium, Zirconium, Ceramic, Porcelain-Fused-to-Metal), Type of Facility (Hospitals, Dental Laboratories) - Forecast to 2021. http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/dental-implants-prosthetics-market-695.html Dental Consumables Market By Product (Implants, Prosthetics, Orthodontics, Endodontics, Infection Control, Periodontics, Whitening Products, Prophylaxis, Fluorides, Sealants, Splints), End-User (Hospital & Clinic, Academic, Research) - Global Forecast to 2021. http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/oral-care-products-dental-consumables-market-699.html About MarketsandMarkets:  MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Telephone No: 1-888-600-6441. Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog @ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/healthcare/medical-devices Connect with us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets More by this Source Mission Management Systems Market Worth 27.50 Billion USD by 2022 15 Feb, 2017, 17:30 GMT Artificial Intelligence Market - Impact of $16 Billion by 2022 in Semiconductor Industry 15 Feb, 2017, 16:30 GMT Function-as-a-Service Market Worth 7.72 Billion USD by 2021 15 Feb, 2017, 15:30 GMT View all news by MarketsandMarkets Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Cosmetics and Personal Care News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Global Surfactants Market By Product, Geography, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Surfactants Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 14, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Surfactants market accounted for $31.12 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $47.53 billion by 2022 growing at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 6.2% during the forecast period 2015 to 2022. Increasing demand for surfactants in personal care applications, new investments and upcoming projects in emerging economies are the factors propelling the market growth. On the other hand, expensive raw material costs, stringent government regulations are the restraints inhibiting the market growth. The amphoteric surfactants segment has a share around 7% of the global market in 2015 and is projected to have highest growth rate during the forecast period. Synthetic surfactants of substrate types hold the major share in the surfactants market, as of 2015. However, due to strict regulations, bio-based surfactants are expected to grow at a highest CAGR in the future. Asia Pacific is also expected to grow at the highest growth rate owing to the growth in segments such as personal care, oilfield chemical, pharmaceuticals, etc. The second largest consumer of surfactants is North America followed by Europe. For more information at http://www.reportsweb.com/surfactants-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 . Some of the key players in global surfactants market include Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, Akzonobel N.V., BASF SE, Clariant AG, Dupont EI DE Nemours & Co., Evonik Industries AG, Henkel AG & Co. KGAA, Huntsman Corporation, KAO Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company, Stepan Company, Croda International PLC, Solvay, RHODIA S.A., P&G Chemicals, and Lion Corporation. Products Covered: - Amphoteric Surfactants - Cationic Surfactants - Non-Anionic Surfactants o Amine Oxides o Alcohol Ethoxylates (AE) o Alkyl Phenol Ethoxylates - Anionic Surfactants o Alpha Olefin Sulfonates (AOS) o Linear Alkylbenzene Sulfonate (LAS) o Methyl Ester Sulfonates (MES) o Secondary Alkane Sulfonate (SAS) o Sulfosuccinates o FAI Ether Sulfates - Other Products o Fluorosurfactants o Silicone Applications Covered: - Crop Protection - Elastomers and plastics Industry - Food Industry - Oilfield Chemicals - Personal Care Industry - Pharmaceutical Industry - Soap/detergent Industry - Textile Industry - Home Care - Paints & Coatings - Construction - Other Applications Substrate Types Covered: - Bio-based surfactants o Bio Surfactants o Chemically Synthesized Bio-Based Surfactants - Synthetic Surfactants Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583527/sample . Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583527/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Energy & Resources Marketing Law Property Report Home» Report on Business» Industry News» Marketing Sprinter Andre De Grasse hugs his mother Beverley as he arrives in Toronto on Aug. 24, 2016. Beverley De Grasse has signed a one-year partnership with GraceKennedy (Ontario) Ltd., the Canadian arm of the Kingston, Jamaica-based packaged food manufacturer that sells the Grace brand across Canada. Sprinter Andre De Grasse hugs his mother Beverley as he arrives in Toronto on Aug. 24, 2016. Beverley De Grasse has signed a one-year partnership with GraceKennedy (Ontario) Ltd., the Canadian arm of the Kingston, Jamaica-based packaged food manufacturer that sells the Grace brand across Canada. Another sponsorship deal for De Grasse – but not the one you’re thinking of Add to ... Susan Krashinsky Robertson - MARKETING REPORTER The Globe and Mail Published Monday, Feb. 13, 2017 5:09PM EST Last updated Monday, Feb. 13, 2017 5:09PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article As a young sprinter hitting his stride, Andre De Grasse is a marketable athlete: even before winning three medals in his Olympic debut and making friends with superstar Usain Bolt along the way, Mr. De Grasse inked a massive sponsorship deal with Puma and has worked with brands such as Gillette, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and on a local level, Pizza Pizza. But the latest marketing partnership to land on the De Grasse doorstep is not focused on the Canadian track phenom: the star of the campaign is his mother, Beverley. Ms. De Grasse has signed a one-year partnership with GraceKennedy (Ontario) Ltd., the Canadian arm of the Kingston, Jamaica-based packaged food manufacturer that sells the Grace brand across Canada. “Andre is always talking to the media about my cooking,” Ms. De Grasse said with evident pride. “I thought it was a great way to show the public some of his favourite recipes.” As part of the deal, Ms. De Grasse will appear at events for the company and will also shoot videos and photos for use on social media. One-minute segments will feature her sharing quick recipes, such as jerk chicken, that Grace will share on its Facebook, Instagram and Twitter accounts. Andre sweetens the deal: he has agreed to amplify those promotions by sharing at least three posts on his own social media accounts as well. Ms. De Grasse moved to Canada from Trinidad and Tobago in 1987 and has noticed how much more diverse Canadian tastes have become in the past 30 years – she uses Grace products, she said, and they have become easier to find in mainstream supermarkets. The company has been working to respond to those trends: part of the campaign’s objective is to emphasize the products’ ease of use to cooks who are only beginning to experiment with unfamiliar recipes. It is in the process of changing its corporate name to Grace Canada to reflect its expansion across the country. “We have so many cities that are diverse, there’s really a blend of cultures. And people are foodies. They’re interested in trying new flavours. We’ve definitely seen growth in that area,” said Alexandria Mottley, assistant brand manager at GraceKennedy. “We’re getting the first-generation, core Caribbean consumers but also their kids who grew up with their moms’ cooking, and they’re introducing the food to their friends. … We’re seeing a lot of interest in Caribbean cooking.” Grace is not the first brand to recognize the value of an athlete’s family. Procter & Gamble Co. has shifted the bulk of its advertising investment around the Olympics to its “Thank You, Mom” campaign, drawing emotional heft by profiling the roles that real athletes’ mothers have played in their children’s success. Beverley and Andre De Grasse were part of this sponsorship in Canada at the Rio Games, under P&G’s Gillette brand. “Beverley’s wonderful in the sense that she’s very humble and gracious, but like Andre she has that twinkle in her eye when the camera turns on,” said Brian Levine, managing director of Toronto-based Envision Sports & Entertainment Inc., who works on sponsorship deals with Mr. De Grasse in Canada, and who also suggested the Grace opportunity to Ms. De Grasse. “She has such a heartfelt, warm presence.” Following his Olympic success, Mr. De Grasse has also attracted more attention from sponsors, Mr. Levine said, noting that he recently signed a deal that has not yet been announced. During her son’s events in Rio, Ms. De Grasse was a constant presence, cheering wildly at his success. When Andre was in high demand for interviews, Ms. De Grasse sometimes stepped in and has become comfortable speaking with media. Still, she said she was “quite surprised and taken aback” when an opportunity arose to work with an advertiser on her own. Grace has a small marketing budget in Canada, and is hoping to make an impact through social media. The marketing team believes Ms. De Grasse is an “authentic” voice that will work well in that environment and an approachable air that could help expand its appeal. “Where we see an opportunity for growth is in the mainstream market,” Ms. Mottley said. “We can come in with recipes that are versatile and easy for Canadians to use. … We want to get over that boundary.” Report Typo/Error Follow Susan Krashinsky Robertson on Twitter: @susinsky Also on The Globe and Mail De Grasse all smiles as crowds welcome him back to Toronto (The Globe and Mail)   PZA-TPizza Pizza Royalty Corp Latest Price$17.80 0.00 (0.00%) PG-NProcter & Gamble Co Latest Price$91.12 0.00 (0.00%) Updated February 15 3:59 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story #GoSponsorHer social media campaign aims to put more women in senior roles Andre De Grasse’s sponsors made a huge bet, but it paid off Rio 2016 ‘Anything is possible’: Beverley De Grasse marvels at son’s sprint to the top Topics Food and Beverage Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Watch as White House spokesman Sean Spicer flubs Justin Trudeau's name in briefing Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Who has the best deals on high rate savings accounts? Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking Sports New breeds debut at the Westminster Dog Show News Trump and Netanyahu praise each other at joint news conference News Trump calls leaks 'illegal' and 'unfair' in defence of former national security adviser Flynn Report on Business Fed will likely raise interest rates: Yellen Life Rumor becomes top dog at Westminster show Report on Business U.S. firms in China change their tune on trade News Trudeau and Trump share handshake in Oval Office Report on Business 'Yellen trade' keeps world stocks riding high Technology India launches record 104 satellites in one go ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Workers in the ‘gig’ economy face challenges in saving for retirement Report on Business Marijuana industry searches for large spaces to grow crops More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business MasterCard Canada sets new tone in fee battle Life Eugene Melnyk launches campaign to shorten organ transplant wait times Most popular Fighting Trump’s ban to honour a ‘legacy of light and laughter and love’ CBC radio personality and Vinyl Cafe host Stuart McLean dead at 68 Feb. 16: Your daily horoscope Stuart McLean's bent vision Conservatives argue motion to condemn Islamophobia impacts freedom of speech X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2024 Global Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market: Overview Menopause is the stage during which women stop producing ovaries and there is an end of the fertile phase. It occurs in 85% of premenopausal women during their late 40s, resulting in the cessation of their menstrual cycle. Due to the cessation of menstrual flow, the production of estrogen decreases and gonadotropin increases, which gives rise to various physiological and psychological changes, called vasomotor symptoms. Vasomotor symptoms of menopause are the actions which are related to nerves and muscles that cause the blood vessels to dilate. Vasomotor symptoms of menopause are basically a transition between two phases: perimenopause and menopause. The major vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause are listed below: Hot flashes: Hot flash is one of the most frequent symptoms of menopause. During this condition, women feel enormous intensity of heat accompanied with excessive sweating. Hot flashes with sweating also occur at night and the condition is termed as night sweats which disturbs the sleep pattern of an individual. Formication: Formication is basically a form of paresthesia which results in an abnormal skin sensation, illusion or hallucination that some insects are crawling over the skin. It causes feelings of itchiness, tingling or even burning on the skin. Migraine: Due to the hormonal fluctuations of menstrual cycle, migraine headaches pose a serious impediment to women undergoing menopausal phase. They are a form of recurrent headaches that can last from few hours up to three days. Dysfunctional uterine bleeding: Due to abrupt changes in hormonal levels, ovulation becomes inconsistent causing endometrial hyperplasia to develop and result in abnormal bleeding. Psychological symptoms: There are a number of psychological symptoms associated with onset of menopause such as fatigue, anxiety, irritability, mood swings, insomnia etc. Global Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market: Segmentation There are various therapies related to vasomotor symptoms of menopause and henceforth the market can be segmented as follows: Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT): HRT is a hormone therapy which is given to women whose estrogen and progesterone hormone level have dropped enormously Selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERM): SERMs are a type of drugs that block the effect of estrogen in the breast cells and activate the action of estrogen in other cells such as uterine cells Gabapentin: They are a type of medications which reduces the effect of hot flash and night sweats Antidepressants: Few vasomotor symptoms are relieved with the aid of antidepressants. Example: fluoxetine and venlafaxine. The driving factors that will augment the growth of menopausal symptoms therapeutics market are introduction of new treatments and therapies in the market, increasing awareness among female patients about their health and use of non-hormonal therapies. Browse full report on Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/vasomotor-symptoms-men… Global Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market: Geographical Dynamics Geographically, North America dominates the menopause therapeutics market followed by Europe. According to NutritionMD, about 40% of North American women seek treatment for menopausal symptoms. Increasing cases of menopausal symptoms and the rising need of women population to go for novel therapies are the major factors, which have driven the growth of the menopausal symptoms therapeutic market. Asia-Pacific is one of the most rapidly developing region and the prime factors that will drive the growth of menopausal symptoms therapeutics market in this region are increasing geriatric female population with menopause disorders, and a shift in preference from hormonal therapies to non-hormonal therapies that will create an opportunity for many pharmaceutical companies to develop novel technologies and therapies. Global Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market: Company Profiles Some of the top market players of this market are Eli Lilly and Company. Procter & Gamble, Pfizer Inc., Ausio harmaceuticals, LLC, EndoCeutics, Inc., Edgemont Pharmaceuticals, LLC and many others. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. Request for brochure of this report – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Health, Health & Medicine, intelligence, major, Markets, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wet Macular Degeneration Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2024 Next PostNext Reperfusion Injury Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2024 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market Size, Analysis, Trends, Report, Share, Investment Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Stratistics MRC, one stop shop for all your market research needs. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Oleochemicals Fatty Acids market is estimated at $17.73 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $30.62 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2015 to 2022. Some of the key drivers of the market include consumer-driven demand and recyclability. Moreover, demand for food & beverages, soaps & detergents act as opportunities for the market growth. Exposure to consumer trends is favouring markets such as cleaning, beauty and food. Asia-Pacific held the largest share in 2015, China being the top contributor. Japan, China and India are the prominent countries with a huge demand for oleochemicals. Growing applications of oleochemicals in the soaps & detergents industry is boosting investments in the oleochemicals market. The demand for oleochemicals is rising in the pharmaceutical & personal care industry as consumers are becoming conscious about the environmental benefits and cost effectiveness offered by oleochemicals. Significant mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, and joint ventures are the industry trends that are playing a major role for the market growth. Order a copy at http://www.strategymrc.com/report/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-market-2016 Some of the key players in the market include 3F Group, Amyris, Arizona Chemical Company LLC, Cargill Incorporated, CREMER, Emery Oleochemicals, Evonik Industries, Genomatica, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, KLK OLEO, Mery Oleochemicals, P&G Chemicals, PT Musim Mas, Solazyme, Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company Pvt. Ltd and Wilmar International Ltd,. Request for a sample at http://www.strategymrc.com/report/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-market-2016 Scope of the Report: Products Covered: • Distilled Fatty Acids • Stearic Acid • Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids • Fractionated Fatty Acids • Glycerin • Fatty Alcohols • Oleic Acid • Caproic Acid Applications Covered: • Food and Beverages • Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care • Polymers • Soaps and Detergents • Agrochemicals • Lubricant & Grease • Coating & Resin • Paper, Candles and Waxes • Other Applications Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK  o Spain   o Rest of Europe     • Asia Pacific o Japan        o China        o India        o Australia        o New Zealand       o Rest of Asia Pacific     • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/automotive-sensors-market-size-analysis-trends-report-share-investment-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022_94884.html Media Contact Company Name: Stratistics Market Research Consulting Contact Person: James Lamb Email: Send Email Phone: +1-301-202-5929 City: Gaithersburg State: Maryland Country: United States Website: www.strategymrc.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Business, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Industry, major, Markets, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Technology, U.S., World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wounded Warrior Project Empowers Veterans at Powerlifting Clinic Next PostNext Gene That Helps Form Trauma-Related Memories May Also Help Prevent Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market Size, Analysis, Trends, Report, Share, Investment Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Stratistics MRC, one stop shop for all your market research needs.According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Oleochemicals Fatty Acids market is estimated at $17.73 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $30.62 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2015 to 2022. Some of the key drivers of the market include consumer-driven demand and recyclability. Moreover, demand for food & beverages, soaps & detergents act as opportunities for the market growth. Exposure to consumer trends is favouring markets such as cleaning, beauty and food. Asia-Pacific held the largest share in 2015, China being the top contributor. Japan, China and India are the prominent countries with a huge demand for oleochemicals. Growing applications of oleochemicals in the soaps & detergents industry is boosting investments in the oleochemicals market. The demand for oleochemicals is rising in the pharmaceutical & personal care industry as consumers are becoming conscious about the environmental benefits and cost effectiveness offered by oleochemicals. Significant mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, and joint ventures are the industry trends that are playing a major role for the market growth. Order a copy at http://www.strategymrc.com/report/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-market-2016 Some of the key players in the market include 3F Group, Amyris, Arizona Chemical Company LLC, Cargill Incorporated, CREMER, Emery Oleochemicals, Evonik Industries, Genomatica, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, KLK OLEO, Mery Oleochemicals, P&G Chemicals, PT Musim Mas, Solazyme, Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company Pvt. Ltd and Wilmar International Ltd,. Request for a sample at http://www.strategymrc.com/report/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-market-2016 Scope of the Report: Products Covered: • Distilled Fatty Acids • Stearic Acid • Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids • Fractionated Fatty Acids • Glycerin • Fatty Alcohols • Oleic Acid • Caproic Acid Applications Covered: • Food and Beverages • Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care • Polymers • Soaps and Detergents • Agrochemicals • Lubricant & Grease • Coating & Resin • Paper, Candles and Waxes • Other Applications Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK  o Spain   o Rest of Europe     • Asia Pacific o Japan        o China        o India        o Australia        o New Zealand       o Rest of Asia Pacific     • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/automotive-sensors-market-size-analysis-trends-report-share-investment-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022_94884.html Media Contact Company Name: Stratistics Market Research Consulting Contact Person: James Lamb Email: Send Email Phone: +1-301-202-5929 City: Gaithersburg State: Maryland Country: United States Website: www.strategymrc.com Source: www.abnewswire.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Business, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Industry, major, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Associa Chicagoland Hosts Open House for Remodeled Schaumburg Office Next PostNext Organic Virgin Olive Oil Market Overview, Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Red Cross Opens Shelters and Prepares for Massive Response to Possible Oroville Spillway Failure 2,200+ Already in Shelters Monday Morning News provided by American Red Cross Feb 13, 2017, 11:53 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, Feb. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The American Red Cross has launched a massive disaster response in northern California, where at least 188,000 people have been ordered to evacuate over the past 24 hours due to the potentially catastrophic failure of a spillway which is part of the Oroville Dam system. "The Red Cross has shelters open now and more relief supplies and disaster workers are on the way to provide assistance for people in harm's way," said Brad Kieserman, vice president, disaster operations and logistics for the Red Cross. "This is a potentially catastrophic situation – affecting thousands of people and homes – and our first priority is making sure people have a safe place to stay. We will be in the community to offer comfort and support for as long as needed." As many as 2,200 residents were in Red Cross and community shelters as of Monday morning, and the Red Cross is preparing to shelter and feed thousands more in the upcoming days. The evacuation orders came Sunday night in Butte and Yuba counties, Yuba City and Marysville, as damage was discovered to the Oroville spillway. The Oroville Dam is the tallest dam in the United States, and is a critical piece of the state's water system. The dam currently remains intact, but the emergency spillway is compromised. The governor of California has declared a state of emergency and substantial search and rescue help is being deployed, including the California National Guard and Highway Patrol, along with swift water rescue teams. DOWNLOAD EMERGENCY APP: Everyone should download the Red Cross Emergency App to have safety information available on their mobile device, including emergency weather alerts, safety information and open shelter locations. Red Cross apps are available in smartphone app stores by searching for the American Red Cross or going to redcross.org/apps. MAKE A DONATION We are thankful to those who would like to donate items for people evacuated in California – but the Red Cross is not equipped to manage, support, and distribute donated items. Instead, our priority is to get those affected settled at emergency shelters, and to provide supplies to meet immediate needs. Right now, the best way to help is through a financial donation. Help people affected by disasters like floods and countless other crises by making a donation to Red Cross Disaster Relief. Your gift enables the Red Cross to prepare for, respond to and help people recover from disasters big and small across the United States. Visit redcross.org, call 1-800-RED CROSS or text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation. CORPORATIONS HELP The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; General Motors Foundation; Grainger; The Home Depot Foundation; Humble Bundle; LDS Charities; Lowe's Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP Global; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: 3M; Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Bank of America; Boise Paper; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; McDonald's Corporation; Medtronic Foundation; Meijer; Merck Foundation; Mondelēz International Foundation; National Grid; PepsiCo Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; Reynolds American Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sprint; Sunoco; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; United Technologies Corporation; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Alcoa; Almost Family; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IHG Foundation; IKEA; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Land O'Lakes, Inc.; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Prudential Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; SC Johnson; ScriptRelief; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U-Haul International; U.S. Bank; The USAA Foundation; and Visa. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation's blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org or cruzrojaamericana.org, or visit us on Twitter at @RedCross.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/red-cross-opens-shelters-and-prepares-for-massive-response-to-possible-oroville-dam-failure-300406253.html SOURCE American Red Cross Related Links http://www.redcross.org Feb 14, 2017, 15:00 ET Preview: Four Red Cross Shelters Open in California Thousands Evacuated Due to Compromised Oroville Dam Spillway Jan 23, 2017, 13:07 ET Preview: Red Cross Helping from Coast to Coast in Wake of Devastating Storms My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 15, 2017, 15:07 ETRed Cross Response Continues Near Compromised Oroville Dam... Feb 14, 2017, 15:00 ETFour Red Cross Shelters Open in California Thousands Evacuated... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Public Safety Not For Profit You just read: Red Cross Opens Shelters and Prepares for Massive Response to Possible Oroville Spillway Failure News provided by American Red Cross Feb 13, 2017, 11:53 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Red Cross Opens Shelters and Prepares for Massive Response to Possible Oroville Dam Failure WASHINGTON, Feb. 13, 2017 — The American Red Cross has launched a massive disaster response in northern California, where at least 188,000 people have been ordered to evacuate over the past 24 hours due to the potentially catastrophic collapse of the Oroville Dam. “The Red Cross has shelters open now and more relief supplies and disaster workers are on the way to provide assistance for people in harm’s way,” said Brad Kieserman, vice president, disaster operations and logistics for the Red Cross. “This is a potentially catastrophic situation – affecting thousands of people and homes – and our first priority is making sure people have a safe place to stay. We will be in the community to offer comfort and support for as long as needed.” As many as 2,200 residents were in Red Cross and community shelters as of Monday morning, and the Red Cross is preparing to shelter and feed thousands more in the upcoming days. The evacuation orders came Sunday night in Butte and Yuba counties, Yuba City and Marysville, as damage was discovered to the Oroville Dam, the nation’s highest dam. The dam currently remains intact, but the emergency spillway is eroding. The governor of California has declared a state of emergency and substantial search and rescue help is being deployed, including the California National Guard and Highway Patrol, along with swift water rescue teams. DOWNLOAD EMERGENCY APP: Everyone should download the Red Cross Emergency App to have safety information available on their mobile device, including emergency weather alerts, safety information and open shelter locations. Red Cross apps are available in smartphone app stores by searching for the American Red Cross or going to redcross.org/apps. MAKE A DONATION We are thankful to those who would like to donate items for people evacuated in California – but the Red Cross is not equipped to manage, support, and distribute donated items. Instead, our priority is to get those affected settled at emergency shelters, and to provide supplies to meet immediate needs. Right now, the best way to help is through a financial donation. Help people affected by disasters like floods and countless other crises by making a donation to Red Cross Disaster Relief. Your gift enables the Red Cross to prepare for, respond to and help people recover from disasters big and small across the United States. Visit redcross.org, call 1-800-RED CROSS or text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation. CORPORATIONS HELP The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; General Motors Foundation; Grainger; The Home Depot Foundation; Humble Bundle; LDS Charities; Lowe’s Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP Global; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: 3M; Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Bank of America; Boise Paper; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; McDonald’s Corporation; Medtronic Foundation; Meijer; Merck Foundation; Mondelēz International Foundation; National Grid; PepsiCo Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; Reynolds American Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sprint; Sunoco; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; United Technologies Corporation; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Alcoa; Almost Family; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IHG Foundation; IKEA; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Land O’Lakes, Inc.; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Prudential Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; SC Johnson; ScriptRelief; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U-Haul International; U.S. Bank; The USAA Foundation; and Visa. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation’s blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org or cruzrojaamericana.org, or visit us on Twitter at @RedCross. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/red-cross-opens-shelters-and-prepares-for-massive-response-to-possible-oroville-dam-failure-300406253.html SOURCE American Red Cross CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, evacuate, general, Home and Garden, military, Nation, rescue, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Four-Wheel-Drive Tractor Machine Market Research Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply Chain and Analysis to 2016 – 2021 Next PostNext Derivatives – New Strikes Stock Products 31/17 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Situs Selected as Loan Servicer, Facility and Security Agent to Loan Portfolio Acquired by Colony Northstar, Inc., in Ireland Qumu Adds FocalCast Integration for Enterprise-Grade Recording and Streaming of Collaboration Sessions London & Partners: London Tech Week Unveils Headline Events for Europe’s Largest Festival of Tech New ‘Open Source Days’ Program Launches as Part of OpenStack Summit in Boston Apetit Oyj:n tilinpäätöstiedotteen 2016 julkistaminen ja kutsu tiedotustilaisuuteen Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Red Cross Opens Shelters and Prepares for Massive Response to Possible Oroville Dam Failure WASHINGTON, Feb. 13, 2017 — The American Red Cross has launched a massive disaster response in northern California, where at least 188,000 people have been ordered to evacuate over the past 24 hours due to the potentially catastrophic collapse of the Oroville Dam. „The Red Cross has shelters open now and more relief supplies and disaster workers are on the way to provide assistance for people in harm’s way,” said Brad Kieserman, vice president, disaster operations and logistics for the Red Cross. „This is a potentially catastrophic situation – affecting thousands of people and homes – and our first priority is making sure people have a safe place to stay. We will be in the community to offer comfort and support for as long as needed.” As many as 2,200 residents were in Red Cross and community shelters as of Monday morning, and the Red Cross is preparing to shelter and feed thousands more in the upcoming days. The evacuation orders came Sunday night in Butte and Yuba counties, Yuba City and Marysville, as damage was discovered to the Oroville Dam, the nation’s highest dam. The dam currently remains intact, but the emergency spillway is eroding. The governor of California has declared a state of emergency and substantial search and rescue help is being deployed, including the California National Guard and Highway Patrol, along with swift water rescue teams. DOWNLOAD EMERGENCY APP: Everyone should download the Red Cross Emergency App to have safety information available on their mobile device, including emergency weather alerts, safety information and open shelter locations. Red Cross apps are available in smartphone app stores by searching for the American Red Cross or going to redcross.org/apps. MAKE A DONATION We are thankful to those who would like to donate items for people evacuated in California – but the Red Cross is not equipped to manage, support, and distribute donated items. Instead, our priority is to get those affected settled at emergency shelters, and to provide supplies to meet immediate needs. Right now, the best way to help is through a financial donation. Help people affected by disasters like floods and countless other crises by making a donation to Red Cross Disaster Relief. Your gift enables the Red Cross to prepare for, respond to and help people recover from disasters big and small across the United States. Visit redcross.org, call 1-800-RED CROSS or text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation. CORPORATIONS HELP The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; General Motors Foundation; Grainger; The Home Depot Foundation; Humble Bundle; LDS Charities; Lowe’s Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP Global; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: 3M; Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Bank of America; Boise Paper; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; McDonald’s Corporation; Medtronic Foundation; Meijer; Merck Foundation; Mondelēz International Foundation; National Grid; PepsiCo Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; Reynolds American Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sprint; Sunoco; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; United Technologies Corporation; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Alcoa; Almost Family; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IHG Foundation; IKEA; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Land O’Lakes, Inc.; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Prudential Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; SC Johnson; ScriptRelief; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U-Haul International; U.S. Bank; The USAA Foundation; and Visa. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation’s blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org or cruzrojaamericana.org, or visit us on Twitter at @RedCross.   SOURCE American Red Cross CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, evacuate, general, Home and Garden, military, Nation, Not For Profit, Public Safety, rescue, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dawn J. Bennett, Host of Financial Myth Busting, Interviews Dr. Herb London, President of the London Center for Policy Research Next PostNext Top 3 Trends Impacting the Global Industrial Box PC Market Through 2021: Technavio Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Red Cross Opens Shelters and Prepares for Massive Response to Possible Oroville Dam Failure WASHINGTON, Feb. 13, 2017 — The American Red Cross has launched a massive disaster response in northern California, where at least 188,000 people have been ordered to evacuate over the past 24 hours due to the potentially catastrophic collapse of the Oroville Dam. „The Red Cross has shelters open now and more relief supplies and disaster workers are on the way to provide assistance for people in harm’s way,” said Brad Kieserman, vice president, disaster operations and logistics for the Red Cross. „This is a potentially catastrophic situation – affecting thousands of people and homes – and our first priority is making sure people have a safe place to stay. We will be in the community to offer comfort and support for as long as needed.” As many as 2,200 residents were in Red Cross and community shelters as of Monday morning, and the Red Cross is preparing to shelter and feed thousands more in the upcoming days. The evacuation orders came Sunday night in Butte and Yuba counties, Yuba City and Marysville, as damage was discovered to the Oroville Dam, the nation’s highest dam. The dam currently remains intact, but the emergency spillway is eroding. The governor of California has declared a state of emergency and substantial search and rescue help is being deployed, including the California National Guard and Highway Patrol, along with swift water rescue teams. DOWNLOAD EMERGENCY APP: Everyone should download the Red Cross Emergency App to have safety information available on their mobile device, including emergency weather alerts, safety information and open shelter locations. Red Cross apps are available in smartphone app stores by searching for the American Red Cross or going to redcross.org/apps. MAKE A DONATION We are thankful to those who would like to donate items for people evacuated in California – but the Red Cross is not equipped to manage, support, and distribute donated items. Instead, our priority is to get those affected settled at emergency shelters, and to provide supplies to meet immediate needs. Right now, the best way to help is through a financial donation. Help people affected by disasters like floods and countless other crises by making a donation to Red Cross Disaster Relief. Your gift enables the Red Cross to prepare for, respond to and help people recover from disasters big and small across the United States. Visit redcross.org, call 1-800-RED CROSS or text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation. CORPORATIONS HELP The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; General Motors Foundation; Grainger; The Home Depot Foundation; Humble Bundle; LDS Charities; Lowe’s Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP Global; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: 3M; Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Bank of America; Boise Paper; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; McDonald’s Corporation; Medtronic Foundation; Meijer; Merck Foundation; Mondelēz International Foundation; National Grid; PepsiCo Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; Reynolds American Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sprint; Sunoco; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; United Technologies Corporation; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Alcoa; Almost Family; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IHG Foundation; IKEA; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Land O’Lakes, Inc.; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Prudential Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; SC Johnson; ScriptRelief; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U-Haul International; U.S. Bank; The USAA Foundation; and Visa. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation’s blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org or cruzrojaamericana.org, or visit us on Twitter at @RedCross.   SOURCE American Red Cross CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, evacuate, general, Home and Garden, military, Nation, Not For Profit, Public Safety, rescue, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dawn J. Bennett, Host of Financial Myth Busting, Interviews Dr. Herb London, President of the London Center for Policy Research Next PostNext Top 3 Trends Impacting the Global Industrial Box PC Market Through 2021: Technavio Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Situs Selected as Loan Servicer, Facility and Security Agent to Loan Portfolio Acquired by Colony Northstar, Inc., in Ireland Qumu Adds FocalCast Integration for Enterprise-Grade Recording and Streaming of Collaboration Sessions London & Partners: London Tech Week Unveils Headline Events for Europe’s Largest Festival of Tech New ‘Open Source Days’ Program Launches as Part of OpenStack Summit in Boston Apetit Oyj:n tilinpäätöstiedotteen 2016 julkistaminen ja kutsu tiedotustilaisuuteen Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,612 +107.45 +0.52% Nasdaq 5,819 +36.87 +0.64% S&P 500 2,349 +11.67 +0.50% 4:27 A.M. ET Miners, oil giants pull FTSE 100 back from 1-month high 4:03 A.M. ET Airbus faces court battle with Austrian ministry 3:57 A.M. ET Updated This may be the one currency call Trump’s administration got right 3:54 A.M. ET Nestlé sales miss target; plans cost cuts 3:37 A.M. ET Death of Kim Jong Nam: Second woman arrested over airport attack 3:25 A.M. ET Opinion Multinationals learn the limits of being big 3:24 A.M. ET Cobham sinks 22% after writedown, guidance cut 3:22 A.M. ET Updated The Nasdaq is partying like it’s 1999, by this metric 3:21 A.M. ET Updated How one key Trump trade has regained its fizz — in one chart 3:11 A.M. ET Fiat Chrysler climbs 1.4% after car sales jump 15% in Europe 3:10 A.M. ET Nestle slips 1.4% at the open after sales slow 3:08 A.M. ET Updated What’s behind Russia’s jauntier mood? Way more than Trump, says this bank CEO 3:07 A.M. ET Updated The reflation trade is back on 3:06 A.M. ET Updated The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 3:05 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens flat at 4,925.30 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Yellen may have offered the clearest explanation for the stock market’s record run 3:05 A.M. ET Updated ‘Mellow’ Charlie Munger says Trump ‘not wrong on everything’ 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens flat around 11,794.25 3:04 A.M. ET Updated Small businesses to strike Thursday to protest Trump’s immigration policies 3:03 A.M. ET Updated How U.S. crude-oil inventories rose to their highest level ever Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Red Cross Opens Shelters and Prepares for Massive Response to Possible Oroville Dam Failure By Published: Feb 13, 2017 11:53 a.m. ET Share 2,200+ Already in Shelters Monday Morning WASHINGTON, Feb. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The American Red Cross has launched a massive disaster response in northern California, where at least 188,000 people have been ordered to evacuate over the past 24 hours due to the potentially catastrophic collapse of the Oroville Dam. "The Red Cross has shelters open now and more relief supplies and disaster workers are on the way to provide assistance for people in harm's way," said Brad Kieserman, vice president, disaster operations and logistics for the Red Cross. "This is a potentially catastrophic situation – affecting thousands of people and homes – and our first priority is making sure people have a safe place to stay. We will be in the community to offer comfort and support for as long as needed." As many as 2,200 residents were in Red Cross and community shelters as of Monday morning, and the Red Cross is preparing to shelter and feed thousands more in the upcoming days. The evacuation orders came Sunday night in Butte and Yuba counties, Yuba City and Marysville, as damage was discovered to the Oroville Dam, the nation's highest dam. The dam currently remains intact, but the emergency spillway is eroding. The governor of California has declared a state of emergency and substantial search and rescue help is being deployed, including the California National Guard and Highway Patrol, along with swift water rescue teams. DOWNLOAD EMERGENCY APP : Everyone should download the Red Cross Emergency App to have safety information available on their mobile device, including emergency weather alerts, safety information and open shelter locations. Red Cross apps are available in smartphone app stores by searching for the American Red Cross or going to redcross.org/apps. MAKE A DONATION We are thankful to those who would like to donate items for people evacuated in California – but the Red Cross is not equipped to manage, support, and distribute donated items. Instead, our priority is to get those affected settled at emergency shelters, and to provide supplies to meet immediate needs. Right now, the best way to help is through a financial donation. Help people affected by disasters like floods and countless other crises by making a donation to Red Cross Disaster Relief. Your gift enables the Red Cross to prepare for, respond to and help people recover from disasters big and small across the United States. Visit redcross.org, call 1-800-RED CROSS or text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation. CORPORATIONS HELP  The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; General Motors Foundation; Grainger; The Home Depot Foundation; Humble Bundle; LDS Charities; Lowe's Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP Global; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: 3M; Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Bank of America; Boise Paper; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; McDonald's Corporation; Medtronic Foundation; Meijer; Merck Foundation; Mondel�“z International Foundation; National Grid; PepsiCo Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; Reynolds American Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sprint; Sunoco; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; United Technologies Corporation; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Alcoa; Almost Family; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IHG Foundation; IKEA; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Land O'Lakes, Inc.; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Prudential Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; SC Johnson; ScriptRelief; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U-Haul International; U.S. Bank; The USAA Foundation; and Visa. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation's blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit  redcross.org   or cruzrojaamericana.org , or visit us on Twitter at  @RedCross .   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/red-cross-opens-shelters-and-prepares-for-massive-response-to-possible-oroville-dam-failure-300406253.html SOURCE American Red Cross Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 The reflation trade is back on Intelligence officials withhold sensitive information from Trump: report The tipping point for renewable energy is nearly here NetApp finally catches up, but may already be behind MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Warehouses are the new mansions View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Sponsored Content Realtor.com: The 5 biggest mistakes veteran and military home buyers make View More Financial News Executive stress on the rise for finance workers View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Laundry Care Market – Global Industry Size, Market Share, Trends, Analysis And Forecasts Upto 2018 Description Laundry care market is changing drastically since past few years as consumers have started finding value in their purchases. With US economy still recovering from economic downturn, many consumers are evaluating their purchasing habits to ensure that they obtain greatest value for their money. Increasing preference for scented laundry care products and allergenic/ green products, and development of new products is gaining consumer acceptance and accelerating the growth of laundry care industry. Most market segments are growing at more than 5% growth rate annually. Detergent liquid – the largest market segment of laundry care industry has undergone double digit growth. Download Research Brochure PDF@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… With recovery from global economic downturn and increasing spending on personal hygiene, there is an increasing demand for laundry care products and this industry is expected to accelerate in developing nations in coming few years due to product innovations and reduction in prices because of increasing competition. Market Segmentation Based on Product Laundry Detergents Fabric Softeners Bleach Other Specialty Products Eco-Friendly Products This research report analyzes this market based on its market segments and major geographies. This research report provides complete analysis of major market segments, current market trends, factors driving market growth, restraints, industry structure, and market projections for upcoming years. This report also provides analysis of technological improvements in this industry, Porter’s five force model analysis, and complete company profiles of top market players. It provides review of micro and macro factors significant for existing market players and new entrants along with detailed value chain analysis. Geographies analyzed under this research study are North America Asia Pacific Europe Rest of the World Major Players Some of the key players dominating this market are Procter & Gamble, Unilever, The Clorox Company, The Dial Corporation, Church & Dwight, USA Detergents, Colgate-Palmolive Company Ltd., Reckitt Benckiser Inc., SC Johnson and Son Inc., Orange Glo International, Huish Detergents, and others. Browse Full Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/laundry-care-market.html About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Economy, Fashion, Lifestyle, Trends, force, Industry, intelligence, major, Markets, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 to 2021 Global Shower Curtain Liner Market Research Report Next PostNext 2017 Prediction Energy Recovery Ventilators Market Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Hygiene Products Market: Detailed Information about Major Competitors and their Industry Strategies Description Some of the major factors driving the growth of hygiene products market are rising concerns about personal hygiene and product innovations. Although, feminine hygiene products share the maximum market size, men’s hygiene products are also growing in demand. This is opening new opportunities for the hygiene product manufacturers to develop innovative personal care products. This market is witnessing phenomenal growth since the past few years as a result of improvement in standards of living and the growth in public attention towards women’s health. Full-fledged advertising and commercialization are some of the recent trends influencing the growth of this industry. With new product innovations, this industry is graduating to a competitive environment with a number of manufacturers entering the market. The market is flooded with various hygiene products, and every product claims to offer comfort and varied designs. Download Research Brochure PDF@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Market Segmentation Based on product type: Sanitary Pads/Towels Tampons Panty Liners This research report analyzes this market based on different market segments and major geographies like North America, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, and the Rest of the World. This report provides a comprehensive study of the current market trends, industry growth drivers, restraints, market structure, and market projections for the coming years. It also includes an analysis of the recent technological developments in the market, Porter’s five force model analysis, and detailed industry profiles of the top market players. It provides a review of the micro and macro factors significant for the existing market players and new entrants along with detailed value chain analysis. Some of the key players dominating this market are L’Oreal, Godrej, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly Clark, P & G, Wintex, SCA, Lil-lets Group, Natracare Bodywise (UK) Ltd, PayChest Inc, Playtex Products, Procter & Gamble, Unicharm, Kao Corporation, and others. Browse Full Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hygiene-products-marke… About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Business, Companies, company, Environment, Fashion, Lifestyle, Trends, force, Health, Industry, intelligence, major, Markets, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Computer-aided Engineering Market – Industry Shares, Market Strategies And Key Players Next PostNext Data Center SAN Market to 2021 Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Industry Size Analysis Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Feminine Care Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Trends, Analysis, And Forecast Analysis Till 2018 Description Feminine care industry is loaded with intense competition, product innovation, changing consumer preferences and increasing consumer health concerns. The major challenge faced by this industry is its ability to maintain pace with the changing lifestyle, attitudes, and ideas of customers. Increasing adoption of physically active lifestyle among women is another significant factor driving the market growth. Use of innovative tampons and ultra thin sanitary pads is growing in demand as protection products as working women and adolescents are sporting figure hugging dresses, swimsuits, and spandex outfits. Worldwide, the feminine care market is experiencing tremendous growth since the past few years as a result of the growing consciousness for personal hygiene and healthcare. Download Research Brochure PDF@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific collectively account for over 80% of the feminine hygiene products market. The Asia-Pacific market with its vast population is one of the fastest growing regions for feminine care products. Technology innovations and better user safety is driving the sanitary pads segment as a popular feminine care product worldwide. Market Segmentation Segmentation Based on Products Sanitary Pads Internal Cleansers Pant liners and Shields Tampons Disposable Razors and Blades This research report on the feminine care industry includes an analysis of its market segments and major geographies. This report includes a comprehensive analysis of the current industry trends, market growth drivers, restraints, market structure, and market projections for the coming years. It also includes an analysis of the technological expansion of the market, Porter’s five force model analysis, and complete company profiles of the top industry players. It provides a review of the micro and macro factors significant with respect to the new entrants and existing market players. Major geographies analyzed under this research report are: Europe North America Asia-Pacific Rest of the World Major Players Some of the key players dominating this market are Procter & Gamble, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Asda, Body Shop, Boots, Co-Op/Somerfield, Lloyds, Morrisons, Sainsbury’s, Saver, Superdrug, Tesco, Waitrose, Ahold, Costco, Delhaize, Kroger, Loblaw, Publix, Safeway, Wal-Mart, and others. Browse Full Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/feminine-care-market.html About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Fashion, Lifestyle, Trends, force, Health, Industry, intelligence, Lifestyle, major, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Data Center SAN Market to 2021 Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Industry Size Analysis Next PostNext Physical Vapor Deposition Market – Strong Growth Witnessed Outlook By 2016 – 2024 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Situs Selected as Loan Servicer, Facility and Security Agent to Loan Portfolio Acquired by Colony Northstar, Inc., in Ireland Qumu Adds FocalCast Integration for Enterprise-Grade Recording and Streaming of Collaboration Sessions London & Partners: London Tech Week Unveils Headline Events for Europe’s Largest Festival of Tech New ‘Open Source Days’ Program Launches as Part of OpenStack Summit in Boston Apetit Oyj:n tilinpäätöstiedotteen 2016 julkistaminen ja kutsu tiedotustilaisuuteen Proudly powered by WordPress
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Buffett's Berkshire Piles On Shares Of Apple, Airlines, Cuts Wal-Mart BILL PETERS 2/14/2017 Reprints Loading the player... Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRKB) vastly increased its stake in Apple (AAPL) in the fourth quarter while slashing its positions in Wal-Mart (WMT) and Verizon (VZ), according to a regulatory filing on Tuesday. Berkshire boosted its stake in the iPhone maker to 57.4 million shares, up from 15.2 million in the prior quarter. Hedge-fund manager David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital also increased its stake in Apple by 11% to more than 5.8 million shares. After long steering clear of the industry, Buffett also continued to load up on shares of airlines, adding 23.8 million to his American Airlines (AAL) stake, 53.7 million to Delta Air Lines (DAL) and 24.4 million to United Airlines (UAL) as well as taking a new, 43.2 million-share stake in Southwest Airlines (LUV). He cut all but 928 shares worth of his stake in Verizon, and cut his stake in Wal-Mart from about 15 million shares to around 1.4 million shares. Apple is the top performing stock on the Dow Jones industrial average in 2017. Verizon is the Dow's worst performer in 2017 and over the last six months. Wal-Mart is the second worst-performer on the Dow in the past six months. Apple edged up 0.2% late, after setting a new all-time high in the stock market today. Shares dipped in Q4 but jumped early this month as strong iPhone sales last quarter eased some concerns about waning demand. American climbed 2.3% after hours, United rose 1.7%, Delta gained 1.9% and Southwest added 1.5%. Verizon dipped 0.2%, and Wal-Mart lost 0.1%. Berkshire's B shares were up 0.1% late, after closing up 0.7% at 166.95, near a buy point of 167.35. Berkshire also took a new, 8 million-share stake in agricultural giant Monsanto (MON), which is being bought by Bayer, and a new 167 million-share stake in Sirius XM (SIRI). Sirius jumped 3% after the bell, while Monsanto added 0.9%. Buffett dissolved his stake in Deere (DE), which has struggled as the impact of low crop prices filters through to farmers' spending on equipment. Meanwhile, Procter & Gamble (PG) climbed 2.9% on news that activist investor Trian had taken a stake of more than $3 billion in the consumer-care products giant. Procter & Gamble has been a middling Dow performer in 2017 as the company slashes costs and focuses on core brands. RELATED: What Will Berkshire Filing Show As Loeb Cuts Facebook, Apple Stakes? Apple, Nike, Visa Among Dow's Top 5 Gainers So Far This Year   BILL PETERS | Facebook | @IBD_BPeters Share this: Related news Facebook Push Into Video Allows Time To Catch Up On AI Applications 2/15/2017 Facebook is making the right choice in targeting video as a top priority, allowing it more time to catch up... 2/15/2017 Facebook is making the right choice in targeting video as... Soros Goes For Facebook, Appaloosa Cuts Apple; Airlines Popular Apple Stock Hits Record High On Cash Return Talk; Gets Price-Target Hike Stock Market Rallies On Data, Trump Tax Talk; Buffett Boosts Airlines, Apple Possible OLED Use In Apple Phones Seen Boosting Two Screen Tech Firms Trump Could Make The Ex-Im Bank Great Again For Boeing, GE How Mayhem, Drama Can Help The American Mall Cheat Death Apple (AAPL) Stock Quotes, Company News And Chart Analysis Stock Indexes Up Solidly; Apple Reverses Lower Today's Spotlight New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. MarketSmith Premium Get on the fast track to New Year profits with a MarketSmith trial. Free IBD Trading Summits Attend a Summit in Long Island (2/25) or Cupertino (3/4) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! More News Fidelity managers made a 53% net addition to their share count in aerospace and defense contractor Northrop Grumman. (Northrop Grumman) Did Fidelity's Q4 Stock Buys And Sells Affect Your Retirement Account? Apple's CFO said the tech titan would likely use tax reform to repatriate cash for shareholder returns, not U.S. investments. (Apple) Sorry Trump: Apple Plans To Use Tax Cuts To Return Capital, Not Create Jobs Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report (JStone/Shutterstock) Donald Trump News & Tweets: ObamaCare, Immigration, Trade, Economy Track Trump's latest moves and tweets. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Last Week Was a Beta Is Twitter the Most Powerful Money Loser of All Time? Analysis: Twitter still lost money during an election season when the service was a major part of the story nearly every day By Brady Dale • 02/13/17 1:25pm President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with Intel CEO Brian Krzanich at the White House February 8, 2017. Krzanich announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Arizona. Chris Kleponis-Pool/Getty Images This post is from “Last Week Was a Beta,” the Innovation channel’s technology news week in review. It must be frustrating running Twitter. Last week, Intel announced it would spend $7 billion on a factory in Arizona because it’s afraid of the President’s tweets. In fairness, it didn’t announce that it was afraid of his tweets, but that’s how it looks. Ever since the then president-elect’s wrestling match with Carrier over a factory relocation, primarily conducted via the microblog, big companies have been cautious about announcing moves against American workers. Intel, for its part, seems to have picked a way to get out ahead of any presidential ire. Not only did it not announce any firings, it went out of its way to let the president be seen getting credit for adding jobs. This looks like what financiers would call a hedge. Odds are, Intel knows it might later make moves the president doesn’t like, but the president might be less inclined to call the chipmaker out after he and its CEO have shared this special moment. CEOs hesitated to speak up until they knew they wouldn’t have to go it alone. If they’d condemned it one by one, they knew there would be tweeted consequences. Intel would probably quibble with this characterization of its decision, but here’s what’s clear: the company announced the factory investment in an Oval Office press conference coordinated with the president, as The New York Times reported. This president has been one of the most ardent users of his office’s bully pulpit in recent memory, and Twitter has been a great tool for him to work applying that public pressure into his day. He doesn’t have to organize a speech, call a press conference or even step out of his office. All he has to do is pick up his mobile and type a message out. It doesn’t always work, though. The president also went after Nordstrom last week for dropping his daughter, Ivanka Trump’s, clothing line. In the end, the retail chain seems to have come out ahead in the altercation, but who wins and who loses in a social media tête-à-tête with the commander-in-chief comes down to who a company’s customers are, as Bloomberg explained. It’s also worth adding that Intel probably also coordinated with the president in order to score points as the White House pursues major policy changes, such as a complete restructuring of how corporate taxes work. For example, House Republicans have been actively pressing the administration to consider changing America’s tax structure away from a profit-oriented tax and focusing solely on money earned inside the US border. Multinationals like Intel would want a place at the table as deals like this get considered. Theater like last week’s factory announcement gives the company a bargaining chip for access. But Intel, like every other major company, also doesn’t want to be the target of a Trump tweet storm. We saw that reticence a week ago as the tech industry finally came out as one condemning the president’s immigration order. CEOs hesitated to speak up until they knew they wouldn’t have to go it alone. If they’d condemned it one by one, they knew there would be tweeted consequences. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey. Bill Pugliano/Getty Images So if the service is so powerful, why can’t it make money? Twitter earnings for the last quarter came out last week. Not only did it miss its target by $23 million, it lost $167 million. These steep losses came during Twitter’s prime time: the US presidential election. Twitter’s fiscal year runs the calendar year. It’s fourth quarter started on September 30, according to Yahoo Finance. During the election, Twitter was in the news nearly every day thanks the new President’s frequent tweeting during the campaign. If Twitter can’t make money during its prime time, when can it make money? In fact, Twitter lost $457 million for the year. Contrast it with the news from Facebook last week. Facebook turned 12 this month, but has only now finally showed signs of actually letting its customers verify the statistics the company uses to charge them. Last week, we reported on very public remarks by an executive of Procter & Gamble who said the company just won’t buy ads on sites that don’t have a third party verifying their statistics. Those remarks seem to have hit home. Menlo Park announced plans to give its advertisers more confidence in its numbers, but even with frustration growing, Facebook still makes lots of money. So even with bungled numbers and frustration in corporate America was turning against it, the world’s dominant social network ended the last quarter of 2016 with $3.5 billion in net income. That’s pretty good, but it’s still half as much as Intel plans to spend because (at least in part) it doesn’t want the White House sending any derogatory tweets its way. Seen in that light, one has to wonder if CEO Jack Dorsey isn’t sitting around asking himself how he can get in on his own company’s action. Up Next‘Legion’ Recap 2×02: Is Dan Stevens this Century’s Nicolas Cage? Article continues below More from Culture ‘Legion’ Recap 2×02: Is Dan Stevens this Century’s Nicolas Cage? Must Reads Up Next‘Legion’ Recap 2×02: Is Dan Stevens this Century’s Nicolas Cage? Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
