Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Sold by Gratus Capital LLC Intact Investment Management Inc. Has $1,889,000 Position in AT&T Inc. (T) B & T Capital Management DBA Alpha Capital Management Boosts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Gratus Capital LLC Lowers Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Ambac Financial Group, Inc. (AMBC) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) Rating Reiterated by William Blair Regions Financial Corp’s (RF) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (SEAS) Coverage Initiated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Now Covered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Compass Group plc (CPG) Price Target Cut to GBX 1,665 Daily Mail and General Trust plc (DMGT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital Shore Capital Reiterates not rated Rating for Caledonia Mining Corporation Plc Com (CMCL) Renaissance Technologies LLC Invests $3.647 Million in Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Renaissance Technologies LLC Acquires 46,800 Shares of Green Bancorp Inc (GNBC) Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys Shares of 356,849 Itau Unibanco Holding SA (ITUB) Renaissance Technologies LLC Sells 33,000 Shares of Black Knight Financial Services Inc (BKFS) 4,139 Shares in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Acquired by Meridian Wealth Management LLC Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Monetary Management Group Inc.’s Largest Position FY2017 EPS Estimates for Quanta Services Inc Reduced by FBR & Co (PWR) B & T Capital Management DBA Alpha Capital Management Boosts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) April 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet B & T Capital Management DBA Alpha Capital Management boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 2.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 29,738 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 781 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co makes up about 1.7% of B & T Capital Management DBA Alpha Capital Management’s holdings, making the stock its 15th largest position. B & T Capital Management DBA Alpha Capital Management’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $2,500,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Evanson Asset Management LLC raised its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Evanson Asset Management LLC now owns 6,351 shares of the company’s stock valued at $570,000 after buying an additional 23 shares during the last quarter. Laurel Grove Capital LLC raised its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.0% in the third quarter. Laurel Grove Capital LLC now owns 2,525 shares of the company’s stock valued at $227,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the last quarter. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV raised its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV now owns 6,747 shares of the company’s stock valued at $606,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the last quarter. Sterling Global Strategies LLC raised its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Sterling Global Strategies LLC now owns 11,266 shares of the company’s stock valued at $947,000 after buying an additional 47 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Loudon Investment Management LLC raised its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Loudon Investment Management LLC now owns 2,515 shares of the company’s stock valued at $211,000 after buying an additional 48 shares during the last quarter. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 89.23 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $228.11 billion, a PE ratio of 16.35 and a beta of 0.64. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $90.30 and a 200-day moving average price of $86.97. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12 month low of $79.10 and a 12 month high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.04 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/10/b-t-capital-management-dba-alpha-capital-management-boosts-position-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. Several research firms recently issued reports on PG. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 target price on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Zacks Investment Research raised Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered Procter & Gamble Co from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $86.00 to $77.00 in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $90.73. In other news, CFO Jon R. Moeller sold 3,411 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.21, for a total transaction of $311,117.31. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO David S. Taylor sold 38,000 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $88.55, for a total value of $3,364,900.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
396617 3471 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Ict . Mission NOT Impossible -- the new age of transparency in China's programmatic buying Mission NOT Impossible -- the new age of transparency in China's programmatic buying ICT Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 10/04/2017 15:06 SEATTLE, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Programmatic buying is blooming in the spring of the Chinese advertising market. According to eMarketer, investment on programmatic buying in China will reach 16.7 billion dollars in 2017, with a 51.5% increase than 2016. However, as many unqualified companies flooded into the industry, underneath the image of prosperity, the threat of non-transparency reveals. Transparency is a challenging goal for the Chinese market because the fraud network is deeply embedded in the entire industry of advertising. Digital advertising is under attack by unethical behaviors of some companies who intentionally leave technologies unclarified, fall into moral myopia, pursue only short-term profits, or refuse to disclose key information. The ubiquity of fraud significantly hurt advertisers' trust in digital advertising, and they decided to fight back. At this year's IAB Annual Leadership Meeting, P&G Chief Marketing Officer Marc Pritchard called for ad agencies to get to "a transparent, clean and productive media supply chain" in the face of "crappy advertising accompanied by even crappier viewing experiences." Like P&G, advertisers will no longer waste their time and money on a non-transparent media supply chain. Driving industry-wide transparency becomes the top priority for advertisers. According to Grace Huang, founder and CEO of iPinYou, "Advertisers distrust digital advertising due to the fact that the entire digital advertising chain is like a black box. As some companies unethically brag about the technologies they don't really possess, the negative impact of the black box is amplified. Breaking the black box becomes inevitable." To address the need of transparency, all media and technology companies must take actions immediately. As the leading DSP company with over 59% market share in China, iPinYou takes the lead in promoting a transparent, clean and safe digital advertising environment. Since its establishment, iPinYou always focuses on providing the most premium traffic to clients. With zero tolerance on fraud, iPinYou promises that once fraud is detected, all traffic will be refunded. Taking a bottom-up approach, iPinYou developed products based on big data and artificial intelligence, which aims to solve clients' problem of inefficiency. It ensures that iPinYou always represents the advertisers' interest. To achieve the goal of transparency, iPinYou has taken various strategies. First of all, iPinYou invested specialized expertise and advanced facilities. The company built anti-fraud forces, who conducted massive calculations. It aims at transparency with both hardware and software supports. iPinYou is highly confident in its business scale and competitiveness, which are essential in the anti-fraud battle. Second, iPinYou keeps building core technologies in big data and artificial intelligence. It provides intelligence solutions which do not only serve clients with multi-dimensional value-added intelligent data, but also create unconventional marketing models. iPinYou launched the digital advertising management platform Optimus Prime. Its features enable a transparent user experience including transparent billing, transparent data, and transparent traffic. Lastly, iPinYou has partnered with 15 industry leaders in the media supply chain in 2016, including advertisers, third-party tracking firms, and advertising associations. Together, the partnership made significant contributions to anti-fraud endeavors. iPinYou has set benchmarks for key evaluation metrics. Cooperated with world's leading digital advertising companies XAXIS and Integral Ad Science (IAS), iPinYou published "Digital Advertising Anti-Fraud Best Practices." Because of the determination on transparency, iPinYou earned trust from advertisers. Living through years of fierce competition in the Chinese market, iPinYou won the championship in programmatic buying. Holding tight on the principle of creating maximum value for customers, iPinYou will persistently pursue transparency through its big data and artificial intelligence technologies, and strategic partnership with industry leaders. For more information, visit www.ipinyou.com, or contact international@ipinyou.com Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Reti Rai cambiano veste Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Isola dei Famosi, ecco chi vince 2. "Cos'è Selvaggia Lucarelli?", l'analisi spietata del prof Saraceni. E lei replica 3. Trenitalia e Italo, ecco chi viaggia gratis 4. Def e Manovra, tutte le novità 5. Continua caccia a Igor "il serbo" Video G7, al via vertice Lucca: sul tavolo Siria e terrorismo E.T., Gundam e tanti altri....... Reti Rai cambiano veste Il suono della F1 diventa musica Ecco Iris, triciclo elettrico AstroPeggy, l'astronauta Usa dei record Gli All Blacks placcano gli abitanti di Tokyo nel nuovo spot pubblicitario Architetti 'fai da te', la casa si progetta con un software Kaspar, robot vicino ai bambini autistici In Evidenza Alimenti, esperto: integratori per sport? Meglio bresaola e succhi con sale Salone Internazionale del Mobile 2017, tra qualità e tecnologia A Verona la 51ma edizione di Vinitaly Idee in gara per crescere, al via 'Open Accelerator' di Zambon In Italia 4 mln di diabetici, cura precoce abbatte le complicanze Fibrosi cistica, su cure negli adulti convegno a Umberto I Roma Da Eni percorsi tecnici per giovani donne, torna 'Think about tomorrow' /Video Sanità, da Gsk Italia un 'ecosistema' digitale per i camici 3.0 /Video sistemi di gestione dell’energia: un trampolino per il futuro A Roma la 'Piazza della Salute' per prevenzione dei tumori Altroconsumo, i costi della corruzione nella sanità ricadono sui cittadini Randstad Employer Brand research premia i migliori datori di lavoro Lega Pro, Agenzia dogane e Sportradar insieme per contrasto al match fixing Panasonic al FuoriSalone tra tradizione artigianale e tecnologia BioInItaly Investment Forum Economia circolare, Corepla: "Cresce la raccolta della plastica nel 2016 (+6,9%)" /Video Lega Pro, ADM e Sportradar firmano protocollo per contrasto match fixing CIDA: "Alternanza scuola-lavoro. Una risorsa da costruire insieme" Sharing Italy Hi Future! Guarda avanti VIII Conferenza economica CIA - 'Agricoltura crea valore' Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo LAV, i lasciti testamentari a favore di animali Eni – Future Experience for You(ng) Non più centrali elettriche, nuova vita per 23 impianti Assogenerici apre le porte delle aziende con "Fabbriche aperte” Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro   Seguici 396617 3471 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Mission NOT Impossible -- the new age of transparency in China's programmatic buying English Español Français Deutsch News provided by iPinYou Apr 10, 2017, 09:05 ET Share this article SEATTLE, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Programmatic buying is blooming in the spring of the Chinese advertising market. According to eMarketer, investment on programmatic buying in China will reach 16.7 billion dollars in 2017, with a 51.5% increase than 2016. However, as many unqualified companies flooded into the industry, underneath the image of prosperity, the threat of non-transparency reveals. Transparency is a challenging goal for the Chinese market because the fraud network is deeply embedded in the entire industry of advertising. Digital advertising is under attack by unethical behaviors of some companies who intentionally leave technologies unclarified, fall into moral myopia, pursue only short-term profits, or refuse to disclose key information. The ubiquity of fraud significantly hurt advertisers' trust in digital advertising, and they decided to fight back. At this year's IAB Annual Leadership Meeting, P&G Chief Marketing Officer Marc Pritchard called for ad agencies to get to "a transparent, clean and productive media supply chain" in the face of "crappy advertising accompanied by even crappier viewing experiences." Like P&G, advertisers will no longer waste their time and money on a non-transparent media supply chain. Driving industry-wide transparency becomes the top priority for advertisers. According to Grace Huang, founder and CEO of iPinYou, "Advertisers distrust digital advertising due to the fact that the entire digital advertising chain is like a black box. As some companies unethically brag about the technologies they don't really possess, the negative impact of the black box is amplified. Breaking the black box becomes inevitable." To address the need of transparency, all media and technology companies must take actions immediately. As the leading DSP company with over 59% market share in China, iPinYou takes the lead in promoting a transparent, clean and safe digital advertising environment. Since its establishment, iPinYou always focuses on providing the most premium traffic to clients. With zero tolerance on fraud, iPinYou promises that once fraud is detected, all traffic will be refunded. Taking a bottom-up approach, iPinYou developed products based on big data and artificial intelligence, which aims to solve clients' problem of inefficiency. It ensures that iPinYou always represents the advertisers' interest. To achieve the goal of transparency, iPinYou has taken various strategies. First of all, iPinYou invested specialized expertise and advanced facilities. The company built anti-fraud forces, who conducted massive calculations. It aims at transparency with both hardware and software supports. iPinYou is highly confident in its business scale and competitiveness, which are essential in the anti-fraud battle. Second, iPinYou keeps building core technologies in big data and artificial intelligence. It provides intelligence solutions which do not only serve clients with multi-dimensional value-added intelligent data, but also create unconventional marketing models. iPinYou launched the digital advertising management platform Optimus Prime. Its features enable a transparent user experience including transparent billing, transparent data, and transparent traffic. Lastly, iPinYou has partnered with 15 industry leaders in the media supply chain in 2016, including advertisers, third-party tracking firms, and advertising associations. Together, the partnership made significant contributions to anti-fraud endeavors. iPinYou has set benchmarks for key evaluation metrics. Cooperated with world's leading digital advertising companies XAXIS and Integral Ad Science (IAS), iPinYou published "Digital Advertising Anti-Fraud Best Practices." Because of the determination on transparency, iPinYou earned trust from advertisers. Living through years of fierce competition in the Chinese market, iPinYou won the championship in programmatic buying. Holding tight on the principle of creating maximum value for customers, iPinYou will persistently pursue transparency through its big data and artificial intelligence technologies, and strategic partnership with industry leaders. For more information, visit www.ipinyou.com, or contact international@ipinyou.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mission-not-impossible--the-new-age-of-transparency-in-chinas-programmatic-buying-300436879.html SOURCE iPinYou Related Links http://www.ipinyou.com Apr 10, 2017, 09:05 ET Preview: Une mission qui N'EST PAS impossible - la nouvelle ère de la transparence dans les achats programmatiques en Chine My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 10, 2017, 09:05 ETUne mission qui N'EST PAS impossible - la nouvelle ère de la... Apr 10, 2017, 09:05 ETMisión NO imposible -- la nueva era de la transparencia en la... Explore More news releases in similar topics High Tech Security Computer Electronics Computer Software Electronic Commerce Networks You just read: Mission NOT Impossible -- the new age of transparency in China's programmatic buying News provided by iPinYou Apr 10, 2017, 09:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Mission NOT Impossible — the new age of transparency in China’s programmatic buying SEATTLE, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Programmatic buying is blooming in the spring of the Chinese advertising market. According to eMarketer, investment on programmatic buying in China will reach 16.7 billion dollars in 2017, with a 51.5% increase than 2016. However, as many unqualified companies flooded into the industry, underneath the image of prosperity, the threat of non-transparency reveals. Transparency is a challenging goal for the Chinese market because the fraud network is deeply embedded in the entire industry of advertising. Digital advertising is under attack by unethical behaviors of some companies who intentionally leave technologies unclarified, fall into moral myopia, pursue only short-term profits, or refuse to disclose key information. The ubiquity of fraud significantly hurt advertisers’ trust in digital advertising, and they decided to fight back. At this year’s IAB Annual Leadership Meeting, P&G Chief Marketing Officer Marc Pritchard called for ad agencies to get to „a transparent, clean and productive media supply chain” in the face of „crappy advertising accompanied by even crappier viewing experiences.” Like P&G, advertisers will no longer waste their time and money on a non-transparent media supply chain. Driving industry-wide transparency becomes the top priority for advertisers. According to Grace Huang, founder and CEO of iPinYou, „Advertisers distrust digital advertising due to the fact that the entire digital advertising chain is like a black box. As some companies unethically brag about the technologies they don’t really possess, the negative impact of the black box is amplified. Breaking the black box becomes inevitable.” To address the need of transparency, all media and technology companies must take actions immediately. As the leading DSP company with over 59% market share in China, iPinYou takes the lead in promoting a transparent, clean and safe digital advertising environment. Since its establishment, iPinYou always focuses on providing the most premium traffic to clients. With zero tolerance on fraud, iPinYou promises that once fraud is detected, all traffic will be refunded. Taking a bottom-up approach, iPinYou developed products based on big data and artificial intelligence, which aims to solve clients’ problem of inefficiency. It ensures that iPinYou always represents the advertisers’ interest. To achieve the goal of transparency, iPinYou has taken various strategies. First of all, iPinYou invested specialized expertise and advanced facilities. The company built anti-fraud forces, who conducted massive calculations. It aims at transparency with both hardware and software supports. iPinYou is highly confident in its business scale and competitiveness, which are essential in the anti-fraud battle. Second, iPinYou keeps building core technologies in big data and artificial intelligence. It provides intelligence solutions which do not only serve clients with multi-dimensional value-added intelligent data, but also create unconventional marketing models. iPinYou launched the digital advertising management platform Optimus Prime. Its features enable a transparent user experience including transparent billing, transparent data, and transparent traffic. Lastly, iPinYou has partnered with 15 industry leaders in the media supply chain in 2016, including advertisers, third-party tracking firms, and advertising associations. Together, the partnership made significant contributions to anti-fraud endeavors. iPinYou has set benchmarks for key evaluation metrics. Cooperated with world’s leading digital advertising companies XAXIS and Integral Ad Science (IAS), iPinYou published „Digital Advertising Anti-Fraud Best Practices.” Because of the determination on transparency, iPinYou earned trust from advertisers. Living through years of fierce competition in the Chinese market, iPinYou won the championship in programmatic buying. Holding tight on the principle of creating maximum value for customers, iPinYou will persistently pursue transparency through its big data and artificial intelligence technologies, and strategic partnership with industry leaders. For more information, visit www.ipinyou.com, or contact international@ipinyou.com SOURCE iPinYou Related Links http://www.ipinyou.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Une mission qui N’EST PAS impossible – la nouvelle ère de la transparence dans les achats programmatiques en Chine Next PostNext Global waste heat recovery market in oil and gas industry to grow at a CAGR of 7.6% during the period 2014-2019 Search Recent Posts Brucellosis Vaccines Market in Europe Outlook 2021: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Blood Plasma Separators Market in Europe Share, Growth, Trend Analysis and Forecast to 2021 by Capacity, Production, and Production Value BARC India vai resolver o enigma digital com sua linha de produtos ‘EKAM’ 14th Annual Consumer Report – 2016 State of Sustainability in America Japan Managed Security Services Market, Forecast to 2020 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Mission NOT Impossible — the new age of transparency in China’s programmatic buying SEATTLE, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Programmatic buying is blooming in the spring of the Chinese advertising market. According to eMarketer, investment on programmatic buying in China will reach 16.7 billion dollars in 2017, with a 51.5% increase than 2016. However, as many unqualified companies flooded into the industry, underneath the image of prosperity, the threat of non-transparency reveals. Transparency is a challenging goal for the Chinese market because the fraud network is deeply embedded in the entire industry of advertising. Digital advertising is under attack by unethical behaviors of some companies who intentionally leave technologies unclarified, fall into moral myopia, pursue only short-term profits, or refuse to disclose key information. The ubiquity of fraud significantly hurt advertisers’ trust in digital advertising, and they decided to fight back. At this year’s IAB Annual Leadership Meeting, P&G Chief Marketing Officer Marc Pritchard called for ad agencies to get to „a transparent, clean and productive media supply chain” in the face of „crappy advertising accompanied by even crappier viewing experiences.” Like P&G, advertisers will no longer waste their time and money on a non-transparent media supply chain. Driving industry-wide transparency becomes the top priority for advertisers. According to Grace Huang, founder and CEO of iPinYou, „Advertisers distrust digital advertising due to the fact that the entire digital advertising chain is like a black box. As some companies unethically brag about the technologies they don’t really possess, the negative impact of the black box is amplified. Breaking the black box becomes inevitable.” To address the need of transparency, all media and technology companies must take actions immediately. As the leading DSP company with over 59% market share in China, iPinYou takes the lead in promoting a transparent, clean and safe digital advertising environment. Since its establishment, iPinYou always focuses on providing the most premium traffic to clients. With zero tolerance on fraud, iPinYou promises that once fraud is detected, all traffic will be refunded. Taking a bottom-up approach, iPinYou developed products based on big data and artificial intelligence, which aims to solve clients’ problem of inefficiency. It ensures that iPinYou always represents the advertisers’ interest. To achieve the goal of transparency, iPinYou has taken various strategies. First of all, iPinYou invested specialized expertise and advanced facilities. The company built anti-fraud forces, who conducted massive calculations. It aims at transparency with both hardware and software supports. iPinYou is highly confident in its business scale and competitiveness, which are essential in the anti-fraud battle. Second, iPinYou keeps building core technologies in big data and artificial intelligence. It provides intelligence solutions which do not only serve clients with multi-dimensional value-added intelligent data, but also create unconventional marketing models. iPinYou launched the digital advertising management platform Optimus Prime. Its features enable a transparent user experience including transparent billing, transparent data, and transparent traffic. Lastly, iPinYou has partnered with 15 industry leaders in the media supply chain in 2016, including advertisers, third-party tracking firms, and advertising associations. Together, the partnership made significant contributions to anti-fraud endeavors. iPinYou has set benchmarks for key evaluation metrics. Cooperated with world’s leading digital advertising companies XAXIS and Integral Ad Science (IAS), iPinYou published „Digital Advertising Anti-Fraud Best Practices.” Because of the determination on transparency, iPinYou earned trust from advertisers. Living through years of fierce competition in the Chinese market, iPinYou won the championship in programmatic buying. Holding tight on the principle of creating maximum value for customers, iPinYou will persistently pursue transparency through its big data and artificial intelligence technologies, and strategic partnership with industry leaders. For more information, visit www.ipinyou.com, or contact international@ipinyou.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mission-not-impossible–the-new-age-of-transparency-in-chinas-programmatic-buying-300436879.html SOURCE iPinYou Related Links http://www.ipinyou.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PicoBrew Adds „Ultimate Food Appliance” Features to Pico Model C Next PostNext Spring Flavors Burst In Every Bite Of The New, Limited Time Juicy Fruit And Sweet Cream Topped Buttermilk Pancakes At IHOP® Restaurants Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Mission NOT Impossible — the new age of transparency in China’s programmatic buying SEATTLE, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Programmatic buying is blooming in the spring of the Chinese advertising market. According to eMarketer, investment on programmatic buying in China will reach 16.7 billion dollars in 2017, with a 51.5% increase than 2016. However, as many unqualified companies flooded into the industry, underneath the image of prosperity, the threat of non-transparency reveals. Transparency is a challenging goal for the Chinese market because the fraud network is deeply embedded in the entire industry of advertising. Digital advertising is under attack by unethical behaviors of some companies who intentionally leave technologies unclarified, fall into moral myopia, pursue only short-term profits, or refuse to disclose key information. The ubiquity of fraud significantly hurt advertisers’ trust in digital advertising, and they decided to fight back. At this year’s IAB Annual Leadership Meeting, P&G Chief Marketing Officer Marc Pritchard called for ad agencies to get to „a transparent, clean and productive media supply chain” in the face of „crappy advertising accompanied by even crappier viewing experiences.” Like P&G, advertisers will no longer waste their time and money on a non-transparent media supply chain. Driving industry-wide transparency becomes the top priority for advertisers. According to Grace Huang, founder and CEO of iPinYou, „Advertisers distrust digital advertising due to the fact that the entire digital advertising chain is like a black box. As some companies unethically brag about the technologies they don’t really possess, the negative impact of the black box is amplified. Breaking the black box becomes inevitable.” To address the need of transparency, all media and technology companies must take actions immediately. As the leading DSP company with over 59% market share in China, iPinYou takes the lead in promoting a transparent, clean and safe digital advertising environment. Since its establishment, iPinYou always focuses on providing the most premium traffic to clients. With zero tolerance on fraud, iPinYou promises that once fraud is detected, all traffic will be refunded. Taking a bottom-up approach, iPinYou developed products based on big data and artificial intelligence, which aims to solve clients’ problem of inefficiency. It ensures that iPinYou always represents the advertisers’ interest. To achieve the goal of transparency, iPinYou has taken various strategies. First of all, iPinYou invested specialized expertise and advanced facilities. The company built anti-fraud forces, who conducted massive calculations. It aims at transparency with both hardware and software supports. iPinYou is highly confident in its business scale and competitiveness, which are essential in the anti-fraud battle. Second, iPinYou keeps building core technologies in big data and artificial intelligence. It provides intelligence solutions which do not only serve clients with multi-dimensional value-added intelligent data, but also create unconventional marketing models. iPinYou launched the digital advertising management platform Optimus Prime. Its features enable a transparent user experience including transparent billing, transparent data, and transparent traffic. Lastly, iPinYou has partnered with 15 industry leaders in the media supply chain in 2016, including advertisers, third-party tracking firms, and advertising associations. Together, the partnership made significant contributions to anti-fraud endeavors. iPinYou has set benchmarks for key evaluation metrics. Cooperated with world’s leading digital advertising companies XAXIS and Integral Ad Science (IAS), iPinYou published „Digital Advertising Anti-Fraud Best Practices.” Because of the determination on transparency, iPinYou earned trust from advertisers. Living through years of fierce competition in the Chinese market, iPinYou won the championship in programmatic buying. Holding tight on the principle of creating maximum value for customers, iPinYou will persistently pursue transparency through its big data and artificial intelligence technologies, and strategic partnership with industry leaders. For more information, visit www.ipinyou.com, or contact international@ipinyou.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mission-not-impossible–the-new-age-of-transparency-in-chinas-programmatic-buying-300436879.html SOURCE iPinYou Related Links http://www.ipinyou.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PicoBrew Adds „Ultimate Food Appliance” Features to Pico Model C Next PostNext Spring Flavors Burst In Every Bite Of The New, Limited Time Juicy Fruit And Sweet Cream Topped Buttermilk Pancakes At IHOP® Restaurants Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Mission NOT Impossible — the new age of transparency in China’s programmatic buying SEATTLE, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Programmatic buying is blooming in the spring of the Chinese advertising market. According to eMarketer, investment on programmatic buying in China will reach 16.7 billion dollars in 2017, with a 51.5% increase than 2016. However, as many unqualified companies flooded into the industry, underneath the image of prosperity, the threat of non-transparency reveals. Transparency is a challenging goal for the Chinese market because the fraud network is deeply embedded in the entire industry of advertising. Digital advertising is under attack by unethical behaviors of some companies who intentionally leave technologies unclarified, fall into moral myopia, pursue only short-term profits, or refuse to disclose key information. The ubiquity of fraud significantly hurt advertisers’ trust in digital advertising, and they decided to fight back. At this year’s IAB Annual Leadership Meeting, P&G Chief Marketing Officer Marc Pritchard called for ad agencies to get to „a transparent, clean and productive media supply chain” in the face of „crappy advertising accompanied by even crappier viewing experiences.” Like P&G, advertisers will no longer waste their time and money on a non-transparent media supply chain. Driving industry-wide transparency becomes the top priority for advertisers. According to Grace Huang, founder and CEO of iPinYou, „Advertisers distrust digital advertising due to the fact that the entire digital advertising chain is like a black box. As some companies unethically brag about the technologies they don’t really possess, the negative impact of the black box is amplified. Breaking the black box becomes inevitable.” To address the need of transparency, all media and technology companies must take actions immediately. As the leading DSP company with over 59% market share in China, iPinYou takes the lead in promoting a transparent, clean and safe digital advertising environment. Since its establishment, iPinYou always focuses on providing the most premium traffic to clients. With zero tolerance on fraud, iPinYou promises that once fraud is detected, all traffic will be refunded. Taking a bottom-up approach, iPinYou developed products based on big data and artificial intelligence, which aims to solve clients’ problem of inefficiency. It ensures that iPinYou always represents the advertisers’ interest. To achieve the goal of transparency, iPinYou has taken various strategies. First of all, iPinYou invested specialized expertise and advanced facilities. The company built anti-fraud forces, who conducted massive calculations. It aims at transparency with both hardware and software supports. iPinYou is highly confident in its business scale and competitiveness, which are essential in the anti-fraud battle. Second, iPinYou keeps building core technologies in big data and artificial intelligence. It provides intelligence solutions which do not only serve clients with multi-dimensional value-added intelligent data, but also create unconventional marketing models. iPinYou launched the digital advertising management platform Optimus Prime. Its features enable a transparent user experience including transparent billing, transparent data, and transparent traffic. Lastly, iPinYou has partnered with 15 industry leaders in the media supply chain in 2016, including advertisers, third-party tracking firms, and advertising associations. Together, the partnership made significant contributions to anti-fraud endeavors. iPinYou has set benchmarks for key evaluation metrics. Cooperated with world’s leading digital advertising companies XAXIS and Integral Ad Science (IAS), iPinYou published „Digital Advertising Anti-Fraud Best Practices.” Because of the determination on transparency, iPinYou earned trust from advertisers. Living through years of fierce competition in the Chinese market, iPinYou won the championship in programmatic buying. Holding tight on the principle of creating maximum value for customers, iPinYou will persistently pursue transparency through its big data and artificial intelligence technologies, and strategic partnership with industry leaders. For more information, visit www.ipinyou.com, or contact international@ipinyou.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mission-not-impossible–the-new-age-of-transparency-in-chinas-programmatic-buying-300436879.html SOURCE iPinYou Related Links http://www.ipinyou.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PicoBrew Adds „Ultimate Food Appliance” Features to Pico Model C Next PostNext Spring Flavors Burst In Every Bite Of The New, Limited Time Juicy Fruit And Sweet Cream Topped Buttermilk Pancakes At IHOP® Restaurants Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Mission NOT Impossible -- the new age of transparency in China's programmatic buying Mission NOT Impossible -- the new age of transparency in China's programmatic buying maandag 10 april 2017 15:07 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire SEATTLE, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Programmatic buying is blooming in the spring of the Chinese advertising market. According to eMarketer, investment on programmatic buying in China will reach 16.7 billion dollars in 2017, with a 51.5% increase than 2016. However, as many unqualified companies flooded into the industry, underneath the image of prosperity, the threat of non-transparency reveals. Transparency is a challenging goal for the Chinese market because the fraud network is deeply embedded in the entire industry of advertising. Digital advertising is under attack by unethical behaviors of some companies who intentionally leave technologies unclarified, fall into moral myopia, pursue only short-term profits, or refuse to disclose key information. The ubiquity of fraud significantly hurt advertisers' trust in digital advertising, and they decided to fight back. At this year's IAB Annual Leadership Meeting, P&G Chief Marketing Officer Marc Pritchard called for ad agencies to get to "a transparent, clean and productive media supply chain" in the face of "crappy advertising accompanied by even crappier viewing experiences." Like P&G, advertisers will no longer waste their time and money on a non-transparent media supply chain. Driving industry-wide transparency becomes the top priority for advertisers. According to Grace Huang, founder and CEO of iPinYou, "Advertisers distrust digital advertising due to the fact that the entire digital advertising chain is like a black box. As some companies unethically brag about the technologies they don't really possess, the negative impact of the black box is amplified. Breaking the black box becomes inevitable." To address the need of transparency, all media and technology companies must take actions immediately. As the leading DSP company with over 59% market share in China, iPinYou takes the lead in promoting a transparent, clean and safe digital advertising environment. Since its establishment, iPinYou always focuses on providing the most premium traffic to clients. With zero tolerance on fraud, iPinYou promises that once fraud is detected, all traffic will be refunded. Taking a bottom-up approach, iPinYou developed products based on big data and artificial intelligence, which aims to solve clients' problem of inefficiency. It ensures that iPinYou always represents the advertisers' interest. To achieve the goal of transparency, iPinYou has taken various strategies. First of all, iPinYou invested specialized expertise and advanced facilities. The company built anti-fraud forces, who conducted massive calculations. It aims at transparency with both hardware and software supports. iPinYou is highly confident in its business scale and competitiveness, which are essential in the anti-fraud battle. Second, iPinYou keeps building core technologies in big data and artificial intelligence. It provides intelligence solutions which do not only serve clients with multi-dimensional value-added intelligent data, but also create unconventional marketing models. iPinYou launched the digital advertising management platform Optimus Prime. Its features enable a transparent user experience including transparent billing, transparent data, and transparent traffic. Lastly, iPinYou has partnered with 15 industry leaders in the media supply chain in 2016, including advertisers, third-party tracking firms, and advertising associations. Together, the partnership made significant contributions to anti-fraud endeavors. iPinYou has set benchmarks for key evaluation metrics. Cooperated with world's leading digital advertising companies XAXIS and Integral Ad Science (IAS), iPinYou published "Digital Advertising Anti-Fraud Best Practices." Because of the determination on transparency, iPinYou earned trust from advertisers. Living through years of fierce competition in the Chinese market, iPinYou won the championship in programmatic buying. Holding tight on the principle of creating maximum value for customers, iPinYou will persistently pursue transparency through its big data and artificial intelligence technologies, and strategic partnership with industry leaders. For more information, visit www.ipinyou.com [http://www.ipinyou.com/], or contact international@ipinyou.com [mailto:international@ipinyou.com] iPinYou CONTACT: Ann Yang, 1-425-406-8630, ann.yang@ipinyou.com Web site: http://www.ipinyou.com/ PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie ET Energy Renews its Partnership with UNICEF dinsdag 11 april 2017 08:03 Inverko N.V. publiceert jaarverslag 2015 en verandert naam in PHELIX N.V. dinsdag 11 april 2017 08:02 Strekin's Development Candidate, STR001, Obtains EU Orphan Drug Designation for the Treatment of Sudden Sensorineural Hearing Loss dinsdag 11 april 2017 08:01 Omzet Fastned met 148% toegenomen in eerste kwartaal 2017 dinsdag 11 april 2017 07:32 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Mission NOT Impossible — the new age of transparency in China’s programmatic buying SEATTLE, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Programmatic buying is blooming in the spring of the Chinese advertising market. According to eMarketer, investment on programmatic buying in China will reach 16.7 billion dollars in 2017, with a 51.5% increase than 2016. However, as many unqualified companies flooded into the industry, underneath the image of prosperity, the threat of non-transparency reveals. Transparency is a challenging goal for the Chinese market because the fraud network is deeply embedded in the entire industry of advertising. Digital advertising is under attack by unethical behaviors of some companies who intentionally leave technologies unclarified, fall into moral myopia, pursue only short-term profits, or refuse to disclose key information. The ubiquity of fraud significantly hurt advertisers' trust in digital advertising, and they decided to fight back. At this year's IAB Annual Leadership Meeting, P&G Chief Marketing Officer Marc Pritchard called for ad agencies to get to "a transparent, clean and productive media supply chain" in the face of "crappy advertising accompanied by even crappier viewing experiences." Like P&G, advertisers will no longer waste their time and money on a non-transparent media supply chain. Driving industry-wide transparency becomes the top priority for advertisers. According to Grace Huang, founder and CEO of iPinYou, "Advertisers distrust digital advertising due to the fact that the entire digital advertising chain is like a black box. As some companies unethically brag about the technologies they don't really possess, the negative impact of the black box is amplified. Breaking the black box becomes inevitable." To address the need of transparency, all media and technology companies must take actions immediately. As the leading DSP company with over 59% market share in China, iPinYou takes the lead in promoting a transparent, clean and safe digital advertising environment. Since its establishment, iPinYou always focuses on providing the most premium traffic to clients. With zero tolerance on fraud, iPinYou promises that once fraud is detected, all traffic will be refunded. Taking a bottom-up approach, iPinYou developed products based on big data and artificial intelligence, which aims to solve clients' problem of inefficiency. It ensures that iPinYou always represents the advertisers' interest. To achieve the goal of transparency, iPinYou has taken various strategies. First of all, iPinYou invested specialized expertise and advanced facilities. The company built anti-fraud forces, who conducted massive calculations. It aims at transparency with both hardware and software supports. iPinYou is highly confident in its business scale and competitiveness, which are essential in the anti-fraud battle. Second, iPinYou keeps building core technologies in big data and artificial intelligence. It provides intelligence solutions which do not only serve clients with multi-dimensional value-added intelligent data, but also create unconventional marketing models. iPinYou launched the digital advertising management platform Optimus Prime. Its features enable a transparent user experience including transparent billing, transparent data, and transparent traffic. Lastly, iPinYou has partnered with 15 industry leaders in the media supply chain in 2016, including advertisers, third-party tracking firms, and advertising associations. Together, the partnership made significant contributions to anti-fraud endeavors. iPinYou has set benchmarks for key evaluation metrics. Cooperated with world's leading digital advertising companies XAXIS and Integral Ad Science (IAS), iPinYou published "Digital Advertising Anti-Fraud Best Practices." Because of the determination on transparency, iPinYou earned trust from advertisers. Living through years of fierce competition in the Chinese market, iPinYou won the championship in programmatic buying. Holding tight on the principle of creating maximum value for customers, iPinYou will persistently pursue transparency through its big data and artificial intelligence technologies, and strategic partnership with industry leaders. For more information, visit www.ipinyou.com, or contact international@ipinyou.com   SOURCE iPinYou CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer Software, Computer/ Electronics, Electronic Commerce, High Tech Security, Networks Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Compass Minerals Reports First-Quarter Snow-Event Data Next PostNext AVANT Unveils Major Enhancements to Channel Sales Enablement Program Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Mission NOT Impossible -- the new age of transparency in China's programmatic buying English Español Français Deutsch News provided by iPinYou 10 Apr, 2017, 14:05 BST Share this article SEATTLE, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Programmatic buying is blooming in the spring of the Chinese advertising market. According to eMarketer, investment on programmatic buying in China will reach 16.7 billion dollars in 2017, with a 51.5% increase than 2016. However, as many unqualified companies flooded into the industry, underneath the image of prosperity, the threat of non-transparency reveals. Transparency is a challenging goal for the Chinese market because the fraud network is deeply embedded in the entire industry of advertising. Digital advertising is under attack by unethical behaviors of some companies who intentionally leave technologies unclarified, fall into moral myopia, pursue only short-term profits, or refuse to disclose key information. The ubiquity of fraud significantly hurt advertisers' trust in digital advertising, and they decided to fight back. At this year's IAB Annual Leadership Meeting, P&G Chief Marketing Officer Marc Pritchard called for ad agencies to get to "a transparent, clean and productive media supply chain" in the face of "crappy advertising accompanied by even crappier viewing experiences." Like P&G, advertisers will no longer waste their time and money on a non-transparent media supply chain. Driving industry-wide transparency becomes the top priority for advertisers. According to Grace Huang, founder and CEO of iPinYou, "Advertisers distrust digital advertising due to the fact that the entire digital advertising chain is like a black box. As some companies unethically brag about the technologies they don't really possess, the negative impact of the black box is amplified. Breaking the black box becomes inevitable." To address the need of transparency, all media and technology companies must take actions immediately. As the leading DSP company with over 59% market share in China, iPinYou takes the lead in promoting a transparent, clean and safe digital advertising environment. Since its establishment, iPinYou always focuses on providing the most premium traffic to clients. With zero tolerance on fraud, iPinYou promises that once fraud is detected, all traffic will be refunded. Taking a bottom-up approach, iPinYou developed products based on big data and artificial intelligence, which aims to solve clients' problem of inefficiency. It ensures that iPinYou always represents the advertisers' interest. To achieve the goal of transparency, iPinYou has taken various strategies. First of all, iPinYou invested specialized expertise and advanced facilities. The company built anti-fraud forces, who conducted massive calculations. It aims at transparency with both hardware and software supports. iPinYou is highly confident in its business scale and competitiveness, which are essential in the anti-fraud battle. Second, iPinYou keeps building core technologies in big data and artificial intelligence. It provides intelligence solutions which do not only serve clients with multi-dimensional value-added intelligent data, but also create unconventional marketing models. iPinYou launched the digital advertising management platform Optimus Prime. Its features enable a transparent user experience including transparent billing, transparent data, and transparent traffic. Lastly, iPinYou has partnered with 15 industry leaders in the media supply chain in 2016, including advertisers, third-party tracking firms, and advertising associations. Together, the partnership made significant contributions to anti-fraud endeavors. iPinYou has set benchmarks for key evaluation metrics. Cooperated with world's leading digital advertising companies XAXIS and Integral Ad Science (IAS), iPinYou published "Digital Advertising Anti-Fraud Best Practices." Because of the determination on transparency, iPinYou earned trust from advertisers. Living through years of fierce competition in the Chinese market, iPinYou won the championship in programmatic buying. Holding tight on the principle of creating maximum value for customers, iPinYou will persistently pursue transparency through its big data and artificial intelligence technologies, and strategic partnership with industry leaders. For more information, visit www.ipinyou.com, or contact international@ipinyou.com SOURCE iPinYou Related Links http://www.ipinyou.com 10 Apr, 2017, 14:05 BST Preview: Une mission qui N'EST PAS impossible - la nouvelle ère de la transparence dans les achats programmatiques en Chine My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 10 Apr, 2017, 14:05 BSTUne mission qui N'EST PAS impossible - la nouvelle ère de la... 10 Apr, 2017, 14:05 BSTMisión NO imposible -- la nueva era de la transparencia en la... Explore More news releases in similar topics High Tech Security Computer Electronics Computer Software Electronic Commerce Networks You just read: Mission NOT Impossible -- the new age of transparency in China's programmatic buying News provided by iPinYou 10 Apr, 2017, 14:05 BST Share this article Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News How to preserve your good name in the era of fake news The use of the term “fake news” has exploded since the recent presidential campaign. Yet two experts with deep experience say the reputational damage caused by false stories is nothing new and that every organization should prepare to combat misinformation. The two will speak at Ragan’s PR and Media Relations Summit in New York City from April 5–7. Christopher Barger, a founding partner at the executive consultancy Brain+Trust Partners, will discuss “The science of trust: The communicator’s survival guide for the ‘age of post-factualism.’” John P. David, president of David PR Group, plans to offer tactics and strategies in his session, “How to Protect or Destroy Your Online Reputation” Post-factualism has been around for a long time, Barger says. The problem is that people are wired to believe and respond to negative information, making it harder for organizations to tamp down the flames of rumor-mongering. Procter & Gamble Co. had to battle false rumors in the 1980s that its logo was a satanic symbol, Barger notes. Tommy Hilfiger said last fall he is still burned by a two-decade-old viral lie that he had made racist comments on “The Oprah Winfrey Show.” “This is not just about politics,” Barger says. “This is not just about one particular candidate or one particular set of voters.” Old or new, the dangers to reputation are serious, and organizations are judged on how they are depicted online. Yet many in the PR profession don’t know all the things that can be done to fight back, David says. Just ask Often people think the only thing you can do is flood the internet with positive info to push false rumors or negative information lower in the search results, he says, but there are other steps as well. Often you can ask politely and get false stories taken down from websites, David says. Many blogs and corporate websites will respond positively to a request. Just don’t go in with guns blazing, or you’ll hurt your cause. Another tactic is to get providers to take down malicious content. All online content has to move through the conduits, whether the falsehoods are spread via AT&T, Verizon, YouTube, GoDaddy, Google or other means. “Every piece of online content has to abide by lots of different rules and lots of different conditions,” David says. If you can show, say, managers of a blogging platform that a malicious user is breaking the rules, you sometimes can get it removed. Even if you can’t remove a post, Google often respond to complaints and causes malicious posts to disappear from search results. Bad internal data Bad information isn’t cooked up only by guys in their underwear scarfing Cheetos and spreading fake news from their basements. It can emerge internally as well. Bad information can spread internally when people are trying to force data to fit what the chief executive wants to see, Barger says. It can also come as rival departments jockey for budget and position, thereby interpreting data in ways that are favorable to themselves. Similarly, vendors can twist the facts to highlight their own accomplishments. For example, when the Washington Redskins set up a website for its 2014 training camp, third-party media monitoring services claimed that the site drew a staggering 7.8 billion unique visitors to the site. “They issued a release saying there were more unique visitors coming to that website to check out their training camp than there are people on earth,” Barger says. “Very clearly, badly interpreted data.” To avoid such problems, it’s important to establish internal safeguards to ensure integrity of data, Barger says. Does everybody have access to the same information? Is there agreement throughout your organization on the definition of key performance indicators? Employees now targeted As reputational crises blow up online, organizations must understand that their employees might find themselves in the line of fire. Nordstrom’s shares tumbled after President Donald Trump tweeted in February that the chain had treated his daughter “so unfairly” when it stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line. The retail chain said that decision was based on sales performance. Most people won’t have access to the CEO at Nordstrom, Barger says, but they might know a cashier at the perfume counter or their neighbor who sells shoes at the store. Nowadays these individuals can become a focal point of contention during crises. “They become the person who is going to for better or worse is influence the audience’s perception of the company,” he says. Organizations should train and better inform employees, empowering them to recognize the role they play. “In a polarized environment,” Barger says, “employees are now on the front line in terms of potentially being on the receiving end of threats, being on the receiving end of bullying.” Cyber security isn’t the responsibility of just the technology folks, David says. If your business touches any kind of private data—credit card records, medical records, Social Security numbers—you’re vulnerable to a cyber attack, he says. “We have to start looking at reputation as crossing multiple areas of a company,” David says. “We have to have plans in place so that our employees understand that, and we have to prepare them and educate them about how they impact the equation.” To learn more about saving your reputation and combatting false news, sign up here for Ragan’s PR and Media Relations Summit. @byworking (Image via) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aircraft Component MRO Market | Global Industry Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Helicopter Avionics Market Trend, Price, Demand, Growth and Forecasts To 2020 Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News How to preserve your good name in the era of fake news The use of the term “fake news” has exploded since the recent presidential campaign. Yet two experts with deep experience say the reputational damage caused by false stories is nothing new and that every organization should prepare to combat misinformation. The two will speak at Ragan’s PR and Media Relations Summit in New York City from April 5–7. Christopher Barger, a founding partner at the executive consultancy Brain+Trust Partners, will discuss “The science of trust: The communicator’s survival guide for the ‘age of post-factualism.’” John P. David, president of David PR Group, plans to offer tactics and strategies in his session, “How to Protect or Destroy Your Online Reputation” Post-factualism has been around for a long time, Barger says. The problem is that people are wired to believe and respond to negative information, making it harder for organizations to tamp down the flames of rumor-mongering. Procter & Gamble Co. had to battle false rumors in the 1980s that its logo was a satanic symbol, Barger notes. Tommy Hilfiger said last fall he is still burned by a two-decade-old viral lie that he had made racist comments on “The Oprah Winfrey Show.” “This is not just about politics,” Barger says. “This is not just about one particular candidate or one particular set of voters.” Old or new, the dangers to reputation are serious, and organizations are judged on how they are depicted online. Yet many in the PR profession don’t know all the things that can be done to fight back, David says. Just ask Often people think the only thing you can do is flood the internet with positive info to push false rumors or negative information lower in the search results, he says, but there are other steps as well. Often you can ask politely and get false stories taken down from websites, David says. Many blogs and corporate websites will respond positively to a request. Just don’t go in with guns blazing, or you’ll hurt your cause. Another tactic is to get providers to take down malicious content. All online content has to move through the conduits, whether the falsehoods are spread via AT&T, Verizon, YouTube, GoDaddy, Google or other means. “Every piece of online content has to abide by lots of different rules and lots of different conditions,” David says. If you can show, say, managers of a blogging platform that a malicious user is breaking the rules, you sometimes can get it removed. Even if you can’t remove a post, Google often respond to complaints and causes malicious posts to disappear from search results. Bad internal data Bad information isn’t cooked up only by guys in their underwear scarfing Cheetos and spreading fake news from their basements. It can emerge internally as well. Bad information can spread internally when people are trying to force data to fit what the chief executive wants to see, Barger says. It can also come as rival departments jockey for budget and position, thereby interpreting data in ways that are favorable to themselves. Similarly, vendors can twist the facts to highlight their own accomplishments. For example, when the Washington Redskins set up a website for its 2014 training camp, third-party media monitoring services claimed that the site drew a staggering 7.8 billion unique visitors to the site. “They issued a release saying there were more unique visitors coming to that website to check out their training camp than there are people on earth,” Barger says. “Very clearly, badly interpreted data.” To avoid such problems, it’s important to establish internal safeguards to ensure integrity of data, Barger says. Does everybody have access to the same information? Is there agreement throughout your organization on the definition of key performance indicators? Employees now targeted As reputational crises blow up online, organizations must understand that their employees might find themselves in the line of fire. Nordstrom’s shares tumbled after President Donald Trump tweeted in February that the chain had treated his daughter “so unfairly” when it stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line. The retail chain said that decision was based on sales performance. Most people won’t have access to the CEO at Nordstrom, Barger says, but they might know a cashier at the perfume counter or their neighbor who sells shoes at the store. Nowadays these individuals can become a focal point of contention during crises. “They become the person who is going to for better or worse is influence the audience’s perception of the company,” he says. Organizations should train and better inform employees, empowering them to recognize the role they play. “In a polarized environment,” Barger says, “employees are now on the front line in terms of potentially being on the receiving end of threats, being on the receiving end of bullying.” Cyber security isn’t the responsibility of just the technology folks, David says. If your business touches any kind of private data—credit card records, medical records, Social Security numbers—you’re vulnerable to a cyber attack, he says. “We have to start looking at reputation as crossing multiple areas of a company,” David says. “We have to have plans in place so that our employees understand that, and we have to prepare them and educate them about how they impact the equation.” To learn more about saving your reputation and combatting false news, sign up here for Ragan’s PR and Media Relations Summit. @byworking (Image via) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aircraft Component MRO Market | Global Industry Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Helicopter Avionics Market Trend, Price, Demand, Growth and Forecasts To 2020 Search Recent Posts Myocardial Infarction Therapeutics Industry Report H1 2017 -with Featured News and Press Releases Aircraft Fuel Systems Market Professional Survey: Global Market Trends, Share, Size & 2022 Forecast Report Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia Global Therapeutics Development Report Pipeline Review, H1 2017 Influenzavirus B Infections Therapeutic Industry Pipeline Review H1 2017, Drug Profile and Major Key Players Analysis Synovial Sarcoma Global Therapeutics Development Report Pipeline Review, H1 2017: Trends, Drivers and Outlook Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Scented Candles Market Global Key Vendors, Manufacturers, Suppliers and Analysis Market Report 2022 Pune, Maharashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — Market Overview Scented candles refer to the candles that have artificial/synthetic or natural fragrance material mixed into the wax emitting pleasant smell while burning. Scented Candles are commercially available in different shapes, sizes, and colors which are used as decorative items or for gifting purpose. Scented candles are mostly used to create ambience and relieve stress. The high sales of these candles can be attributed to growing popularity of various e-commerce sites, which has helped in creating a strong connection between manufacturers, suppliers and buyers. The upcoming trend of organic scented candles and customizing candle flavors is also leading to surge in sales of scented candles. The high sales of these candles can also be attributed to growing popularity of various e-commerce sites, which has helped in creating a strong connection between manufacturers, suppliers and buyers. Scented candles in glass containers and earthen wares are the best sellers, as it gives a festive look to the home interior decoration. Moreover increasing globalization, various religious festivals are celebrated across the globe, has also boasted the sales of candles on a larger scale. Growing demand for luxurious lifestyle, increase in disposable income and urbanization, yoga and meditation trend and increasing variety of scented candles are the growth drivers responsible for the growth of global scented candles market. Globally, scented candles market is growing at the rate of 5% during 2016 to 2022. Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/scented-candles-market-2495 Market Forecast With the growing consumer awareness & their increasing interest in natural scented candles, the demand for natural scented candles will drive the market growth from 2016 to 2022. Also, with increasing popularity of aroma therapy and spa treatments, increase in levels of stress in work life, has led to the adoption of the scented candles, to relieve stress after coming back home from office. These factors will play a key role in the growth of scented candles market at the CAGR of 5% during 2016-2022. Key Players – Reckitt Benckiser (Air Wick) (U.K.), – P&G (U.S.), – Yankee Candles (U.S.), – Colonial Candle (U.S.), – The Conscious Candle (Australia), – Welburn Candles Pvt. Ltd. (India), – Parcan (Netherland) Downstream analysis- Vanilla is the most preferred fragrance for scented candles, amounts to almost 50% of the total sales of scented candles. Other popular fragrances include cinnamon, strawberry, peach, apple or spiced apple scented candles. Increasing consumer interest in organic scented candles along with with increasing demand of customized customized fragrances, which are generally blends of two types of fragrances from spas and other therapeutic centres. The various health benefits associated with use of various herbs in scented candles is key driving force for scented candles market. Growing number of internet users across the globe and rise in the popularity of e-commerce, key players are launching & promoting their product line on various e-commerce site so as to reach out to various consumers. Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread in 110 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on „Global Scented candles Market Research Report- Forecast to 2022„ Browse full report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/scented-candles-market-2495 There is growing demand for soy candles, since it is made up of soybean oil, it reduces carbon-dioxide emission, and burns 50% longer than paraffin candles. Moreover, soy candles are non-toxic and have lower melting point. Supporting this key players also trying out various promotion options for scented candles by promoting the soy candles on e-commerce, so as to reach out to various consumer class. And also, key players are investing scented candles with various health benefits to help relieve headaches, and others. The global scented candles market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and rest of the world (ROW). The North America dominates the scented candles market, followed by Europe. Emerging markets like India and China have been considered as potential markets for scented candles due to growing urbanization. Intended Audience – Scented candles manufacturers – Raw material suppliers – Wax manufacturers – End users (food industry) – Retailers and wholesalers – E-commerce companies – Traders, importers and exporters Related Report Global Oilseed & Grain Seed Market By Types(Grains and Oilseed) By Biotech Trait(Seed with Biotech Trait, Herbicides Tolerant, Insecticide Resistant, Stacked Trait ) By Geography(North America, Asia Pacific, Europe) – Forecast to 2027.Know more about this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/global-oilseed-grain-seed-market-805 About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Infrastructure and Disruptive Technology Gamechanger for SA’s Economy Next PostNext Global Bioinformatics Partnering Terms and Agreements 2010 to 2017 – Market Research Hub Search Recent Posts ColorCoat, Inc. to Locate New Facility in South Fulton Mississippi Tax Return Preparer Pleads Guilty to Obstructing the IRS and Filing False Returns Global Military Smart Weapons Sales Market Forecast 2017-2021 Reviled in New Research The 2G, 3G, 4G & 5G Wireless Network Infrastructure Market Emerging Evolution, Technology Advancement 2016 – 2030 The 5G Wireless Ecosystem Emerging Evolution, Advancement 2016 – 2030 – Technologies, Applications, Verticals, Strategies & Forecasts Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Global Battery-Powered Toothbrush Market 2017 – Covers Production, Price, Revenue and Market Share for Key Manufacturer Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — This report studies Battery-Powered Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2011 to 2015, and forecast to 2021. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering – Philips Sonicare – Oral-B (P & G) – Panasonic – Omron Healthcare – Colgate-Palmolive – FOREO – Wellness Oral Care – PURSONIC – Smilex – Kolibree Get a Sample Research PDF with TOC: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=921186 By types, the market can be split into – Rechargeable Battery – Non-rechargeable Battery By Application, the market can be split into – Adults – Children By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) – North America – China – Europe – Southeast Asia – Japan – India Table of Contents: 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Battery-Powered Toothbrush 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Battery-Powered Toothbrush 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Battery-Powered Toothbrush 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Battery-Powered Toothbrush Enquiry at: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=921186 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Battery-Powered Toothbrush 3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Battery-Powered Toothbrush Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Battery-Powered Toothbrush Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Battery-Powered Toothbrush Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Battery-Powered Toothbrush Major Manufacturers in 2015 About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: http://bit.ly/1TBmnVG CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Interactive Projector Market Globally to Reach $2,618.05 Mn by 2022 Next PostNext Global Devices for Pediatric Audiometry Market Expected to Maintain Rapid Growth During Forecast Period 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Global Silicon Anode Battery Market Is Anticipated to Have a Lucrative CAGR of 21.5% by 2024 Global Automated Material Handling and Storage Systems Market 2017 – Features Key Manufacturers ( Siemens AG, Beumer Group, Swisslog Holdings AG, Dematic Group, Bosch Rex Next-Generation Data Storage Technologies Industry Worth 149 Billion USD and Growing Is CAGR of 19% by 2022 – Foresight Research Global Synthetic Sapphire Market Will Hit at a CAGR of 8.4% by 2024 Global Total Carbon Analyzer Market Is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 8.1% in Terms of Value by 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   | THE GRID POPULAR FRONT PAGE Today Yesterday Pick a Date SUGGEST A STORY   NO MORE STORIES World / Pope Francis The Vatican Opens Free Laundromat for the Poor Showers, a barbershop, medical services to be added soon By Evann Gastaldo,  Newser Staff Posted Apr 10, 2017 3:42 PM CDT 69 comments Comments Pope Francis waves to the crowd after celebrating a Palm Sunday Mass in St. Peter's Square at the Vatican, Sunday, April 9, 2017.   (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino)Pope Francis waves to the crowd after celebrating a Palm Sunday Mass in St. Peter's Square at the Vatican, Sunday, April 9, 2017.   (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino) (Newser) – Those living in poverty in Rome will still be able to have clean clothes. Pope Francis has opened a free laundromat for the poor in the city, the Vatican announced Monday. It currently has six washing machines, six dryers, and some irons donated by Whirlpool; Proctor and Gamble is donating laundry detergent and fabric softener. Within a few months, showers, a barbershop, and medical services will also be installed at the same location, an old hospital complex in a neighborhood near the Vatican. The Vatican, which opened a similar facility for the poor in another neighborhood two years ago, says it wants to "restore dignity" to "brothers and sisters" living in poverty, CNN reports.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   5% Hilarious 5% Intriguing 1% Depressing 83% Brilliant 1% Scary 5% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 69 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 69 comments 1.77245 1 hour, 7 minutes ago You don't suppose we might do the same for our homeless veterans. Rive85 1 hour, 13 minutes ago Oh, cool! Totally makes me forget about the systematic sexual abuse and cover up of children for all these decades. I guess the Vatican really does care. Go Catholicism! reg 1 hour, 36 minutes ago Make Americans Great and America Will follow.The Second Bill Of Rights. View all 69 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Egypt Declares 3-Month State of Emergency 1 Airbnb Host Strands Guest in Storm Because She's Asian 2 Flight Overbooked, United Airlines Forcibly Removes Passenger 3 News Anchor Realizes on Air Her Husband Was Killed 4 Tragedy on Canadian Mountain: 'I Think Your Friends Have Fallen' 5 Other Stories On Our Radar 'Pink Moon' Will Light Up Sky Tomorrow and Here's Best Time to Look Up Is This Hollywood Actress Brad Pitt's New Flame? Why Visitors Are Banned From Going to This Isolated Island in the Indian Ocean Once You See This GIF of Donald Trump, You'll Understand Why It's Going Viral New Jersey Woman Arrested for Racist Hammer Attack May Face Hate Crime Charges America's Favorite Side Hustle Is Not What You Think I Believed in Reverse Racism — Then I Moved to the Deep South Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Postal Worker Caught On Video Allegedly Making Half-Hearted Attempt To Deliver... CAUGHT ON VIDEO: Passenger Dragged Off Overbooked United Flight Woman Says Man Tried To Take Her Young Daughter On Subway Go to CBS Local The Human Statues of Myanmar Why You Need to Go See the Worst Movie Ever The Link Between Mental Illness and Physical Illness Go to Ozy Watch what happens when you take a little pistol to WD-40 doused in ethanol Florida man bets $50, wins $100,000, keeps $0 in today’s “cautionary tale” This deer died from a hunting wound, but hunters found something remarkable... Go to Rare Trump’s Silence About The San Bernardino Shooting Is Very, Very Problematic This Video Of Nicole Richie Getting Hit In The Face During A High Five Is Epic Blake Lively Reveals The Song Ryan Reynolds Played While She Was In Labor Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News LEWIS Piston Boosts Team With Industry Heavyweights /EINPresswire.com/ — SAN DIEGO, CA–(Marketwired – Apr 10, 2017) – LEWIS Piston today announced the appointment of two new senior leaders to support the agency’s continued growth across its digital offerings. Louisa Moya joins as VP, Director of Client Services. Moya has over 15 years’ experience leading digital marketing campaigns, including Levi Strauss, PepsiCo, Audi, Coca-Cola, Google, Kraft, Nestlé, P&G and Unilever. She was most recently director of client service at AKQA in San Francisco. „Piston has done amazing work for such a broad range of global clients. I’m excited to join this supremely talented, high-energy team.” Moya will oversee client strategy and engagement and support business development at LEWIS Piston. Dave McClain has been appointed as VP & Executive Creative Director. He brings extensive award-winning creative experience, leading global creative teams for agencies such as Razorfish, Rosetta, TBWA Designory, Team One, and Saatch & Saatchi. McClain has worked with brands such as Activision, ESPN, Intel, Lexus, Nissan, Microsoft, Nike, Samsung, Sony and Infiniti. He will spearhead integrating LEWIS Piston creative services across LEWIS US and global markets. The two hires follow a string of recent client wins, including The General, Astro Gaming, H-E-B, The Irvine Company, Stanford Health, Hugo Boss, and PCA Skin. LEWIS continues to expand its network, with investment and significant growth in digital, analytics, research and advertising services. The agency recently opened its fifth US and 28th global office in NYC. „I couldn’t feel more blessed,” said Mark Burr, SVP of LEWIS Piston. „Dave and Louisa bring a wealth of experience to our team. I think there is a growing trend for top talent to seek out more creative, independent, integrated agencies. Places where they can dream big in a fun environment, without some of the red tape that exists within larger holding company models. I literally cannot wait to see the amazing impact these two will have on our client campaigns and business overall.” About LEWIS Piston LEWIS Piston is a full service digital agency based in San Diego, CA. Piston builds and tracks brand relationships that span all media, all channels, and all marketing capabilities including SEO, PPC/SEM, shopping campaigns, media planning and buying, analytics and creative and branding services. LEWIS Piston is the winner of the 2014, 2015 & 2016 iMedia Small Agency of the Year Award, 2015 & 2016 Landy Search Marketing Awards, 2014 & 2015 San Diego Advertising Association Best of Show Award, and 5 National American Advertising Federation Awards. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Akers Biosciences Announces Conference Call to Discuss FY 2016 Earnings Next PostNext Stand Alone Anesthesia Delivery Machine Market by Application, Consumption, Market Share, Growth Opportunities, Regions & Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Mark Diamond’s Jewelers Partners with Synchrony Financial to Enable Easy Jewelry Purchases Mingzhi Domestic Service Company, which is a preferred domestic company for global Chinese Instasuite 2 Gives Users the Machine That Is Capable Of Simplifying Any Online Business with Ultimate Tools Heart Rate Monitors Market Analysis and In-Depth Analysis on Market Dynamics, Emerging Trends, Growth Factors and Sales Forecast to 2021 HFF Arranges $272 Million Financing for the Ground Lease Position of The Lipstick Building in Midtown Manhattan Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News LEWIS Piston Boosts Team With Industry Heavyweights /EINPresswire.com/ — SAN DIEGO, CA–(Marketwired – Apr 10, 2017) – LEWIS Piston today announced the appointment of two new senior leaders to support the agency’s continued growth across its digital offerings. Louisa Moya joins as VP, Director of Client Services. Moya has over 15 years’ experience leading digital marketing campaigns, including Levi Strauss, PepsiCo, Audi, Coca-Cola, Google, Kraft, Nestlé, P&G and Unilever. She was most recently director of client service at AKQA in San Francisco. „Piston has done amazing work for such a broad range of global clients. I’m excited to join this supremely talented, high-energy team.” Moya will oversee client strategy and engagement and support business development at LEWIS Piston. Dave McClain has been appointed as VP & Executive Creative Director. He brings extensive award-winning creative experience, leading global creative teams for agencies such as Razorfish, Rosetta, TBWA Designory, Team One, and Saatch & Saatchi. McClain has worked with brands such as Activision, ESPN, Intel, Lexus, Nissan, Microsoft, Nike, Samsung, Sony and Infiniti. He will spearhead integrating LEWIS Piston creative services across LEWIS US and global markets. The two hires follow a string of recent client wins, including The General, Astro Gaming, H-E-B, The Irvine Company, Stanford Health, Hugo Boss, and PCA Skin. LEWIS continues to expand its network, with investment and significant growth in digital, analytics, research and advertising services. The agency recently opened its fifth US and 28th global office in NYC. „I couldn’t feel more blessed,” said Mark Burr, SVP of LEWIS Piston. „Dave and Louisa bring a wealth of experience to our team. I think there is a growing trend for top talent to seek out more creative, independent, integrated agencies. Places where they can dream big in a fun environment, without some of the red tape that exists within larger holding company models. I literally cannot wait to see the amazing impact these two will have on our client campaigns and business overall.” About LEWIS Piston LEWIS Piston is a full service digital agency based in San Diego, CA. Piston builds and tracks brand relationships that span all media, all channels, and all marketing capabilities including SEO, PPC/SEM, shopping campaigns, media planning and buying, analytics and creative and branding services. LEWIS Piston is the winner of the 2014, 2015 & 2016 iMedia Small Agency of the Year Award, 2015 & 2016 Landy Search Marketing Awards, 2014 & 2015 San Diego Advertising Association Best of Show Award, and 5 National American Advertising Federation Awards. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Akers Biosciences Announces Conference Call to Discuss FY 2016 Earnings Next PostNext Stand Alone Anesthesia Delivery Machine Market by Application, Consumption, Market Share, Growth Opportunities, Regions & Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Mark Diamond’s Jewelers Partners with Synchrony Financial to Enable Easy Jewelry Purchases Mingzhi Domestic Service Company, which is a preferred domestic company for global Chinese Instasuite 2 Gives Users the Machine That Is Capable Of Simplifying Any Online Business with Ultimate Tools Heart Rate Monitors Market Analysis and In-Depth Analysis on Market Dynamics, Emerging Trends, Growth Factors and Sales Forecast to 2021 HFF Arranges $272 Million Financing for the Ground Lease Position of The Lipstick Building in Midtown Manhattan Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
null
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 64° Low 52° High 75° Fayetteville 53° Low 44° High 75° Bentonville 54° Low 44° High 74° See complete forecast Pope Opens Free Laundromat For Rome’s Poor Posted 2:33 pm, April 10, 2017, by CNN Wire Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Courtesy the Vatican × Pope Opens Free Laundromat For Rome’s Poor Courtesy the Vatican Rome (CNN) — Pope Francis has opened a free laundromat for the poor in Rome, the Vatican said Monday. Six washing machines, six dryers and a number of irons have been donated by the Whirlpool Corporation, while Proctor and Gamble are furnishing laundry detergent and softener. The Vatican said the Pope’s laundromat is a service to “restore dignity to many people who are our brothers and sisters.” This is the second facility the Pope has opened in Rome for assisting the poor. Two years ago, he opened a shower and barber service next to St. Peter’s Basilica at the Vatican and a dormitory nearby. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results 2 Dead In Shooting At San Bernardino’s North Park Elementary Woman’s Body Found In Tent On University of Arkansas Property Man Arrested Nearly 38 Years After Baby Thought To Have Died Of SIDS Benton County Sheriff: Carol Davidson Died From Overdose, RoseMarry Likely Died From Starvation Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Arkansas Softball Commit Cally Kildow Stars As Freshman At Gravette Alleged Thieves Steal Keys To Almost Every Car On Local Business Owner’s Lot Police Say Not Much Can Be Done About Homeless Tent Community Lawmakers Observe Scranton Elementary School’s Learning Program Benefiting Dyslexic Students News Pope Francis Suggests It’s Better To Be An Atheist Than A Bad Christian News Trash Litters Leflore County Highway; More Volunteers Needed News ISIS Claims Responsibility For Egypt’s Palm Sunday Church Bombings News Trump Budget Proposal Would Boost Defense, Eliminate Funds For Humanities, Arts News Man Arrested In Connection To June Homicide In Johnson County News 2 Killed, Others Feared Dead After Avalanche Buries Italian Hotel News Quebec Mosque Shooting: Suspect Kills 6, Officials Say News Cheerios Giving Away Free Wildflower Seeds To Help Save The Bees News Fort Smith School Board Under Heavy Pressure From Local Trial Lawyer News Rhea Lana’s Consignment Sale Returns To Springdale News Abortions In The US Have Dropped To Historic Low News Second Man Arrested In Connection With June Homicide In Johnson County News Franklin County Learning Center Drops School Age Program Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Religion CCI nod to Heritage Foods's acquisition of Reliance Retail's dairy business Business Standard Vatican laundromat for the homeless opens in Rome IANS  April 10, 2017 Last Updated at 23:34 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUuTHq ALSO READ Vatican-Muslim dialogue to restart in April, Vatican says Vatican church shelters homeless during winters Vatican corrupt, paedophilia 'an illness': Pope Abuse survivor resigns from Vatican child protection body Posters criticising Pope Francis appear in Rome Rome, April 10 (IANS/AKI) The Vatican on Monday opened a free launderette in Rome's central Trastevere district where the city's homeless can wash, dry and iron their clothes and bedding, the pontifical alms office announced. At the request of Pope Francis, six washing machines, six driers and six irons and ironing boards have been donated by Whirlpool and set up in the former San Gallicano hospital with the help of Procter and Gamble. "One of the greatest difficulties for those who live on the streets, along with that of finding food, a place to spend the night and public baths, is to wash and dry the clothes they wear, in many cases the only ones they own," papal almoner Archbishop Konrad Krajewski said in a statement. The Pope Francis Laundry, run by the Sant'Egidio Catholic charity, will be staffed by volunteers, the Vatican said. In the coming months, showers, a locker room, hairdresser's and medical centre for the homeless will open at the site, the Vatican added. Francis' Office of Papal Charities has already opened showers, a barber shop, a dormitory, a healthcare clinic and a pharmacy for the poor near St Peter's Basilica. --IANS/AKI vd (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Rome | Vatican | News-ians | Religion PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Enhance Your Negotiation Skills with MIT Faculty. FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Learn Negotiation Strategies and Tactics from MIT New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Vatican laundromat for the homeless opens in Rome Rome, April 10 (IANS/AKI) The Vatican on Monday opened a free launderette in Rome's central Trastevere district where the city's homeless can wash, dry and iron their clothes and bedding, the pontifical alms office announced. Rome, April 10 (IANS/AKI) The Vatican on Monday opened a free launderette in Rome's central Trastevere district where the city's homeless can wash, dry and iron their clothes and bedding, the pontifical alms office announced. At the request of Pope Francis, six washing machines, six driers and six irons and ironing boards have been donated by Whirlpool and set up in the former San Gallicano hospital with the help of Procter and Gamble. "One of the greatest difficulties for those who live on the streets, along with that of finding food, a place to spend the night and public baths, is to wash and dry the clothes they wear, in many cases the only ones they own," papal almoner Archbishop Konrad Krajewski said in a statement. The Pope Francis Laundry, run by the Sant'Egidio Catholic charity, will be staffed by volunteers, the Vatican said. In the coming months, showers, a locker room, hairdresser's and medical centre for the homeless will open at the site, the Vatican added. Francis' Office of Papal Charities has already opened showers, a barber shop, a dormitory, a healthcare clinic and a pharmacy for the poor near St Peter's Basilica. --IANS/AKI vd (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Vatican laundromat for the homeless opens in Rome Rome, April 10 (IANS/AKI) The Vatican on Monday opened a free launderette in Rome's central Trastevere district where the city's homeless can wash, dry and iron their clothes and bedding, the pontifical alms office announced. At the request of Pope Francis, six washing machines, six driers and six irons and ironing boards have been donated by Whirlpool and set up in the former San Gallicano hospital with the help of Procter and Gamble. "One of the greatest difficulties for those who live on the streets, along with that of finding food, a place to spend the night and public baths, is to wash and dry the clothes they wear, in many cases the only ones they own," papal almoner Archbishop Konrad Krajewski said in a statement. The Pope Francis Laundry, run by the Sant'Egidio Catholic charity, will be staffed by volunteers, the Vatican said. In the coming months, showers, a locker room, hairdresser's and medical centre for the homeless will open at the site, the Vatican added. Francis' Office of Papal Charities has already opened showers, a barber shop, a dormitory, a healthcare clinic and a pharmacy for the poor near St Peter's Basilica. --IANS/AKI vd (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2021” To Its Research Database This report studies Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2011 to 2015, and forecast to 2021. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering  Procter & Gamble  L’Oreal  Unilever  Taisho  Henkel  Merck  Shiseido  Johnson & Johnson Consume  Rohto  Lifes2Good  Gerolymatos International  Toppik  Nanogen  TRX2  Ultrax Labs  Avalon Natural Products  Bayer  Yanagiya  Pharma Medico  Kerafiber  Phyto  Keranique, LLC  DS Healthcare Group  EcoHerbs Global  Kaminomoto  Bawang  Zhang Guang  Softto Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/633438-global-hair-loss-growth-survey-report-2016 By types, the market can be split into  Shampoo  Medicine product  Device By Application, the market can be split into  Application 1  Application 2  Application 3 By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want)  North America  China  Europe  Southeast Asia  Japan  India Report Detail’s@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/633438-global-hair-loss-growth-survey-report-2016 Table of Contents Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Professional Survey Report 2016  1 Industry Overview of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.1 Definition and Specifications of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.1.1 Definition of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.1.2 Specifications of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.2 Classification of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.2.1 Shampoo  1.2.2 Medicine product  1.2.3 Device  1.3 Applications of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.3.1 Application 1  1.3.2 Application 2  1.3.3 Application 3  1.4 Market Segment by Regions  1.4.1 North America  1.4.2 China  1.4.3 Europe  1.4.4 Southeast Asia  1.4.5 Japan  1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers  2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Major Manufacturers in 2015  3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Major Manufacturers in 2015  3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Major Manufacturers in 2015  3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Major Manufacturers in 2015 4 Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Overall Market Overview  4.1 2011-2016E Overall Market Analysis  4.2 Capacity Analysis  4.2.1 2011-2016E Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis  4.2.2 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Capacity Analysis (Company Segment)  4.3 Sales Analysis  4.3.1 2011-2016E Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales and Growth Rate Analysis  4.3.2 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Analysis (Company Segment)  4.4 Sales Price Analysis  4.4.1 2011-2016E Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price  4.4.2 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Regional Market Analysis  5.1 North America Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.1.1 North America Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.1.2 North America 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.1.3 North America 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.1.4 North America 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.2 China Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.2.1 China Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.2.2 China 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.2.3 China 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.2.4 China 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.3 Europe Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.3.1 Europe Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.3.2 Europe 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.3.3 Europe 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.3.4 Europe 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.4 Southeast Asia Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.4.1 Southeast Asia Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.5 Japan Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.5.1 Japan Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.5.2 Japan 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.5.3 Japan 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.5.4 Japan 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.6 India Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.6.1 India Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.6.2 India 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.6.3 India 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.6.4 India 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis Continued…                                                                         Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=633438 Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: New York City State: NY Country: United States Website: https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/633438-global-hair-loss-growth-survey-report-2016 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fresh Milk Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Medical Equipment Maintenance Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2021” To Its Research Database This report studies Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2011 to 2015, and forecast to 2021. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering  Procter & Gamble  L’Oreal  Unilever  Taisho  Henkel  Merck  Shiseido  Johnson & Johnson Consume  Rohto  Lifes2Good  Gerolymatos International  Toppik  Nanogen  TRX2  Ultrax Labs  Avalon Natural Products  Bayer  Yanagiya  Pharma Medico  Kerafiber  Phyto  Keranique, LLC  DS Healthcare Group  EcoHerbs Global  Kaminomoto  Bawang  Zhang Guang  Softto Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/633438-global-hair-loss-growth-survey-report-2016 By types, the market can be split into  Shampoo  Medicine product  Device By Application, the market can be split into  Application 1  Application 2  Application 3 By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want)  North America  China  Europe  Southeast Asia  Japan  India Report Detail’s@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/633438-global-hair-loss-growth-survey-report-2016 Table of Contents Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Professional Survey Report 2016  1 Industry Overview of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.1 Definition and Specifications of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.1.1 Definition of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.1.2 Specifications of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.2 Classification of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.2.1 Shampoo  1.2.2 Medicine product  1.2.3 Device  1.3 Applications of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.3.1 Application 1  1.3.2 Application 2  1.3.3 Application 3  1.4 Market Segment by Regions  1.4.1 North America  1.4.2 China  1.4.3 Europe  1.4.4 Southeast Asia  1.4.5 Japan  1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers  2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Major Manufacturers in 2015  3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Major Manufacturers in 2015  3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Major Manufacturers in 2015  3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Major Manufacturers in 2015 4 Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Overall Market Overview  4.1 2011-2016E Overall Market Analysis  4.2 Capacity Analysis  4.2.1 2011-2016E Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis  4.2.2 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Capacity Analysis (Company Segment)  4.3 Sales Analysis  4.3.1 2011-2016E Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales and Growth Rate Analysis  4.3.2 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Analysis (Company Segment)  4.4 Sales Price Analysis  4.4.1 2011-2016E Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price  4.4.2 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Regional Market Analysis  5.1 North America Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.1.1 North America Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.1.2 North America 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.1.3 North America 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.1.4 North America 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.2 China Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.2.1 China Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.2.2 China 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.2.3 China 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.2.4 China 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.3 Europe Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.3.1 Europe Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.3.2 Europe 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.3.3 Europe 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.3.4 Europe 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.4 Southeast Asia Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.4.1 Southeast Asia Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.5 Japan Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.5.1 Japan Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.5.2 Japan 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.5.3 Japan 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.5.4 Japan 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.6 India Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.6.1 India Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.6.2 India 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.6.3 India 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.6.4 India 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis Continued…                                                                         Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=633438 Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: New York City State: NY Country: United States Website: https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/633438-global-hair-loss-growth-survey-report-2016 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fresh Milk Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Medical Equipment Maintenance Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2021” To Its Research Database This report studies Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2011 to 2015, and forecast to 2021. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering  Procter & Gamble  L’Oreal  Unilever  Taisho  Henkel  Merck  Shiseido  Johnson & Johnson Consume  Rohto  Lifes2Good  Gerolymatos International  Toppik  Nanogen  TRX2  Ultrax Labs  Avalon Natural Products  Bayer  Yanagiya  Pharma Medico  Kerafiber  Phyto  Keranique, LLC  DS Healthcare Group  EcoHerbs Global  Kaminomoto  Bawang  Zhang Guang  Softto Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/633438-global-hair-loss-growth-survey-report-2016 By types, the market can be split into  Shampoo  Medicine product  Device By Application, the market can be split into  Application 1  Application 2  Application 3 By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want)  North America  China  Europe  Southeast Asia  Japan  India Report Detail’s@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/633438-global-hair-loss-growth-survey-report-2016 Table of Contents Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Professional Survey Report 2016  1 Industry Overview of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.1 Definition and Specifications of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.1.1 Definition of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.1.2 Specifications of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.2 Classification of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.2.1 Shampoo  1.2.2 Medicine product  1.2.3 Device  1.3 Applications of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  1.3.1 Application 1  1.3.2 Application 2  1.3.3 Application 3  1.4 Market Segment by Regions  1.4.1 North America  1.4.2 China  1.4.3 Europe  1.4.4 Southeast Asia  1.4.5 Japan  1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers  2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products  3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Major Manufacturers in 2015  3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Major Manufacturers in 2015  3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Major Manufacturers in 2015  3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Major Manufacturers in 2015 4 Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Overall Market Overview  4.1 2011-2016E Overall Market Analysis  4.2 Capacity Analysis  4.2.1 2011-2016E Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis  4.2.2 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Capacity Analysis (Company Segment)  4.3 Sales Analysis  4.3.1 2011-2016E Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales and Growth Rate Analysis  4.3.2 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Analysis (Company Segment)  4.4 Sales Price Analysis  4.4.1 2011-2016E Global Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price  4.4.2 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Regional Market Analysis  5.1 North America Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.1.1 North America Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.1.2 North America 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.1.3 North America 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.1.4 North America 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.2 China Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.2.1 China Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.2.2 China 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.2.3 China 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.2.4 China 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.3 Europe Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.3.1 Europe Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.3.2 Europe 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.3.3 Europe 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.3.4 Europe 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.4 Southeast Asia Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.4.1 Southeast Asia Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.5 Japan Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.5.1 Japan Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.5.2 Japan 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.5.3 Japan 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.5.4 Japan 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis  5.6 India Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Analysis  5.6.1 India Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Overview  5.6.2 India 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis  5.6.3 India 2011-2016E Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Sales Price Analysis  5.6.4 India 2015 Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products Market Share Analysis Continued…                                                                         Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=633438 Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: New York City State: NY Country: United States Website: https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/633438-global-hair-loss-growth-survey-report-2016 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fresh Milk Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Medical Equipment Maintenance Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Dazzling Start to Decade Celebrations of BK Birla Institute Pilani BASANT Rituraj of College Fests in Rajasthan Increasing Demand of Sports & Fitness Nutrition Products Propelling the Industry Vinyl Acetate Market Global 2017-2022 :OrbisResearch Water Treatment Chemicals Market Canada Segmented by Product and Application 2022 Rich Pharmaceuticals Welcomes New Board Member Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: LEWIS April 10, 2017 10:00 ET LEWIS Piston Boosts Team With Industry Heavyweights San Diego digital agency supports growth trajectory with strategic new hires SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 10, 2017) - LEWIS Piston today announced the appointment of two new senior leaders to support the agency's continued growth across its digital offerings. Louisa Moya joins as VP, Director of Client Services. Moya has over 15 years' experience leading digital marketing campaigns, including Levi Strauss, PepsiCo, Audi, Coca-Cola, Google, Kraft, Nestlé, P&G and Unilever. She was most recently director of client service at AKQA in San Francisco. "Piston has done amazing work for such a broad range of global clients. I'm excited to join this supremely talented, high-energy team." Moya will oversee client strategy and engagement and support business development at LEWIS Piston. Dave McClain has been appointed as VP & Executive Creative Director. He brings extensive award-winning creative experience, leading global creative teams for agencies such as Razorfish, Rosetta, TBWA \ Designory, Team One, and Saatch & Saatchi. McClain has worked with brands such as Activision, ESPN, Intel, Lexus, Nissan, Microsoft, Nike, Samsung, Sony and Infiniti. He will spearhead integrating LEWIS Piston creative services across LEWIS US and global markets. The two hires follow a string of recent client wins, including The General, Astro Gaming, H-E-B, The Irvine Company, Stanford Health, Hugo Boss, and PCA Skin. LEWIS continues to expand its network, with investment and significant growth in digital, analytics, research and advertising services. The agency recently opened its fifth US and 28th global office in NYC. "I couldn't feel more blessed," said Mark Burr, SVP of LEWIS Piston. "Dave and Louisa bring a wealth of experience to our team. I think there is a growing trend for top talent to seek out more creative, independent, integrated agencies. Places where they can dream big in a fun environment, without some of the red tape that exists within larger holding company models. I literally cannot wait to see the amazing impact these two will have on our client campaigns and business overall." About LEWIS Piston LEWIS Piston is a full service digital agency based in San Diego, CA. Piston builds and tracks brand relationships that span all media, all channels, and all marketing capabilities including SEO, PPC/SEM, shopping campaigns, media planning and buying, analytics and creative and branding services. LEWIS Piston is the winner of the 2014, 2015 & 2016 iMedia Small Agency of the Year Award, 2015 & 2016 Landy Search Marketing Awards, 2014 & 2015 San Diego Advertising Association Best of Show Award, and 5 National American Advertising Federation Awards. Contact Information For further information, please contact: Mark Burr LEWIS 1 (619) 308 5240 mburr@pistonagency.com Irena Boostani LEWIS 1 (858) 414 1136 irena.boostani@teamlewis.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company LEWIS From this industry Professional Services From this sub-industry Advertising, PR and Marketing See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Feminine Hygiene Product In Global Market For 2017 | Research Report Market Research Report Researchmoz added Most up-to-date research on „Feminine Hygiene Product In Global Market For 2017 | Research Report” to its huge collection of research reports. This report studies Feminine Hygiene Product in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Kimberley – Clark Corporation Procter & Gamble Unicharm Corporation Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA Johnson & Johnson Lil-lets UK Limited Sanofi Ontex Egdewell Personal Care Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Feminine Hygiene Product in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Sanitary Napkins/pads Panty Liners Tampons Menstrual Cups Feminine Hygiene Wash To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=920784 Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Feminine Hygiene Product in each application, can be divided into Youth Middle Aged Elderly Table of Contents Global Feminine Hygiene Product Market Research Report 2017 1 Feminine Hygiene Product Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Feminine Hygiene Product 1.2 Feminine Hygiene Product Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Feminine Hygiene Product by Type in 2015 1.2.2 Sanitary Napkins/pads 1.2.3 Panty Liners 1.2.4 Tampons 1.2.5 Menstrual Cups 1.2.6 Feminine Hygiene Wash 1.3 Feminine Hygiene Product Segment by Application 1.3.1 Feminine Hygiene Product Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Youth 1.3.3 Middle Aged 1.3.4 Elderly 1.4 Feminine Hygiene Product Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Feminine Hygiene Product (2012-2022) 2 Global Feminine Hygiene Product Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Feminine Hygiene Product Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Global Feminine Hygiene Product Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.3 Global Feminine Hygiene Product Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.4 Manufacturers Feminine Hygiene Product Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Feminine Hygiene Product Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Feminine Hygiene Product Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Feminine Hygiene Product Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Make an Enquiry of this report @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=920784 About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the one stop online destination to find and buy market research reports & Industry Analysis. We fulfill all your research needs spanning across industry verticals with our huge collection of market research reports. We provide our services to all sizes of organizations and across all industry verticals and markets. Our Research Coordinators have in-depth knowledge of reports as well as publishers and will assist you in making an informed decision by giving you unbiased and deep insights on which reports will satisfy your needs at the best price. Mr. Nachiket State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Email: sales@researchmoz.us Website @ www.researchmoz.us/ Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Follow us on LinkedIn @ bit.ly/1TBmnVG This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Market Outlook : Trade Finance Market Globally Grow at a CAGR of 3.77% by Revenue During the Period 2017-2020 Next PostNext Market Insight : Point-of-Care Coagulation Testing Market Globally Grow at a CAGR of 6.53% by Revenue During the Forecast Period 2017-2020 Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News LEWIS Piston Boosts Team With Industry Heavyweights SAN DIEGO, CA–(Marketwired – Apr 10, 2017) – LEWIS Piston today announced the appointment of two new senior leaders to support the agency’s continued growth across its digital offerings. Louisa Moya joins as VP, Director of Client Services. Moya has over 15 years’ experience leading digital marketing campaigns, including Levi Strauss, PepsiCo, Audi, Coca-Cola, Google, Kraft, Nestlé, P&G and Unilever. She was most recently director of client service at AKQA in San Francisco. „Piston has done amazing work for such a broad range of global clients. I’m excited to join this supremely talented, high-energy team.” Moya will oversee client strategy and engagement and support business development at LEWIS Piston. Dave McClain has been appointed as VP & Executive Creative Director. He brings extensive award-winning creative experience, leading global creative teams for agencies such as Razorfish, Rosetta, TBWA Designory, Team One, and Saatch & Saatchi. McClain has worked with brands such as Activision, ESPN, Intel, Lexus, Nissan, Microsoft, Nike, Samsung, Sony and Infiniti. He will spearhead integrating LEWIS Piston creative services across LEWIS US and global markets. The two hires follow a string of recent client wins, including The General, Astro Gaming, H-E-B, The Irvine Company, Stanford Health, Hugo Boss, and PCA Skin. LEWIS continues to expand its network, with investment and significant growth in digital, analytics, research and advertising services. The agency recently opened its fifth US and 28th global office in NYC. „I couldn’t feel more blessed,” said Mark Burr, SVP of LEWIS Piston. „Dave and Louisa bring a wealth of experience to our team. I think there is a growing trend for top talent to seek out more creative, independent, integrated agencies. Places where they can dream big in a fun environment, without some of the red tape that exists within larger holding company models. I literally cannot wait to see the amazing impact these two will have on our client campaigns and business overall.” About LEWIS Piston LEWIS Piston is a full service digital agency based in San Diego, CA. Piston builds and tracks brand relationships that span all media, all channels, and all marketing capabilities including SEO, PPC/SEM, shopping campaigns, media planning and buying, analytics and creative and branding services. LEWIS Piston is the winner of the 2014, 2015 & 2016 iMedia Small Agency of the Year Award, 2015 & 2016 Landy Search Marketing Awards, 2014 & 2015 San Diego Advertising Association Best of Show Award, and 5 National American Advertising Federation Awards. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nexsan Receives 5-Star Rating in CRN’s 2017 Partner Program Guide Next PostNext Blue Medora Given 5-Star Rating in CRN’s 2017 Partner Program Guide Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: LEWIS April 10, 2017 10:00 ET LEWIS Piston Boosts Team With Industry Heavyweights San Diego digital agency supports growth trajectory with strategic new hires SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 10, 2017) - LEWIS Piston today announced the appointment of two new senior leaders to support the agency's continued growth across its digital offerings. Louisa Moya joins as VP, Director of Client Services. Moya has over 15 years' experience leading digital marketing campaigns, including Levi Strauss, PepsiCo, Audi, Coca-Cola, Google, Kraft, Nestlé, P&G and Unilever. She was most recently director of client service at AKQA in San Francisco. "Piston has done amazing work for such a broad range of global clients. I'm excited to join this supremely talented, high-energy team." Moya will oversee client strategy and engagement and support business development at LEWIS Piston. Dave McClain has been appointed as VP & Executive Creative Director. He brings extensive award-winning creative experience, leading global creative teams for agencies such as Razorfish, Rosetta, TBWA \ Designory, Team One, and Saatch & Saatchi. McClain has worked with brands such as Activision, ESPN, Intel, Lexus, Nissan, Microsoft, Nike, Samsung, Sony and Infiniti. He will spearhead integrating LEWIS Piston creative services across LEWIS US and global markets. The two hires follow a string of recent client wins, including The General, Astro Gaming, H-E-B, The Irvine Company, Stanford Health, Hugo Boss, and PCA Skin. LEWIS continues to expand its network, with investment and significant growth in digital, analytics, research and advertising services. The agency recently opened its fifth US and 28th global office in NYC. "I couldn't feel more blessed," said Mark Burr, SVP of LEWIS Piston. "Dave and Louisa bring a wealth of experience to our team. I think there is a growing trend for top talent to seek out more creative, independent, integrated agencies. Places where they can dream big in a fun environment, without some of the red tape that exists within larger holding company models. I literally cannot wait to see the amazing impact these two will have on our client campaigns and business overall." About LEWIS Piston LEWIS Piston is a full service digital agency based in San Diego, CA. Piston builds and tracks brand relationships that span all media, all channels, and all marketing capabilities including SEO, PPC/SEM, shopping campaigns, media planning and buying, analytics and creative and branding services. LEWIS Piston is the winner of the 2014, 2015 & 2016 iMedia Small Agency of the Year Award, 2015 & 2016 Landy Search Marketing Awards, 2014 & 2015 San Diego Advertising Association Best of Show Award, and 5 National American Advertising Federation Awards. Contact Information For further information, please contact: Mark Burr LEWIS 1 (619) 308 5240 mburr@pistonagency.com Irena Boostani LEWIS 1 (858) 414 1136 irena.boostani@teamlewis.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company LEWIS From this industry Professional Services From this sub-industry Advertising, PR and Marketing See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Breaking News World+ AfricaAmericasAsiaEuropeMiddle East U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram Pope opens free laundromat for Rome's poor By Delia Gallagher, CNN Updated 12:08 PM ET, Mon April 10, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Pope Francis' most memorable moments Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Pope Francis' most memorable moments 01:05 Rome (CNN)Pope Francis has opened a free laundromat for the poor in Rome, the Vatican said Monday. Six washing machines, six dryers and a number of irons have been donated by the Whirlpool Corporation. Six washing machines, six dryers and a number of irons have been donated by the Whirlpool Corporation, while Proctor and Gamble are furnishing laundry detergent and softener. The Vatican said the Pope's laundromat is a service to "restore dignity to many people who are our brothers and sisters." JUST WATCHED Pope's panhandler protocol Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Pope's panhandler protocol 04:01 In the next few months, the Vatican plans to add showers, a barbershop and medical services at the location. The laundromat is in the Roman neighborhood of Trastevere, not far from the Vatican, in an old hospital complex now run by the Community of St. Egidio. JUST WATCHED Little girl tries to steal Pope's hat Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Little girl tries to steal Pope's hat 00:46 Read More This is the second facility the Pope has opened in Rome for assisting the poor. Two years ago, he opened a shower and barber service next to St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican and a dormitory nearby. Content by LendingTree 2017 mortgage rates hit 3.25% APR (15 yr.) Not enough people use this credit card payoff trick Reduce your mortgage by $20,000 with these 5 steps Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Vets could receive up to $42k with these VA benefits Paid Partner Content Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth Trulia Hieronymus tell us why they're at the forefront of an analogue revolution Wallpaper What's your home worth? Find out here Trulia Go behind the scenes of the Lexus Design Award Wallpaper Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Trulia Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News World Electric ToothBrush Market (8.20% CAGR) to 2021   View as PDF  Print View    ReportsnReports.com adds Global Electric ToothBrush Market 2017-2021 latest research report; the analysts forecast global electric toothbrush market to grow at a CAGR of 8.20% during the period 2017-2021. April 10, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — According to the global electric toothbrush market report, the emergence of e-commerce allows for customers to browse and order from a range of product offerings provided by vendors through online portals. It makes the shopping experience of buyers easier and helps in brand retention and visibility. The ability of the vendors to sell the products online allows for higher revenue generation and capturing of a larger share of the market. Complete report on electric toothbrush market spread across 70 pages, analyzing 5 major companies and providing 46 data exhibits are now available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/928983-global-electric-tooth-brush-market-2017-2021.html The global electric toothbrush market analyst says the increasing importance of packaging has led vendors to look for better delivery systems like compressed sizes. Hence, the oral hygiene manufacturers are investing heavily in developing not only convenient-to-use and open packages but also visually appealing packages. Aesthetically appealing features provide an opportunity for manufacturers to differentiate their products from those of their competitors. The use of vibrant colors, different color coding, and creative graphics are becoming common approaches among the market manufacturers. They are also trying to make use of sustainable packages for their products. Many vendors use premium packs for their products to give them an exquisite appeal that highlights the products’ quality. The emergence of toothbrush packaging machines has helped the packaging process to gain traction. These machines can package an electric toothbrush with just five millimeters of material on the either side. Thereby helping in reduction of wastage of raw materials and optimum utilization of manpower this helps in containing the operation cost in the market, leading to higher profitability for the vendors. The following companies are the key players in the global electric toothbrush market: Colgate-Palmolive, Koninklijke Philips, P&G, Panasonic, and Water Pik. Other prominent vendors in the market are: Arm and Hammer, Conair, Mouth Watchers, OMRON Healthcare, Summer Infant, and Brush-Baby. Order a copy of Global Electric ToothBrush Market 2017-2021 report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=928983 Global Electric Toothbrush Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global electric toothbrush market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of electric toothbrush. Further, the report states that the global electric toothbrush market is highly competitive and has many vendors. These vendors include large companies, which produce a broad range of innovative and superior products on a global scale, to medium and small-sized companies that focus on a single product line and in a geographic region. Inquire for Discount at http://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/discount.aspx?name=928983 The leading vendors spend a significant amount of money on product promotions and events to improve their brand equity. These companies also work with brand ambassadors for the promotion and establishment of a desirable brand image. The cost involved in promotions increases each year, which in turn affects the operating margin of the vendors. The requirement to spend huge amounts on promotions is becoming a challenge for vendors. Hence, the intense competition in the electric toothbrush market is a major challenge and is expected to adversely affect the market during the forecast period. About Us: ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. Contact Info: Name: Ritesh Tiwari Email: sales@reportsandreports.com Organization: ReportsnReports Phone: + 1 888 391 5441 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/world-electric-toothbrush-market-8-20-cagr-to-2021/184701 For more information, please visit http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/928983-global-electric-tooth-brush-market-2017-2021.html Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 184701 Recent Press Releases By The Same User DRAM Market: Industry Analysis, Future Growth, Business Prospects and Forecast to 2027 (Mon 10th Apr 17) Global Air Filter For Automotive Market 2016 to 2022 – Market Share, Growth, Industry Segments, Competitor Landscape, Key Players, Trends and Forecasts (Mon 10th Apr 17) Air Independent Propulsion (AIP) Systems for Submarine Market: Industry Analysis, Emerging Trends and Global Forecast to 2022 (Mon 10th Apr 17) Food Safety Testing Global Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 (Mon 10th Apr 17) Piston Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 5% by 2022 (Mon 10th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DRAM Market: Industry Analysis, Future Growth, Business Prospects and Forecast to 2027 Next PostNext Stock Market Software Industry 2022- Trends, Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Key Manufacturers (Interactive Data, Monex Group) Search Recent Posts Leading Research Report of United States Thermal Imaging Market: Emerging Trends, Technology, Applications, Highlights and Challenges Forecast 2017 United States Stairlift Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands Segmentation and Major Players Analysis Research Report 2022 Global Vibration Monitoring Equipment Market: Drivers, Challenges, Segment Forecasts by Applications, Solution, Deployment and End-User- 2022 Night Vision Devices Market in United States : New Tech Developments, Advancements, Key Players, Strategies to Boost Industry Growth 2022 Decorated Apparel Market | Industry Outlook, Trend, Growth & Forecast Analysis Report Till 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     World Electric ToothBrush Market (8.20% CAGR) to 2021   View as PDF  Print View    ReportsnReports.com adds Global Electric ToothBrush Market 2017-2021 latest research report; the analysts forecast global electric toothbrush market to grow at a CAGR of 8.20% during the period 2017-2021. April 10, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- According to the global electric toothbrush market report, the emergence of e-commerce allows for customers to browse and order from a range of product offerings provided by vendors through online portals. It makes the shopping experience of buyers easier and helps in brand retention and visibility. The ability of the vendors to sell the products online allows for higher revenue generation and capturing of a larger share of the market. Complete report on electric toothbrush market spread across 70 pages, analyzing 5 major companies and providing 46 data exhibits are now available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/928983-global-electric-tooth-brush-market-2017-2021.html The global electric toothbrush market analyst says the increasing importance of packaging has led vendors to look for better delivery systems like compressed sizes. Hence, the oral hygiene manufacturers are investing heavily in developing not only convenient-to-use and open packages but also visually appealing packages. Aesthetically appealing features provide an opportunity for manufacturers to differentiate their products from those of their competitors. The use of vibrant colors, different color coding, and creative graphics are becoming common approaches among the market manufacturers. They are also trying to make use of sustainable packages for their products. Many vendors use premium packs for their products to give them an exquisite appeal that highlights the products' quality. The emergence of toothbrush packaging machines has helped the packaging process to gain traction. These machines can package an electric toothbrush with just five millimeters of material on the either side. Thereby helping in reduction of wastage of raw materials and optimum utilization of manpower this helps in containing the operation cost in the market, leading to higher profitability for the vendors. The following companies are the key players in the global electric toothbrush market: Colgate-Palmolive, Koninklijke Philips, P&G, Panasonic, and Water Pik. Other prominent vendors in the market are: Arm and Hammer, Conair, Mouth Watchers, OMRON Healthcare, Summer Infant, and Brush-Baby. Order a copy of Global Electric ToothBrush Market 2017-2021 report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=928983 Global Electric Toothbrush Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global electric toothbrush market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of electric toothbrush. Further, the report states that the global electric toothbrush market is highly competitive and has many vendors. These vendors include large companies, which produce a broad range of innovative and superior products on a global scale, to medium and small-sized companies that focus on a single product line and in a geographic region. Inquire for Discount at http://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/discount.aspx?name=928983 The leading vendors spend a significant amount of money on product promotions and events to improve their brand equity. These companies also work with brand ambassadors for the promotion and establishment of a desirable brand image. The cost involved in promotions increases each year, which in turn affects the operating margin of the vendors. The requirement to spend huge amounts on promotions is becoming a challenge for vendors. Hence, the intense competition in the electric toothbrush market is a major challenge and is expected to adversely affect the market during the forecast period. About Us: ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. Contact Info: Name: Ritesh Tiwari Email: sales@reportsandreports.com Organization: ReportsnReports Phone: + 1 888 391 5441 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/world-electric-toothbrush-market-8-20-cagr-to-2021/184701 For more information, please visit http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/928983-global-electric-tooth-brush-market-2017-2021.html Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 184701 Recent Press Releases By The Same User PAY plus HR develops a Single Cloud-Based Payroll and HR Solution (Tue 11th Apr 17) Global Bakery Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 (Tue 11th Apr 17) New Life Expands Marriage Counseling Services to Brandon, Riverview, Plant City (Tue 11th Apr 17) Global Automotive Electronic Power Steering 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 (Tue 11th Apr 17) Helicopter Avionics Market Global Analysis & 2017-2022 Forecast Research Report (Tue 11th Apr 17) 2017 Global Retail Analytics Market Dynamics Estimated To Reach Strong Value With A Healthy CAGR Till 2022 (Tue 11th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Leisure Last Modified: Fri, Apr 07 2017. 06 03 PM IST Shombit Sengupta: The art brand The maverick founder of Shining Consulting on connecting with the consumer, why he doesn’t believe in start-ups, and seeking reinvention at 63 Subscribe to our newsletter. Sumana Mukherjee Illustration by Jayachandran/Mint In his 2013 book Zen Garden: Conversations With Pathmakers, Subroto Bagchi, co-founder of IT firm Mindtree, recalls being tipped off about Shombit Sengupta ahead of their first meeting in 1999. “I was told that if you did not have a budget of a crore as consulting fee, you didn’t go to Shombit. But wait a minute. There was another condition—he had to like you!” he writes about the man who, he says, taught him “more about brands...than anyone else in my entire career”. The trouble, though, is that Sengupta no longer wants to talk about brands. At 63, the founder and creative strategist of Shining Consulting, responsible for the consumer interface makeover of companies such as Unilever, Nestlé, Procter & Gamble, Rémy Martin, Johnson & Johnson, Wipro and Mahindra & Mahindra, would rather concentrate on his art. It’s the reason why, after 40-odd years in France, he now prefers to spend 60% of his time in India. In Bengaluru, to be precise, where, many years ago, he bought a dilapidated transformer factory in Whitefield and redesigned it into an abode like no other. It’s tempting to see the house, split into two wings, as a metaphor for Sengupta’s own life, divided between France and India, brand design and art. The two parts of the house are connected by a labyrinthine corridor; the walls have Sengupta’s own exuberant artworks while the floor space resembles a fairground, installed with the most dazzling collection of colourful Indian kitsch: shiny lip balms, glittery balls, skeins of crinkled cotton, stacks of glass bangles. It’s all a bit overwhelming. Like the man himself. Kitted out in a sheep-print shirt, his shock of hair still more pepper than salt, Sengupta demands attention as he talks. His story is so fantastic, it’s hard to look away but it does not do to merely follow his words: He needs total engagement. He responds in kind, listening actively and often stepping outside himself to call you out. As he does when his wife Renee Jhala, managing director of Shining Consulting—they met while he was consulting with Wipro, where she was head of public relations—wafts by: “She is making me talk about the brands,” he mock-complains about me, but acknowledges in the next breath that the success that followed his disruptive approach to design and branding allowed him to reboot his life as a sexagenarian to focus on art. "I read a lot. Among books that left a deep impression on me are ‘Das Kapital’, ‘The Little Red Book’, ‘Bhagavad Gita’. Also, the biographies of Leonardo da Vinci, Salvador Dali, Sigmund Freud. In fiction, Victor Hugo and Guy de Maupassant are favourites, along with Bengal’s Sankar—he based his ‘Manab Sagar Tirey’ on my life—and Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay. I don’t like Rabindranath Tagore, he could never touch me the way Saratbabu did. I have read ‘Pather Dabi’ at least 10 times." “I went into business (as a brand consultant) to earn money,” Sengupta says without preamble. “And I stuck around for 35 years. Art has always informed my work. But I never delivered something that only looked good; my work made businesses look good.” Aesthetics, one might think, was not supposed to be the strong suit of a boy born in a camp for East Pakistan refugees in Kanchrapara, West Bengal. But early on, Sengupta developed an appreciation of his surroundings. If the Bengali Bengal was defined by poverty, the Victorian Bengal was embodied in the British-built residence of his schoolteacher-mother’s friend. In Chandannagar, a row or a swim across the Hooghly, he encountered a third Bengal, a French Bengal. His father, a committed Communist and anti-British activist, had French sympathies—he was a fan of the Vincent van Gogh biopic Lust For Life, which portrayed the Dutch artist’s flowering in Paris—and subtly communicated to the young boy that an art education, to be worthwhile, had to be French. And so it was that at the age of 19, only half-done with his course at the Government College of Art and Craft in what was still Calcutta, Sengupta bought himself a ticket to Paris for Rs2,700, the sale proceeds of his mother’s gold bangles. “I could barely speak English, let alone French,” says Sengupta, his English still thickly accented by Bengali. “But I had a skill in art and I was determined to develop it.” Though Sengupta went on to join École Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts de Paris, the national school of fine arts, and then studied design at École Supérieure d’Arts Graphiques Penninghen, formal degrees were not his forte. Perpetually short of funds and compelled to send money home, Sengupta took up any work he could find, from sweeping floors to assisting lithographers. “Intelligence or leadership are not qualities you learn in school. Apprenticeship is very important. I was always drawn to writers, advocates, psychologists, performing artistes—that was the way I nurtured myself, how I learnt to converge different elements when it came to branding and design as well.” A considerable part of Sengupta’s success as a brand guru championing a “consumer connect” must be laid at the door of this carefully cultivated understanding of multiple disciplines. “Art was the only way I could earn. Yves Brayer, a famous artist I met at the lithographer’s, encouraged me to consider design communication. So I studied graphic design, applied art, photography, typography. But once in the field, I found I was completely different from everybody. Because of my multiple interests, areas of expertise and a humanist outlook, I made for a grand solutions provider. I can diagnose an ailing business the way a good doctor diagnoses a patient. “Also, my language was completely different,” Sengupta says. “So, if a chief executive officer came to me and said his product was ‘premium’, I would ask him, what’s premium about a consumer product? Affordability is a different issue but, by labelling yourself ‘premium’, you’re alienating a huge market.” His maverick approach included hanging out at a kirana, or neighbourhood grocery store, to figure out why large cooking-oil containers weren’t selling, and picking up the Britannia tag line Eat Healthy, Think Better from a Kolkata rickshaw-puller. Business magazines lavished pages on him, a colourful, plain-speaking break from the pinstriped politically correct. At its peak, the Shining client list read like the who’s who of the corporate world: Prominent among them were 3M, Dow Chemicals, Carrefour, Intermarché, Corning/Newell, Henkel, Nivea, L’Oréal, Pernod Ricard, Reckitt Benckiser, Galerie Lafayette-Monoprix, Total Petroleum internationally, and Reliance Retail, Madura Garments, Coffee Day, Jindal Steel & Power in India. Of late, Sengupta has consciously cut down consulting engagements to a few select clients, mostly in Europe. But, out of the corner of his eye, he continues to pick up on trends and behaviours in the market. Pet among his peeves are Indian businesses that aim to be conglomerates rather than single-domain enterprises. “I give them 15-20 years, they won’t last beyond that,” he says. “Before the Tatas launched the Nano, I had said it wouldn’t work—and it didn’t. When businesses believe in one thing, they can nurture people, build expertise. I hope the new generation will follow that path. Take Airtel. (Sunil Bharti Mittal) tried a couple of other things but his focus was one. Infosys, too, has focused on one domain. “As for the young people working on start-ups, I always tell them, don’t go for start-ups—shorthand for make money and go away—go for build-ups. All businesses have always been start-ups. All this new language is totally nonsense!” In the second hour of our conversation, we are sitting at a worktable in his sprawling, double-height studio, with its curving walls and natural light. All around us are works old and new: Some acrylic-on-canvas frames from Sengupta’s 2016 Night Spirit series, depicting the owl in various mythologies; a few of the tiled Désordre installation series—first made in 2008—which viewers are invited to scramble like a jigsaw puzzle; multiple large canvases featuring a woman and a horse that gallerist Vickram Sethi places in a metaphysical/sexual lineage dating back to the legend of Lady Godiva. He last showed at the Institute of Contemporary Indian Art, Kala Ghoda, Mumbai, in November; a couple of exhibitions are lined up in Europe later this year. For all the workload, art has always been a mainstay for Sengupta. “Art was the foundation of my work,” he says simply, when I ask him how he juggled the two (he was also a weekly columnist for The Indian Express between 2009-14, and is the author of the Jalebi trilogy, on managing businesses in India). “I don’t sleep for more than 4-5 hours a day. Only between 1978-84 did art take a back seat, because I was setting up Shining. But even then, my sketchbook never left my side. “Around 1994, I realized it was important for an artist to develop his own school of thought. That’s when I came up with the concept of Gesturism, basing it on a professor’s early appreciation of the kinetic energy in my works. My style changed completely after that. But Renee pointed out that my art was too Cartesian (after René Descartes, whose philosophy was the bedrock of continental rationalism), too European. I needed to re-root myself in India to define my identity, unite my French inspiration and sense of structure with the non-dogmatic, indisciplined way India uses colour. A third factor was my examination of the désordre—disorder in the French sense, related to physical objects—in India.” In a life so packed with activity, art and accolades, turning 60 was a milestone. “Renee pushed me to devote more time to art at that juncture,” says Sengupta. “Fine art is pre-civilizational; design is a post-industrialization phenomenon, aiming to satisfy a human need, stated or unstated. Art, on the other hand, is completely individual; it needs no other justification.” As we wind down our conversation, the canvases around us look on. Each of them bears the flamboyant Sen signature: The artist prefers to use a truncated version of the family name for his work. Interestingly, his son from his first marriage, too, shortened his name Saikat to Shoi. As Shoi Sen, marketing man-turned-lead guitarist for British band De Profundis, he opened for Iron Maiden in Bengaluru in 2009. Reinvention, it seems, is a family trait. Sumana Mukherjee Topics: Shombit Sengupta Shining Consulting Start-ups Unilever Nestlé More From Livemint READ MORE Poker-playing engineers take on AI machine, get thrashed Upbeat Mumbai Indians take on formidable Sunrisers Hyderabad SC sets aside ruling allowing compensatory tariff to Tata Power, Adani Power First Published: Fri, Apr 07 2017. 03 56 PM IST Editor's Picks Flipkart’s Sachin, Binny Bansal lose billionaire status after funding round Cyber attack on Union Bank of India similar to Bangladesh heist: Report Why Flipkart’s valuation wasn’t hurt by multiple markdowns Latest News Upbeat Mumbai Indians take on formidable Sunrisers Hyderabad SC sets aside ruling allowing compensatory tariff to Tata Power, Adani Power Rupee rally begs questions over RBI stance after lack of action G7 seeks broad support to isolate Syrian president Bashar al-Assad Aditya Birla Nuvo shareholders sign off Grasim merger plan Mint On Sunday All the world's a stage: Teaching autistic children through theatre When ant enslaves ant The beauty of a good detective story Letter from... a backpack Love in the age of terabytes Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Dietary Fibers Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Dietary Fibers market is estimated at $2.73 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $5.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.7% from 2016 to 2022. Growing demand for fiber supplements to overcome nutrition deficiency and increasing health consciousness among the people are the drivers propelling the market growth. Moreover change in life style requires more fiber nutrients to balance the diet is another prominent factor driving the market growth. However stringent regulatory approvals are hindering the market growth. Insoluble fiber in product segment is anticipated to move with a highest CAGR during forecast period owing to maintenance of balanced PH by consuming these kinds of fibers. Fruits and vegetables in source segment accounted for the largest market share in 2015, cereals and grains segment is expected to show healthy growth rate during forecast period. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period owing to increase in disposable incomes. Some of the key players in the market include Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM), Cargill, Incorporated, Danisco, E. I. Dupont De Nemours and Company, GlaxosmithKline(GSK), Grain Processing Corporation, Ingredion Incorporated, J. Rettenmaier & Söhne GmbH & Co. Kg, Novartis, Novus International, Procter and Gamble, Roquette Frères Company, Royal DSM, Sas Nexira, Südzucker AG Company, Sunopta, Inc. And Tate & Lyle PLC Company. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/dietary-fibers-market Products Covered: • Soluble o Pectin o Inulin o Beta-Glucan o Polydextrose o Other Solubles • Conventional • Insoluble o Resistant Starch o Lignin o Chitin o Chitosan o Hemicellulose o Cellulose o Other Insoluble • Novel Sources Covered: • Fruits & Vegetables o Beet o Carrot o Okra o Apple o Raspberries o Pear • Cereals & Grains o Bran o Rice o Wheat • Other Sources o Soy o Legumes o Nuts o Beans and Peas Applications Covered: • Pharmaceuticals • Animal Feed • Functional Foods • Functional Beverages • Pet Food • Bakery & Confectionary • Dairy Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/dietary-fibers-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Hiking Apparel Market 2017 – Addidas, Nike, Mammut, Haglofs, Patagonia, Marmot, Decathlon, Toread Next PostNext Wencor Group Announces Acquisition Of Accessory Technologies Corporation (“ATC”) Posted on 10 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Dietary Fibers Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Dietary Fibers market is estimated at $2.73 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $5.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.7% from 2016 to 2022. Growing demand for fiber supplements to overcome nutrition deficiency and increasing health consciousness among the people are the drivers propelling the market growth. Moreover change in life style requires more fiber nutrients to balance the diet is another prominent factor driving the market growth. However stringent regulatory approvals are hindering the market growth. Insoluble fiber in product segment is anticipated to move with a highest CAGR during forecast period owing to maintenance of balanced PH by consuming these kinds of fibers. Fruits and vegetables in source segment accounted for the largest market share in 2015, cereals and grains segment is expected to show healthy growth rate during forecast period. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period owing to increase in disposable incomes. Some of the key players in the market include Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM), Cargill, Incorporated, Danisco, E. I. Dupont De Nemours and Company, GlaxosmithKline(GSK), Grain Processing Corporation, Ingredion Incorporated, J. Rettenmaier & Söhne GmbH & Co. Kg, Novartis, Novus International, Procter and Gamble, Roquette Frères Company, Royal DSM, Sas Nexira, Südzucker AG Company, Sunopta, Inc. And Tate & Lyle PLC Company. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/dietary-fibers-market Products Covered: • Soluble o Pectin o Inulin o Beta-Glucan o Polydextrose o Other Solubles • Conventional • Insoluble o Resistant Starch o Lignin o Chitin o Chitosan o Hemicellulose o Cellulose o Other Insoluble • Novel Sources Covered: • Fruits & Vegetables o Beet o Carrot o Okra o Apple o Raspberries o Pear • Cereals & Grains o Bran o Rice o Wheat • Other Sources o Soy o Legumes o Nuts o Beans and Peas Applications Covered: • Pharmaceuticals • Animal Feed • Functional Foods • Functional Beverages • Pet Food • Bakery & Confectionary • Dairy Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/dietary-fibers-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Hiking Apparel Market 2017 – Addidas, Nike, Mammut, Haglofs, Patagonia, Marmot, Decathlon, Toread Next PostNext Wencor Group Announces Acquisition Of Accessory Technologies Corporation (“ATC”) Search Recent Posts Synovial Sarcoma Global Therapeutics Development Report Pipeline Review, H1 2017: Trends, Drivers and Outlook Discover Lassa Fever (Lassa Hemorrhagic Fever) Therapeutic Pipeline H1 2017, Drug Profile and Major Key Players Indian Cheese Market Global Industry Analysis and Forecast Till 2020 Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Venezuela: Maduro Government Must Stop Silencing Opposition Voices Pipeline Review, H1 2017: Rectal Cancer Therapeutics Analysis by Stage of Development, Drug Target, MoA, RoA & Molecule Type Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » Indians pay more for soaps, shampoos $ toothpastes as HUL and P$G get ready for GST Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone Indians pay more for soaps, shampoos & toothpastes as HUL and P&G get ready for GSTSachin Dave & Sagar Malviya In the run-up to GST implementation, HUL & P&G are either changing production strategies or raising prices to reflect the new tax treatment for their products. | ET Bureau | Updated: Apr 10, 2017, 08.59 AM IST Under GST, most retailing goods are expected to attract taxes anywhere between 18% and 28%. MUMBAI: Indians are paying more for soaps, shampoos, or toothpastes, but the recent price hikes or altered output strategies may have less to do with input costs or demand than with the goods and services tax (GST) - the biggest change in the taxation landscape since Independence. In the run-up to the implementation of the GST, expected on July 1, consumer goods companies such as Hindustan Unilever (HUL) and Procter & Gamble (P&G) are either changing their production strategies or raising prices to reflect the new tax treatment for their products. HUL, India's biggest consumer company, has increased its production run in anticipation that GST would lower its tax burden, while P&G has taken an opposite view for its range of products, according to industry officials and distributors who did not want to be named. Prices were raised now to give companies the room to cut, and still cushion operating margins, once GST kicked in. "HUL has taken the view that tax rates on some of its product categories may come down after GST. This would mean that the margins may go up, due to which HUL has increased its production," one of the people aware of the development, told ET. "P&G is, however, down-stocking its products with retailers, and has even reduced the manufacturing of some of its products." Under GST, most retailing goods are expected to attract taxes anywhere between 18% and 28%. While HUL assumes that the rates could come down to around 18% from about 23% now, P&G has changed its production strategy on the assumption that tax rates would be 28%. "Upstocking and down-stocking would mean there could be a blip in the GDP recorded after GST is rolled out. So, if things go according to what HUL has envisaged and the tax rates are lowered, HUL would reduce its production and first try to sell products manufactured before the GST date, on which old tax rates apply," a tax expert said. For its part, HUL said it is premature to comment on the impact of GST now, pointing instead to what it described as steep increases in the cost of inputs — particularly vegetable oils, and raw materials linked to crude-oil. "Due to this, HUL has had to take calibrated price increases to offset some portion of the net input cost inflation, and the rest is managed through higher savings and better mix. In the short term, our production and sales plans are fine-tuned regularly to reflect market requirements," an HUL spokesperson said. P&G refused to provide its comments for this report. During the last quarter, HUL removed discount offers as high as 15% from detergents, soaps and, shampoos, while Godrej Consumers raised the prices of the Godrej No1 and Cinthol soap-cakes by 11-13% year-on-year. India's biggest oral-care company Colgate, which usually raises prices by 5-7% every year, increased them by 10-18% over last year. On a separate email questionnaire about the changes in its manufacturing strategy in the run-up to GST, HUL said: "We have been preparing for migrating to GST for the past two years. Our supply chain strategies have always been done over the long term after factoring in the post-GST scenario. In the short term, our production and sales plans are fine-tuned regularly to reflect the market requirements." DE-STOCKING EFFECT Unlike the November demonetisation, after which the impact lasted for more than a quarter, the GST may have a de-stocking effect, but for a short duration, say experts. Also, analysts expect HUL to expand its operating margins because of GST, as fewer warehouses and other benefits would lower its cost base. "There is a high probability that trade may start de-stocking inventory as the date of GST implementation draws closer, with a view to reducing the VAT-paid inventory in the system so that it does not have to take the credit from GST-paid goods as output," said Abneesh Roy, senior vice president at Edelweiss Financial Services that expects HUL to expand its operating margins. "De-stocking could also happen due to non-clarity on GST rates." Hasmukh Adhia, revenue secretary, responding to an email query on product categorisation had told ET, that the government is using harmonised system of nomenclature (HSN) that provides for detailed scientific method of classification for goods, and which is set to remove definitional ambiguities and minimising classification/rate of tax related disputes. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Bollywood actresses most Googled in 2016 CRITICSUNION 9 Discounts Seniors Get Only If they Know BusinessAdviceSource.com Get a First Hand Look at the New Uses of 3D Printing Travelers More from The Times of India Oldest spacewoman sets spacewalking record Why you feel sleepy after lunch Mobile app to help tourists explore Raj heritage sites From the Web More From The Times of India 30 Car Cleaning Hacks Your Local Cleaners Don't Want You T..Activly What's Hiding On This Island Is ImpossibleHeadCramp After 15 Years Of Friendship, This Tiger And Bear Just Sai..OMG LANE 8 Worst Foods For Prostate HealthProstate.net 11 Beautiful Places In The World Where Homes Cost As Littl..SmartTravel.Tips R K Nagar bypoll catches AIADMK off guard Delhi records season's hottest morning at 23.9 deg C 22-year-old becomes youngest IIT teacher - Times of India China not opposed to India's NSG bid: Sushma Ram temple in Ayodhya was demolished by Aurangzeb: Book ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Sometimes Virat Kohli is so aggressive, I feel a bit scared: R Ashwin 'Osama's head had to be put together for identification' Arvind Kejriwal has forgotten all principles, says Anna Hazare Top 20 Perfectly Timed Pictures Ad: SocialDaft! 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas L&T names Subrahmanyan as CEO; Naik, non-executive chairman Larsen & Toubro chairman AM Naik will step down from his executive role to be the non-executive chairman of the engineering conglomerate, while SN Subrahmanyan will take over as its chief executive. PMO to review GST rate fitment Prime Minister’s Office to review the GST rate fitment post recommendations from various industries. From around the Web MasterChef Canada Judges Talk Favorite Ontario Delicacies Mediaplanet Most anticipated action movies of 2017 CRITICSUNION Discover Long Lost Photos of Your Ancestors Ancestry In 5 Days You Can Be On A Boat... Cheap Cruise Sponsored Ads More From The Times of India Paytm taps online-to-offline to get users for e-commerce biz Snapdeal founders assure employees of job security No age bar: Senior citizens take school exams Read MoretoothpastessoapsshampoosProcter & GambleP&G Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Paytm taps online-to-offline to get users for e-commerce biz Snapdeal founders assure employees of job security Techies reskill to log on to big data deluge Staff shortage at ordnance factories hurts defence projects 1Indians pay more for soaps, shampoos & toothpastes as HUL and P&G get ready for GST 2Paytm taps online-to-offline to get users for e-commerce biz 3Snapdeal founders assure employees of job security 4Techies reskill to log on to big data deluge 5Staff shortage at ordnance factories hurts defence projects Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Rashid Khan Ravindra Gaikwad IPL Score: MI vs KKR IPL Score National Awards 2017 Gujarat Lions vs SRH IPL 2017 Yogi Adityanath Mumbai Indians Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Gujarat Lions vs SRH MI vs KKR Real Madrid Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Kollywood News Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Yogi Adityanath IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Pionts Table RCB Players List PM Modi Kaatru Veliyidai Review xXx Baahubali 2 Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry No plans for an IPO yet; will be bringing new products on board: Patanjali Ayurveda No plans for an IPO yet; will be bringing new products on board: Patanjali Ayurveda Patanjali Ayurved on Tuesday said it is focussing only on the domestic market currently and not looking at the international market with vigor. By: FE Online | Updated: April 11, 2017 11:55 AM Talking about the company strategy it said, “We will be bringing on board new products. We have also developed a new market called Ayurveda.” Patanjali Ayurved on Tuesday said it is focussing only on the domestic market currently and not looking at the international market with vigor. the In a conversation with ET Now, the FMCG company ruled out any plans for IPO. “There are no plans for an IPO yet,” it said. Talking about the company strategy it said, “We will be bringing on board new products. We have also developed a new market called Ayurveda.” When asked about the advertisement strategy, Patanjali said “Our ads are not for promoting our products but are informative”. “We are against councils that are biased towards a particular party,” it added. Recently, an ASSOCHAM– TechSci Research paper said that Patanjali Ayurveda has turned out to be the most disruptive force in India’s fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) market. Patanjali which has expanded its product portfolio across wide range of personal care and food and beverages witnessed a whopping annual growth of 146 per cent in fiscal 2016 grossing in turnover of $769 million whereas its peers including ITC, Dabur, Hindustan Unilever, Colgate – Palmolive and Procter and Gamble, among others, struggled to get a growth much less than a double digit.   Catch the Man on Swadeshi Mission, @Ach_Balkrishna of Patanjali Ayurved in an exclusive conversation w/ @sonalikrishna, all day on ET NOW. pic.twitter.com/7ZjAZJXk4Q — ET NOW (@ETNOWlive) April 11, 2017 Meanwhile, even as Patanjali plans a tripling of its retail presence to 3 million by March next year, the firm is strengthening its distribution network to be able to reach out to traders. To do this, Patanjali’s advertising strategy is such that it targets traders rather than only consumers. The company is among the top advertisers in the country. Of the total 1.14 lakh insertions last year, 84% were on news channels and nearly 99% on Hindi news channels. That’s one way of reining in costs since this genre is cheaper than GECs (general entertainment channels) but it also means missing out on a core audience. The rest of the FMCG pack relies on entertainment channels to sell their products because news channels have a relatively small share of the viewership pie — English news at 0.03%, Hindi news at 3% and regional news at 3.5%, as per KPMG-FICCI. No Comments. Trending Now Proud moment: After losing 80% vision, Prachi Sukhwani cracks CAT, set to join IIM-Ahmedabad! Now, Narendra Modi Government to decide on how much you eat on your plate MCD elections 2017: Not just 'aam aadmi', AAP now eyes votes of the wealthy too Mars has metal in its atmosphere, reveals NASA probe Indian Express Digital launches Lifealth.com, the one-stop wellness portal Parking woes in Noida: High Court summons Authority CEO Indian tourists spent nearly $ 12 billion in US in 2015 Supreme Court to hear plea seeking to stop providing government accommodation to former UP CMs WATCH When Narendra Modi got upset at a cutting Prabhu Chawla question US seeks help on Syria but leaves key questions unresolved Donald Trump administration open to more strikes on Syria Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News लोकसभा में बोले राजनाथ सिंह- कुलभूषण जाधव के पास है भारत का वैध वीजा, कैसे हो सकता है जासूस अगर पाकिस्‍तानी आतंकियों ने फिर से किया 26/11 जैसा हमला तो भारत को रोकना मुश्किल होगा: रिपोर्ट 2017 के पुलित्जर पुरस्कारों की घोषणा, न्यूयॉर्क टाइम्स को सर्वाधिक तीन पुरस्कार, देखें पूरी लिस्ट Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Global Analysis of Dietary Fibers Market Outlook, 2016 – 2022 Global Dietary Fibers market is estimated at $2.73 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $5.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.7% from 2016 to 2022. Growing demand for fiber supplements to overcome nutrition deficiency and increasing health consciousness among the people are the drivers propelling the market growth. Moreover change in life style requires more fiber nutrients to balance the diet is another prominent factor driving the market growth. However stringent regulatory approvals are hindering the market growth. Request a sample of Market Research Report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/255878 Insoluble fiber in product segment is anticipated to move with a highest CAGR during forecast period owing to maintenance of balanced PH by consuming these kinds of fibers. Fruits and vegetables in source segment accounted for the largest market share in 2015, cereals and grains segment is expected to show healthy growth rate during forecast period. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period owing to increase in disposable incomes. Some of the key players in the market include Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM), Cargill, Incorporated, Danisco, E. I. Dupont De Nemours and Company, GlaxosmithKline(GSK), Grain Processing Corporation, Ingredion Incorporated, J. Rettenmaier & Söhne GmbH & Co. Kg, Novartis, Novus International, Procter and Gamble, Roquette Frères Company, Royal DSM, Sas Nexira, Südzucker AG Company, Sunopta, Inc. And Tate & Lyle PLC Company. Products Covered: Soluble Pectin Inulin Beta-Glucan Polydextrose Other Solubles Conventional Insoluble Resistant Starch Lignin Chitin Chitosan Hemicellulose Cellulose Other Insoluble Novel Sources Covered: Fruits & Vegetables Beet Carrot Okra Apple Raspberries Pear ereals & Grains Bran Rice Wheat Oher Sources Soy Legumes Nuts Beans and Peas Applications Covered: Pharmaceuticals Animal Feed Functional Foods Functional Beverages Pet Food Bakery & Confectionary Dairy Browse Full Market Research Report@ www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/dietary-fibers-global… Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Steam Autoclaves Market 2017-2027 by Segmentation Based on Product, Application and Region Next PostNext Global Analysis of Food Allergen Testing Market Outlook, 2016 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Budgetary Impact Analysis for Executive Order Entitled “Omnibus Report on Significant Trade Deficits” Budgetary Impact Analysis for Executive Order Entitled “Establishing Enhanced Collection and Enforcement of Antidumping and Countervailing Duties and Violations of Trade and Customs Laws” Global Lockout Tagout Equipment Market 201: Overview, Opportunities, In-Depth Analysis Overview, Growth Impact and Demand Global Smart Mining Market is Expected to Reach a Value of USD 15838.01 Million by the End of 2022 PET Pharmaceutical Packaging Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Market Size of Cosmetic Chemicals, Forecast Report 2015-2025 Cosmetic chemicals are the primary ingredients that are used for formulation of personal care products. Cosmetics have come from late civilizations due to need for improving looks and appearance. Since then, ingredients in cosmetics have changed drastically and new techniques and formulas were introduced to manufacture own cosmetics and scents. Different minerals were used to produce colors by the ancient Egyptian aristocracy to give description to their facial features. During the Greek era it was very universal to make use of face paints, while the Romans favored baths that contained oil based perfumes. Almost 1500 chemical entities have been recognized to be cosmetic chemicals globally. The common chemicals that are found in the cosmetics include thickening agents, carrier powders, colorants, pigments, surfactants, preservatives, emollients, film formers and moisturizers among others. The cosmetics chemicals which are consumed on a large scale include emollients, film formers and moisturizers followed by surfactants globally. The cosmetic industry is fragmented as large number of suppliers provides a very wide range of inorganic and organic chemicals that are the necessary ingredients in the cosmetic industry. Nevertheless, twenty or more major international companies have a considerable share of cosmetic chemicals trade in the market. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-322 The cosmetic market is generally segmented based on products into surfactants, oleochemicals, aroma chemicals and blends, botanical extracts, fats, oils and waxes and polymers among others. The major applications of these chemicals include the skin care products, hair care products, color cosmetics, makeup, toiletries and oral care among others. The major diving factors of the cosmetic industry include growing demand from the ethnic groups for beauty products that are tailored according to their needs. In addition, the increasing purchasing power coupled with growing awareness and demand for personal care products among the aging baby boomers is also expected to fuel demand for cosmetic chemicals market. However, increasing demand of natural ingredients may hamper the growth graph of the global cosmetic chemicals market. In addition, major companies have comply with standards and regulations in the industry. Visit for TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-322 The key segments for cosmetic chemicals market include North America, Asia Pacific, Europe and Rest of the World (RoW). North America is expected to be the largest consumer of cosmetic chemical owing to the high demand for hair care products and growing demand for multifunctional products. In addition, growing male grooming segment is also expected to boost demand for cosmetic chemicals in the market. Asia Pacific is expected to be the largest consumer of cosmetic chemicals in the near future. Southeast Asia including Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam and Singapore is expected to show substantial growth in the coming years. The trends that the cosmetic industry follow globally include Globalization of cosmetic products as major international companies such as L’Oreal, Unilever and Procter & Gamble continue to invest in the growing markets. Other trends include consolidation, increased use of nontraditional distribution channels and growing interest in cosmeceuticals among others. The cosmetic chemicals companies use innovative bio based high performance products and advanced technologies to manufacture a wide variety of products. The key companies profiled include: Akzo Nobel NV, Ashland Incorporated, Active Organics, BASF SE, Berkshire Hathaway Incorporated, Bayer AG, Clariant International Limited, Dow Chemical Company, Eastman Chemical Company, Evonik Industries AG, Emery Oleochemicals Group, FMC Corporation, Novecare, Integrated Botanical Technologies, Pilot Chemical Company, Procter & Gamble Company, Solvay SA and United-Guardian Incorporated among others. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCosmetic Chemicals Market, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) Market Analysis, Trends, Forecast, 2015-2025 Next PostNext Colposcopes Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Search Recent Posts Global Alpha-Ketoglutaric acid Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 On April 12th, This Instagram Competitor Will Let You Get Paid for Posting NASTY WOMEN and BAD HOMBRES–An Exhibit of Bronze and Wax Sculptures About Our Times Parent-mediated therapy may help babies at risk of developing autism Global Parenteral Nutrition Products Market Analysis, Regional Outlook & Competitive Strategies 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Profiteers monitored during Sonkgran festival | Bangkok Post: business News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > Business News Profiteers monitored during Sonkgran festival 11 Apr 2017 at 08:28 3,803 viewed2 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: PHUSADEE ARUNMAS Deputy Commerce Minister Sontirat Sontijirawong (second right) and Nuntawan Sakuntanaga, director-general of the Internal Trade Department, attend the opening of a new Thong Fah low-cost market. (Photo by Phusadee Arunmas) - + The government is warning local traders not to profiteer during the Songkran festival, and insists it has yet to approve price increase requests by traders for the festive period. According to Deputy Commerce Minister Sontirat Sontijirawong, the ministry has assigned the Internal Trade Department, which supervises domestic product prices, to closely monitor and examine consumer product prices during the Songkran holiday. Traders operating at major bus terminals and railway stations are particularly targeted, he said. Under the Price of Goods and Services Act, any traders found selling goods or services at prices higher than the reference prices will be subject to seven years' imprisonment, a fine of up to 140,000 baht or both. Vendors without price labelling will be subject to a fine of not more than 10,000 baht. In a related development, the Commerce Ministry yesterday started another Thong Fah (Blue Flag) Pracha Rat low-cost scheme, selling non-branded products 15-20% cheaper than market prices, mainly via small retail outlets and at retail and wholesale shops. The cheaply priced consumer goods are manufactured and supplied by five leading manufacturers -- Sahapattanapibul Plc, Unilever Thai Trading Ltd, Colgate-Palmolive Thailand, Proctor & Gamble Trading Thailand and Berli Jucker Plc -- which agreed early last month to make and supply 48 consumer items at low cost. For the first stage, 18 low-cost items will be made available via 5,500 small retail outlets and at retail and wholesale shops. After April, the scheme aims to cover 20,000 outlets over the next six months and reduce people's cost of living by 1.2 billion baht a year. The low-cost products will not be distributed through existing modern trade outlets such as 7-Eleven. Mr Sontirat said the Thong Fah scheme will be kept as a permanent project, made available mainly via the small outlets located in easily accessible areas. The initial phase will see 5,454 of the 20,000 total outlets promoted by the Business Development Department and 500 outlets of the 19,000 promoted by the National Village and Urban Community Fund sell the cheap products. The ministry is also committed to continuing to promote the mobile Thong Fah scheme in densely populated communities. It aims to double the number of low-cost food outlets to 20,000 this year. Retail and wholesale businesses account for 27.5% of the country's employment or 2.9 million people, second only to the service sector. The sector accounts for 13.9% of GDP, trailing the service sector (32.6%) and manufacturing (27.7%). RECOMMENDED STORIES THAI Smile tops online ranking Oil price hike seen as fleeting Japan vs the US: which market to reap profits in 2017? Traditional rivals enter code-share deal Motor show bookings stagnant once again Marketers told to keep up with Gen Z Businesses seek action to check rise of baht WHAUP down 1% on first day trading Expedia advises youth focus Most Viewed 19,411 Thailand vulnerable to 'boiling ... 18,059 Fakes among the five stars 17,168 Durian mask singer targeted to ... 15,459 Large cargo ship rams into ... 15,362 THAI and Bangkok Airways agree to ... Recent BUSINESS Articles SET rises 2.45 to 1,583.64 at midday SET rises 0.33 to 1,581.53 at opening Gold prices steady at B20,600 Get full Bangkok Post printed newspaper experience on your digital devices with Bangkok Post e-newspaper. Try it out, it's totally free for 7 days. Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 6 liked & 5 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 12:41 SET rises 2.45 to 1,583.64 at midday 12:29 Grand Palace open to mourners during Songkran 11:51 Japan to formulate "hydrogen society" strategy by year-end 10:40 38 caught, bribe records seized in gambling bust 10:37 Songkran storms warning for upper Thailand 10:29 Indonesian graft investigator attacked by unidentified men 10:04 updateSET rises 0.33 to 1,581.53 at opening 09:37 Gold prices steady at B20,600 2 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Follow us: Rss Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Youtube Instagram ANSA English Editions Mediterraneo NuovaEuropa Ansa Vatican Click & Search Go to ANSA.it Chiudi MENU Home General News Politics Business Science&Technology LifeStyle Travel Arts, Culture & Style Fashion & Luxury Food & Wine Sport Vatican World Photo Jubilee Go to ANSA.it General News Politics Business Science&Technology LifeStyle Travel Arts, Culture & Style Fashion & Luxury Food & Wine Sport Vatican World Photo Jubilee Go to ANSA.it ANSA.it English Trending ANSA.it English Vatican Pope's laundry for homeless opens Pope's laundry for homeless opens After barbers', showers in St Peter's © ANSA +CLICK TO ENLARGE Redazione ANSA Rome 10 April 201715:46 News Suggerisci Facebook Twitter Google+ Altri Stampa Scrivi alla redazione (ANSA) - Rome, April 10 - Pope Francis has opened a laundry for the homeless in Rome.     Six washing machines, six driers and six irons have been set up in the Sant'Egidio community's central Roman site with the help of Procter and Gamble.     The move follows showers and hairdressing services for street people at St Peter's.     ALL RIGHTS RESERVED © Copyright ANSA Condividi Suggerisci Dimensioni video: 628 x 387 960 x 574 Larghezza Auto Start Mostra Titolo Codice monetizzazione per editori Informazioni Accedi Registrati Ottieni il codice embed Comments LATEST NEWS 19:55 Cycling: Aru a doubt for Giro 19:47 Double suicide by inhaling exhaust fumes (2) 19:47 Italian skier dies in French Alps 19:40 Milan bourse closes 0.48% down (2) 19:35 'Secret' Renaissance opens at Urbino 19:15 Nothing to hide in CONSIP case - Renzi 19:13 Spread closes up on 201.8 (2) 18:37 5 or 6 police hurt in Lucca G7 clashes 18:37 5 or 6 police hurt in Lucca G7 clashes 18:29 8 nabbed for Turin courthouse bar graft ›All News Pubblicità ChiudiCondividi Facebook Tweet Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email ChiudiCondividi Link breve Facebook Tweet Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email P.I. IT00876481003 - © Copyright ANSA - All rights reserved Il sito Internet dell'Agenzia ANSA English Editions Mediterraneo Nuova Europa Company profile Company Ansa ANSA in the World Toll-free (only for Italy)800.422.433 Choose by format Text Audio & Video Web & Mobile Photos PROFESSIONAL PROFILE Journalist Editor PR/ Press Office/ Comunication Content Manager Investor Advertisement •Disclaimer •Privacy •Copyright Make ANSA.it your homepage ANSA certification for the production, distribution and publication of news in multimedia format Adv Partner: Partner: Seguici su: Rss Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Youtube Instagram ChiudiCondividi Facebook Tweet Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Vatican laundromat for the homeless opens in Rome Vatican laundromat for the homeless opens in Rome Source : Last Updated: Mon, Apr 10, 2017 23:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print Rome, April 10 (IANS/AKI) The Vatican on Monday opened a free launderette in Rome's central Trastevere district where the city's homeless can wash, dry and iron their clothes and bedding, the pontifical alms office announced. At the request of Pope Francis, six washing machines, six driers and six irons and ironing boards have been donated by Whirlpool and set up in the former San Gallicano hospital with the help of Procter and Gamble. "One of the greatest difficulties for those who live on the streets, along with that of finding food, a place to spend the night and public baths, is to wash and dry the clothes they wear, in many cases the only ones they own," papal almoner Archbishop Konrad Krajewski said in a statement. The Pope Francis Laundry, run by the Sant'Egidio Catholic charity, will be staffed by volunteers, the Vatican said. In the coming months, showers, a locker room, hairdresser's and medical centre for the homeless will open at the site, the Vatican added. Francis' Office of Papal Charities has already opened showers, a barber shop, a dormitory, a healthcare clinic and a pharmacy for the poor near St Peter's Basilica. --IANS/AKI vd SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features No bars on highways Rare April snow, heavy rains cut off Kashmir Dalai Lama's Arunachal visit rattles China, jubilates exiled Buddhists Cartoon: Aadhar everywhere! FBI releases photos off 9/11 Pentagon aftermath About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Hair Spray Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Hair Spray Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 10, 2017 ) Hair sprays comprise volume reduction mousses, cosmeceutical hair styling products, thermal protection hair sprays, and anti-aging sprays are some of the new products that have gained considerable consumer interest in recent years. Publisher's analysts forecast the global thoracic surgery market to grow at a CAGR of 19.1% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-hair-spray-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global hair sprays market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the retail and salon sales of hair spray products to individual customers in the global market. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - Europe - APAC - MEA Publisher's report, Global Hair Spray Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Henkel - Kao - L'OrÃ©al - Procter & Gamble - Shiseido - Unilever Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303205/sample Other prominent vendors - Amway - Avon Products - Cadiveu Professional USA - Chatters Canada - Combe - Conair - Edgewell Personal Care - EstÃ©e Lauder - Godrej Consumer Products - Helen of Troy Limited - Johnson & Johnson - Mary Kay - O BoticÃ¡rio - Revlon - Tom's of Maine - Toni & Guy - World Hair Cosmetics Market driver - Increase in demand for male grooming products - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Threat from counterfeit products - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Increasing internet and smartphone penetration leading to growth in e-commerce - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303205/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Menu Deadline Business Fox News Taps Amy Listerman As Chief Financial Offier Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Top Stories Film Imagine Lands ‘Hillbilly Elegy’ Memoir; Ron Howard To Helm by by David Lieberman WGA Talks: ‘Impasse Is Bona Fide,” Guild Podcast Says Netflix Nabs Global Rights To Noah Baumbach’s Latest Film Box Office ‘Fate Of The Furious’ Global Bow Could Dust ‘F7’s $397M by by David Lieberman Business Fox News Taps Amy Listerman As Chief Financial Offier by David Lieberman April 10, 2017 9:53am 0 Business Breaking News Corporate Affairs News Amy Listerman Fox Business Network Fox News Fox News Channel Fox News Channel has a new CFO to replace Mark Kranz, who retired in August and is said to have been offered immunity to testify in a federal investigation of 21st Century Fox payments to FNC employees who said former chief Roger Ailes sexually harassed them. Related 21st Century Fox Confirms Law Firm's Bill O'Reilly Investigation Co-Presidents Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine gave the job to Amy Listerman, who will begin on May 1, reporting to them. She will oversee all financial matters for FNC and Fox Business Network. Listerman comes to FNC from Scripps Networks Interactive, where she was CFO and SVP Advertising Sales and head of Advertising Sales Data Strategy. Previously she worked at NBCUniversal, Goldman Sachs and Procter & Gamble. “Amy has an impressive track record of strong controllership, leading with integrity and partnering with management on growing new revenue streams,” Abernethy and Shine said in a joint statement. “We look forward to implementing her expertise across all of our business units.” Listerman says that she has “always admired the strength and success of Fox News.” Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 0 No Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. What's Hot on Deadline 1 21st Century Fox Confirms Law Firm's Bill O'Reilly Investigation 2 'Homeland' Makes A Killing: Showtime Drama Axes Major Character 3 Imagine Lands J.D. Vance's Rust Belt Memoir 'Hillbilly Elegy;' Ron Howard To Direct Film 4 Milo Ventimiglia On 'This is Us' Season 2: "Jack And Rebecca Need To Get Their Marriage On Track" – Contenders Emmys 5 'Homeland' EP Talks Shocking Season 6 Finale, Emmy Bid & Damian Lewis' Return 6 John Oliver Makes Anti-Harassment PSA For Donald Trump To Watch On 'O'Reilly Factor' 7 'Homeland' Star On Tragic Finale Twist, Last Scene Injury, Dream Farewell Scene & Doomed Romance 8 'Thor: Ragnarok' Teaser: The Norse God & The Incredible Hulk Get The Led Out 9 Kylie Jenner Spinoff Series Gets Green Light At E! 10 'SNL's Alec Baldwin Trumps Trump With Bill O'Reilly; Pepsi Fizzles & Weekend Update Gives Jared Kushner Flak Latest Business News Movie Theater Stabbing: Couple Faces Assault Charge After Seat-Kicking Incident Escalates NBCU Said To Be Planning Direct-To-Consumer Streaming Service – Report Andy Fickman's Oops Doughnuts Promotes Whitney Engstrom & MaryKate Meath Lynn Nottage’s ‘Sweat’ Wins 2017 Pulitzer Prize For Drama; Criticism Prize Goes To Hilton Als of The… Vizio’s $2B Sale To LeEco Collapses Without Chinese Government Approval UTA Hires Former Innovative Agent Joe Eshenbaugh More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Japan Box Office: 'Ghost in the Shell' Opens Behind 'Sing' Better Call Saul Premiere Recap: Is Jimmy Doomed? — Grade… 'Dancing with the Stars' week 4 rankings: Who gave the best… United Airlines CEO Commends Staff Who Dragged 'Belligerent'… Nokia 9 could rival the iPhone 8 in more than one way About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News FOX News Channel Names Amy Listerman Chief Financial Officer NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–FOX News has appointed Amy Listerman the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Executive Vice President of Finance and Accounting, announced Co-Presidents Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine. Listerman will oversee all financial operations for both FOX News Channel (FNC) and FOX Business Network (FBN). She will begin her new role on May 1st and will report directly to Abernethy and Shine. In making the announcement, Shine and Abernethy said in a joint statement, “We are delighted to welcome Amy to the FOX News leadership team. Amy has an impressive track record of strong controllership, leading with integrity and partnering with management on growing new revenue streams. We look forward to implementing her expertise across all of our business units.” Listerman added, “I have always admired the strength and success of FOX News and I am very excited to join the management team and help foster the network’s growth in this new era of television.” Prior to joining FOX News, Listerman served as the CFO and Senior Vice President of Advertising Sales and head of Advertising Sales Data Strategy at Scripps Networks Interactive. There she was responsible for financial revenue and cost management of the roughly $2 billion advertising sales division. She joined the company in 2012, and saw her role expanded in 2016 to include leadership of the Scripps Data and Analytics organization, managing a team of 35 across the finance, data science & digital research and insights departments. From 2001 to 2012, Listerman served in various capacities relating to business development and sales strategy at NBC Universal (NBCU). Most recently, she held the title of Senior Vice President Ad Sales Finance, Pricing and Strategy, where she oversaw the roughly $2 billion ad revenue management of NBCU’s network news, cable news, Spanish-language broadcast and digital media properties. Previously, she performed financial management roles at Goldman Sachs and Procter & Gamble. A summa cum laude graduate of the University Of Notre Dame with a Bachelor Business Administration degree in Finance and Business Economics, Listerman went on to receive her Master Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School and is an accredited Certified Public Accountant (CPA). FOX News Channel (FNC) is a 24-hour all-encompassing news service dedicated to delivering breaking news as well as political and business news. The number one network in cable, FNC has been the most-watched television news channel for 15 years and according to a Suffolk University/USA Today poll, is the most-trusted television news source in the country. Owned by 21st Century Fox, FNC is available in 90 million homes and dominates the cable news landscape, routinely notching the top ten programs in the genre. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious College For Every Student Live Chats Advance College-and-Career Readiness Next PostNext Divestment of the stake in the Dai Phuoc Lotus Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News FOX News Channel Names Amy Listerman Chief Financial Officer NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–FOX News has appointed Amy Listerman the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Executive Vice President of Finance and Accounting, announced Co-Presidents Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine. Listerman will oversee all financial operations for both FOX News Channel (FNC) and FOX Business Network (FBN). She will begin her new role on May 1st and will report directly to Abernethy and Shine. In making the announcement, Shine and Abernethy said in a joint statement, “We are delighted to welcome Amy to the FOX News leadership team. Amy has an impressive track record of strong controllership, leading with integrity and partnering with management on growing new revenue streams. We look forward to implementing her expertise across all of our business units.” Listerman added, “I have always admired the strength and success of FOX News and I am very excited to join the management team and help foster the network’s growth in this new era of television.” Prior to joining FOX News, Listerman served as the CFO and Senior Vice President of Advertising Sales and head of Advertising Sales Data Strategy at Scripps Networks Interactive. There she was responsible for financial revenue and cost management of the roughly $2 billion advertising sales division. She joined the company in 2012, and saw her role expanded in 2016 to include leadership of the Scripps Data and Analytics organization, managing a team of 35 across the finance, data science & digital research and insights departments. From 2001 to 2012, Listerman served in various capacities relating to business development and sales strategy at NBC Universal (NBCU). Most recently, she held the title of Senior Vice President Ad Sales Finance, Pricing and Strategy, where she oversaw the roughly $2 billion ad revenue management of NBCU’s network news, cable news, Spanish-language broadcast and digital media properties. Previously, she performed financial management roles at Goldman Sachs and Procter & Gamble. A summa cum laude graduate of the University Of Notre Dame with a Bachelor Business Administration degree in Finance and Business Economics, Listerman went on to receive her Master Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School and is an accredited Certified Public Accountant (CPA). FOX News Channel (FNC) is a 24-hour all-encompassing news service dedicated to delivering breaking news as well as political and business news. The number one network in cable, FNC has been the most-watched television news channel for 15 years and according to a Suffolk University/USA Today poll, is the most-trusted television news source in the country. Owned by 21st Century Fox, FNC is available in 90 million homes and dominates the cable news landscape, routinely notching the top ten programs in the genre. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious College For Every Student Live Chats Advance College-and-Career Readiness Next PostNext Divestment of the stake in the Dai Phuoc Lotus Search Recent Posts Edible Insects Market on Track to US$ 722.9 Mn by 2024 mHealth Market – Global Trend, Growth Forecast & Industry Outlook Analysis Report 2015-2022 Global Adhesive Equipment Market Analysis and Forecast 2022 by Size, Share and Growth Rate Global Medical Imaging Market Size, Growth, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Omzet Fastned met 148% toegenomen in eerste kwartaal 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Boosting the Washing and Cleaning Products Market by 2021 Washing and Cleaning Products Market Washing and cleaning products are used in wide range of applications such as Sanitation & Janitorial Cleaning Products, Industrial Cleaners, Kitchen & Catering Cleaning Agents, Food & Dairy Processing Cleaners, Laundry Agents, pulp & paper, chemical processing, agrochemicals and others. Soaps and detergents have become a necessary product in our daily lives. End-users include various industries such as manufacturing units, food & lodging, building service contractors, food & drinks processing units, retail, healthcare and others commercial facilities. However, the needs and requirement for cleaning products used by these industries differ vastly. Products, which are used by building contractors, include those products which are used for cleaning soiled floors, carpets, restrooms, window glasses and furniture. Washing and Cleaning Products Market: Request to view Table of Content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3739 The global demand for washing and cleaning products in the market is driven by rise in population and increasing usage norms impacted as it is by greater concern for hygiene. Cleaning without making use of any detergents or soaps may be time consuming for most of the time. Therefore, products, which make the task easy, quickly and to a high standard, are favorable. However, consumers are more likely to pay for such products. Raising awareness of personal hygiene, increased focus on communal hygiene and growing concern over the spread of infectious disease are some of the other factors which are driving the market for washing and cleaning products. Increasing concern about ensuring the safety, social and self-actualization needs by enabling safe food storage, sterilizing household surfaces and controlling garbage in a hygienic manner are also driving the washing and cleaning market at some extent. In less developed countries, price becomes the major factor as consumers have less money to spend. Therefore, manufacturers of cleaning products must work on this aspect in order to succeed in the washing and cleaning product market. Strict government regulations about use of cleaning agents as many of them consist of certain chemicals which affect the environment in one form or the other. These are some of the factors which are hampering the growth of washing and cleaning products market to some extent. Introduction of new, innovative and technologically advanced products, efficient research and development activities and development of product to meet the needs of the consumer are some of the growth opportunities which is likely to drive this market in the year to come. Improved lifestyle and tip from cleaning experts are some of the trends contributing the growth of this market. Asia Pacific is the largest market for washing and cleaning products attributed to a large population of the emerging countries such as China and India. It is then followed by North America and Europe. Asia Pacific is also the fastest growing region for washing and cleaning products market owing to the rising population of this region. Moreover, rising leaving standard, growing disposable income of the consumer of this region has contributed to the overall growth of the washing and cleaning products market. Sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3739 Some of the major companies operating in washing and cleaning products market include Henkel KGaA, Colgate-Palmolive Company, Procter & Gamble Co., Reckitt Benckiser Plc, The Clorox Company, Church & Dwight, The Dial Corporation and Unilever N.V. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a full-service market intelligence firm specializing in syndicated research, custom research, and consulting services. PMR boasts market research expertise across the Healthcare, Chemicals and Materials, Technology and Media, Energy and Mining, Food and Beverages, Semiconductor and Electronics, Consumer Goods, and Shipping and Transportation industries. The company draws from its multi-disciplinary capabilities and high-pedigree team of analysts to share data that precisely corresponds to clients’ business needs. PMR stands committed to bringing more accuracy and speed to clients’ business decisions. From ready-to-purchase market research reports to customized research solutions, PMR’s engagement models are highly flexible without compromising on its deep-seated research values. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com media@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pumping Up the Advanced Glazing System Market By 2021 Next PostNext BBCs Dan Walker offers mentoring as part of new 10,000 scholarships for Sheffield journalism students Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Radio TV Ghana Contact Login Login Forgot Password New User ! REGISTER.. FEATURED STORY African Pentecostalism Has Given Birth To A New Breed Of Mentally Lazy Chri... OnAIR NEWS SPORTS AFRICA WORLD OPINIONS POLITICS BUSINESS DIASPORA LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT REAL ESTATE CLASSIFIEDS MEDIA MEMBERS Inside Africa Nigeria Egypt Libya Uganda Congo Liberia Kenya Ivory Coast South Africa OnAIR Columns Archive Grey Group Chooses Centrespread As Its Lead Agency In Nigeria Eric Eghaghe 19 hours ago | Nigeria  0  GREY, Adweek Global Agency of the Year, is re-entering Nigeria with immediate effect, having appointed Centrespread, one of Nigeria’s largest independent advertising communications groups as its affiliate in that market. The Centrespread Group, which operates from offices in Lagos and Abuja, will rebrand as Centrespread GREY, re-establishing the global advertising giant as a leader in providing creative and effective full-service marketing solutions across the African continent. WPP, the world's largest global media and communications agency network, made the announcement in Singapore today, signalling yet another critical step in GREY’s growth strategy of developing its networks in fast growing and important markets and sectors in the MEA region. The Centrespread Group will focus on developing a strong local GREY presence in Nigeria and is another step in GREY’s expansion in key African markets. Kola Ayanwale, Centrespread CEO, says he is enthusiastic about the alliance with an iconic agency such as GREY. “The GREY Group ranks among the world's top advertising and marketing organisations, with an enviable global footprint. GREY’s credentials and achievements are impressive and their unique positioning of ‘Famously Effective’ resonates with the same values that have shaped Centrespread into one of Nigeria’s most successful integrated marketing communications agencies over the last three decades. The decision to take on the exciting opportunity of re-establishing GREY in Nigeria and across the continent is one that is met with great enthusiasm by both parties, and we look forward to being an integral part of the continued global success of GREY.” As a full service, through-the-line communications group, Centrespread has been operating since 1982 and employs about 200 staff in its seven business units. Today, Centrespread is made up of all-inclusive integrated marketing communications units which include Centrespread Advertising; DKK, a full service agency offering the full gamut of marketing communications; Interactive Communications, a digital media and online reputation management agency; Pure Activation, a below-the-line agency focused on presence branding and activations; PR Redline, a Public Relations and Reputation Management agency; KontactPoint, an Out of Home channel company and Mediamore, a media specialist agency. Nirvik Singh, Chairman and CEO of GREY Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa, is confident and energised by the new partnership. “The most important outcome of this exciting partnership is the association with talent and expertise that will re-ignite our efforts in establishing a dynamic Nigerian presence for GREY and will also allow us to truly focus on serving international clients across the African continent”, says Singh. About Grey Grey is the advertising network of Grey Group, which is led by James R. Heekin III, Chairman and CEO. Grey Group ranks among the largest global communications companies. Its parent company is WPP (NASDAQ : WPPGY). Under the banner of “Grey Famously Effective Since 1917,” the agency serves a blue-chip roster of many of the world’s best known companies: Procter & Gamble, GlaxoSmithKline, Kellogg's, Pfizer, Canon, 3M, NFL, Boehringer Ingelheim, Marriott Hotels & Resorts, Nestlé, Papa John's and T.J. Maxx. Grey was named ADWEEK’s “Global Agency of the Year” for 2015. For more information, visit www.GREY.com . About WPP WPP is the world’s largest communications services group with billings of US$73 billion and revenues of US$19 billion. Through its operating companies, the Group provides a comprehensive range of advertising and marketing services including advertising & media investment management; data investment management; public relations & public affairs; branding & identity; healthcare communications; direct, digital, promotion & relationship marketing and specialist communications. The company employs 194,000 people (including associates and investments) in over 3,000 offices across 112 countries. WPP was named Holding Company of the Year at the 2016 Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity for the sixth year running. WPP was also named, for the fifth consecutive year, the World's Most Effective Holding Company in the 2016 Effie Effectiveness Index, which recognizes the effectiveness of marketing communications. For more information, visit www.wpp.com . About Centrespread Nigeria Established in 1982, Centrespread is one of Nigeria’s largest independent Agency groups. It services more than 30 of the world’s most respected brands including Kia, Airtel, Heinz, Samsung, MasterCard, Philips, NLPC, KFC, L’Oreal, MoneyGram, Roche, Quick Lotto, MTN (PR), FBN Insurance, Ecobank and Skye Bank. Centrespread was founded by Kola Ayanwale, a veteran adman of 35 years, fellow of the Advertising Practitioners Council of Nigeria (APCON) and former president of the Advertising Agencies Association of Nigeria (AAAN). The Centrespread Group operates from offices in Lagos and Abuja and consists of Centrespread Advertising; DKK, a full service agency offering the gamut of marketing communications; Interactive Communications, a digital media and online reputation management agency; Pure Activation, a Below-the-line agency focused on presence branding and activations; PR Redline, a Public Relations and Reputation Management agency; KontactPoint, an Out of Home channel company and Mediamore, a media specialist agency. MORE NIGERIA...  Add comment   Prev Next   Do you have an story for publication? Please email it to [email protected]  0  The characterictics of my dream sweet heart must be somebody who can stand all my troubles because i have a lot of it. I would however not be difficult for a real lady to handle. By: FRANCIS TAWIAH -->D More Quotes Submit Quotes LATEST POPULAR COMMENTS More trouble: 5 prisoners in court for beating inmate to dea Spending to survive: The story of a 12-year-old’s struggle w Nana Addo’s first 100 days marred by gross lawlessness – Par Akufo-Addo has performed poorly so far – Quarshigah Chinese galamsey case adjourned over lack of interpreter New banking regulations will promote sector – BoG assures More than 100 million people to face severe food insecurity Volta Region chief worries BECE candidates from his area wil Passenger dragged off overbooked United flight ARCHIVE GET MORE African Pentecostalism Has Given Birth To A New Breed Of Men Chinese Ambassador tried to undermine my ‘galamsey’ fight – Hackman condemns 'unthinkable' GHc 70,000 salary for COCOBOD Video: Mahama’s India gods Failed Him In 2016 Election – Pro Russian Government urged to drop ban against Jehovah's Witne Nkrumah not the founder of Ghana – Mike Oquaye Afforestation On Cocoa Farms - Ghana’s Approach To Reduce Ca Fire guts Metro Mass bus en route to Cape Coast ‘Majority Of Ministers Took Mahama To A Shrine’ MOST POPULAR Five dead in mining pit in Talensi Gonjaland Gradually Becoming A Desert! Minimize your mistakes – Prof. Martey to Nana Addo Progressive People's Party issues ultimatum to government ‘Join Fight Against Mobile Money Fraud’ Migrants From West Africa Being ‘Sold In Libyan Slave Market "Be Careful How You Handle Bawumia" PPP threatens to take Nana Addo to ICC over galamsey Out of court settlement dismissed HAVE YOUR SAY News News headlines General News Education Crime/Punishment Social Affairs Press Releases Regional News Health News Sports Sport News Premier League CAN 2013 CAN 2012 CAN 2010 CAN 2008 Worldcup 2010 Worldcup 2014 Politics Elections 2012 Elections 2008 CPP News NPP News NDC News PNC News PPP News Diaspora UK & Ireland United States Canada Germany Switzerland Netherlands Italy France Real Estate Homes For Sale Uncompleted Houses Bargain Houses Luxury Houses House For Rent Unserviced Plots Serviced Plots Entertainment News Online Radio Watch TV Photo Gallery Audio Releases Music Albums Video Clips Africa Nigeria Egypt Libya Uganda Congo Liberia Kenya Ivory Coast South Africa Opinions Columnists Featured Articles Opinions Editorial Letters Critics Commentaries Have Your Say Polls & Surveys Business Business News Real Estate Classifieds Business Directory Website Directory Book Directory LifeStyle Health Beauty/Fashion Family/Parenting Health/Fitness Home/Food Poetry Relationships Social Issues Women Issues Classifieds Announcements Business Services Jobs/Employment Computers/Software Car/Trucks Friendships/Penpals Datings/Relationship Members All Profiles Female Profiles Male Profiles Hot Or Not Home About us Contact Us Feedback Ghana Online Radio Online TV Advertise RSS Feeds Site Map Partners Links Terms of use Privacy Policy All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners. 2005-2017 © Copyright ModernGhana.com
South Africa   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa International   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   LibyaMarketing & MediaMarketing & MediaBranding All industries Marketing & Media South Africa Marketing & Media Africa International Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality Advertising Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education & Training Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media Out of Home PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV Youth Marketing All Articles Companies Events Galleries Jobs People Rate Card Submit Contact Africa All industries Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   Libya   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe International Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism All Agriculture Agri Tech Agribusiness Agro-processing Aquaculture Commercial Fishing Commodities & Fairtrade Fertilisers & GMOs Food Security Forestry Horticulture Sustainability Trends All Automotive Maintenance & Safety Manufacturing & Parts Motorcycles Motoring Reviews Motorsport Petrochemical Retail & Rental Trends All Building Architecture & Design Building Materials & Equipment Construction & Engineering Property Development Smart Buildings & Cities Sustainable Development Trends Utilities All CSI & Sustainability Circular Economy Climate Change Education & Training Environment & Natural Resources Food, Water & Energy Security Health & Welfare Inclusion & Equality Infrastructure and Technology Pollution & Waste Management Sustainability Month Trends All Education Distance Learning E-learning Higher Education Primary & Secondary Education Skills Training Trends All Energy & Mining Energy Markets & Investment Mining Nuclear Power Renewables & Energy Efficiency Science & Engineering Trends All Finance Accounting & Auditing Banking Budget Speech Education & Training Financial Services Fintech Insurance & Actuarial Markets & Investment Taxation & Regulation Trends Venture Capital All Healthcare Aesthetic Medicine Cardiology Chronic Diseases CSI Dentistry Disease Groups Ear, Nose & Throat Emergency Procedures Ethical Medicines Exercise Science Exhibitions & Events Financial Services Food Crisis Gastroenterology Generic Medicines HIV/AIDS Hospital Groups Infectious Diseases Malaria Medical Aid Medical Research Medical Technology Mental health Neurology NPO Nutrition Obstetrics & Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Paediatrics Palliative care Pharmaceutical Companies Pharmaceuticals Public Health Sports Science Surgical Equipment & Products Surgical Procedures Trends Tuberculosis Women's Health All HR Entrepreneurship HR Tools & Software Labour Law & Unions Management Skills Development & Training Talent Acquisition Trends All ICT App and website development Cloud Computing Cyber Security Data Management Hardware Internet Network Services Software Tech Startups Technology Telecommunications Trends All Legal Competition Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law Cyber Law Environmental Law Immigration & Citizenship Law Labour Law Land & Property Law Law of Succession Law Practice Legislation Media & Entertainment Law Medical Law Public Liability Tax Law Trends All Lifestyle Art Events Fashion Food & Wine Movies Music Sport Theatre Travel Trends Wellness Win All Logistics & Transport Aviation Cargo & Storage Distribution Fleet Management Public Transport Railway Shipping Supply Chain Transport Trends Warehousing All Manufacturing Industrial automation Machinery Manufacturing Trends All Marketing & Media Advertising Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media OOH PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV Youth Marketing In the news Enquire about a company press office All Property Commercial Property Industrial Property Market & Investments Property Management Rental Residential Trends All Retail Banking & Finance CGF Global Summit Cold Chain Commercial Property CRM CSI E-commerce eCommerce Awards Exhibitions & Events Fashion, Clothing & Textiles FMCG Franchising Green Sustainability Health & Safety Hospitality Import/Export In-store Media Informal Retailing Manufacturing Merchandising Packaging Refrigeration Regulatory Research Retail Marketing Retail Services Retailers Sales Security Shopfitting Supply Chain Technology Training Trends All Tourism Accommodation Air Travel Catering Food Services Hospitality Restaurant Supply Tourism Tourism & Travel Campaigns Tours Travel Trends Branding News Menu News MyBiz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People directory Companies Multimedia News My Biz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People Companies Multimedia News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Newsletter archive Most read articles Submit news My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My CV My favourites My portfolio/showcase My followers Following people Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info My press office Open a Biz Press Office Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job advert Recruitment login Submit a job Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Articles Contributors A-Z Contribute Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Company listings Associations My company Press office companies Get a company listing Video Audio Galleries Images Submit your media News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read Subscribe to industry newsletters [Bizcommunitoon] Reshuffle [Jeremy Nell] More... Top stories RIP Tony Koenderman Making digital brand communication human againLeigh Andrews SouthAfricaIn3Words: one complex country, one complex hashtagAndy Walker YouTube channels must win audiences before winning ads Failed Pepsi, Nivea ads show industry's diversity problem Today, gatekeepers make the worst brand buildersMike Jones OLC breaks barriers again with McDonald's National Breakfast Day Remote controlDonna Mathews SANDF pulls out all the stops for its 2017 appearance at the Rand Show Maxus Global's 'From Zica to Tiago' campaign wins Grand Prix at 2017 World Media Awards MamaMagic: A constant platform in the ever evolving world of parenting Multi-Media honouring Managing Director Tim Fish for 20 years Sales Summit assists to increase sales Facebook helps SMMEs to unlock potential, grow #Newsmaker: Accenture Digital's Wayne Hull on business today and tomorrowJessica Tennant Inaugural 'film craft' executive jury selected for New York Festivals Liberty Radio Award finalists selected for 'Station of the Year' PEG Armoury film supports Syria Campaign following chemical attacks Win a Jaguar Simola Hillclimb VIP package at new Tokai dealershipMore Top stories news...  Submit news BizTrends 2017 Download the complete BizTrends 2017 PDFs with over 100 trends contributors across 18 industry sectors. Download PDF | Order printed book Bizcommunity has over 400 industry contributors and we always welcome further contributions and contributors. Submit news Today, gatekeepers make the worst brand builders 10 Apr 2017 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF     By: Mike Jones One of the many benefits of working for an advertising agency is that I get to experience working with numerous and diverse businesses. During my interactions one thing is very clear - to create consistency in the mind of the consumer, one needs a single, definable brand expression. This works because in a highly fragmented world the consumer is looking for simplicity and navigable signs to know which brands to transact with and which to avoid. From a business perspective, we focus on this because it drives efficiencies and a competitive advantage. Before we became ‘digital', corporates like Procter & Gamble could muscle out smaller brands by dominating the airwaves with larger budgets that created a ‘bigger' brand feel. While this might be true, the execution of this single-minded brand expression is where we need a rethink. Redefining your own rules Disruptive businesses, like Uber and 23andMe, play by a new set of rules. They don’t see digital as a marketing channel but rather as a way of thinking in order to provide the user with a differentiated and improved experience. This makes big brand building irrelevant. Uber’s rise to success didn’t require a 360°, integrated marketing campaign. It built its brand through revolutionising and leading a disruptive, yet delightful, taxi experience by using digital as the sharp end of the stick. Disruptors have the ability to avoid cumbersome, and siloed corporate fiefdoms and build experiences on what Elon Musk refers to as “first principles” that serve customers’ needs rather than the businesses. Channel control and authenticity The ability to control a message through multiple channels when the expressions in traditional channels are controlled by the brand makes brand building simpler. In the post-digital landscape, however, channel control has been lost by the advent of chaotic channels. These chaotic channels are uncontrollable and the control has shifted to the consumer’s hand or mobile device. Reviews on retail sites or experiences posted on Facebook carry more weight due to a perceived authenticity. You just have to look at the rise of influencers, like Khuli Chana on Absolut, to see this trend play out in South African advertising: Collaborate to encourage participation In order to meet this changing landscape, brand builders have to shift from control to collaboration by relinquishing control of branded assets. For example, Nike allows you to snap a pic of your run, overlay it with branding, and then share it on any social network. Nike now has a branded user-generated piece of content that they had little control over. Another way to drive collaboration is to encourage participation. Oreo recently allowed you to customise a message on its holiday promotion pack and then send it to a friend or loved one. Focus on the brand experience Ultimately it is about being more customer-centric. Your mindset should be that the primary objective is to create a brand experience driven by the entire organisation rather than just marketing. These experiences need to create visible value. It is no longer good enough having a unique selling proposition because people can simply search on Google to find a matching and often more affordable offering. It is about creating an emotional bond by providing delightful experiences that adds real value to one’s life. Connect emotionally with your consumer To drive this emotional connection, we create value beyond the purchase of a product or service. Looking at the consumer’s needs, Nike for instance found that people didn’t need better shoes to become a better athlete. They uncovered that shoes and apparel are but a small, commoditised part of feeling like an athlete. It was more the ability to track, measure and compare your performance that allowed someone to feel like they are growing in their skill. Nike is becoming tethered to their consumers’ life by ‘gamifying’ their activity. Stefan Orlander, VP and GM of Digital Sport at Nike says, “When someone buys a Nike product, that needs to be the beginning of the relationship rather than the end.” Another example of this is Dulux. The paint brand developed the Amazing Spaces website that blends “interactive tools, video and in-person consultation to provide you with an interior design service that inspires and supports DIYers". Another way of creating an emotional connection is by providing an experience that is personalised. We all want to have a unique experience that feels like you had a hand in creating it. The Sephora app allows users to upload a pic of them, apply make-up virtually and, once happy, to purchase online. NIKEiD is another prolific example of how a business can use technology to deliver an unsurpassed ability to personalise goods. On top of the digital ecosystem Nike provides, this product control powerfully entrenches loyalty. If you are a person that feels anxious when relinquishing control, then brand building in the digital age will be a real challenge for you. Not all is lost though. Even if you have a controlling mindset, rather refocus your employees to start building brands by leading brand experiences through collaboration with your audience, rather than trying to command and control your brand building from a centralised point. Another nuance to this would be the environment you are marketing in. Let’s revisit the Uber example. Although they grew a brand using a disruptive digital experience, they have to use a more traditional approach to marketing as competitors like Taxify and Lyft start to add to the noise of brands the consumer had to navigate through. Therefore, a hybrid of control and collaboration might be needed to future-proof your brand and business. Don’t give in to the experience killers, and strive to foster collaboration with your market while delivering more visible value to create a powerful, long-lasting emotional connection. ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Follow Connect (Mike Jones knows me) Colleague Weve done business together Weve worked together Met in person Interacted with online Classmate Friend Family Follow only Create new group Mike Jones' articles About Mike JonesIt all started for Mike at a little agency called MorrisJones&Co. This is where he cut his first teeth, often alone in the strategy department working on clients like Famous Brands, Discovery and Foodcorp. He soon learnt that ideas must be channel-agnostic and when coupled with a real human insight, make for the most powerful work. Testament to this philosophy was winning a Bronze Apex Award for Debonairs Social Media. Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Read more: Mike Jones, NATIVE VML Related Does leadership matter in nation brand building? By Manusha Pillai Facebook helps SMMEs to unlock potential, grow Maxus Global's 'From Zica to Tiago' campaign wins Grand Prix at 2017 World Media Awards SouthAfricaIn3Words: one complex country, one complex hashtag By Andy Walker News Show more Subscribe Receive free email newsletter Make us your homepage Add us to your favorites RSS feed Get biz on your phone Follow us Invite Tell a friend about us News Articles News by industry Company news Cartoons Events In briefs Galleries Newsletter archive Ornico ad showcase Reviews Trends Community Companies Contributors Portfolio showcases Forums Jobs Jokes Noticeboards People Polls Social media Submit News Company Job ad Op-ed contribution Portfolio showcase New business New appointment Event listing Gallery Noticeboard MyBiz Account Home My company listing My job ads My newsfeed MyBiz CV MyBiz Favourites MyBiz Profile Subscribe to news My newsletters Customise newsletters Advertise Product overview Website Newsletters Press offices Recruitment Special products Download ratecard Contact us Bizcommunity About us Contact us Send us news Our Biz Press Office Follow us Feedback Join us ADSL & Web hosting proudly provided by Afrihost. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2017. Bizcommunity.com, its sponsors, contributors and advertisers disclaim all liability for any loss, damage, injury or expense that might arise from the use of, or reliance upon, the services contained herein. Privacy policy, Terms of Use, PAIA.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Market Impressed by Nifty’s 1-year returns? Next 50 stocks outperformance will surprise you more Impressed by Nifty’s 1-year returns? Next 50 stocks outperformance will surprise you more Nifty Next 50, the index of the 50 stocks ranked immediately after those in the Nifty 50 index in terms of liquidity and market capitalisation, has vastly outperformed the benchmark indices over the last one year. By: Abhijeet Singh | Updated: April 10, 2017 1:56 PM Nifty Next 50 has soared over 36% in the last 12 months, compared with the benchmark Nifty 50’s 22% and BSE Sensex’s 20.34%. Nifty Next 50, the index of the 50 stocks ranked immediately after those in the Nifty 50 index in terms of liquidity and market capitalisation, has vastly outperformed the benchmark indices over the last one year. Nifty Next 50 has soared over 36% in the last 12 months, compared with the benchmark Nifty 50’s 22% and BSE Sensex’s 20.34% returns in the same period. Earlier last week, Nifty Next 50 made a new all-time high of 25,740.75 points, rising 7,048.4 points from 18,656.35 points a year ago. Earlier last week, Nifty Next 50 made a new all-time high of 25,740.75 points, rising 7,048.4 points from 18,656.35 points a year ago. Indian stocks, including those comprising the Nifty Next 50, have been on a sustained rally since late December-January, backed by global and domestic factors. Earlier last month, the results of elections in five states gave a major boost to the Indian stock markets, with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led BJP within the key state of Uttar Pradesh by a landslide. Outperforming the rally in the benchmark indices, the stocks comprising Nifty 50 have recently hit their one-year highs, with a few of those making their all-time highs. Earlier last week, 8 stocks in the index made their new all-time highs, namely ; JSW steel Ltd (Rs 207); Cadila Healthcare Ltd (Rs 466.85); Bajaj Finance Ltd (Rs 1,224); Havells India Ltd (Rs 478.5) and Titan Company Ltd (Rs 495.55); NHPC recently soared to its seven-year high of Rs 33.1; REC Ltd. and Power Finance Corp Ltd making 32-month highs of Rs 186.9; Rs 156.7 respectively; Motherson Sumi Systems Ltd, which made a fresh year high of Rs 385; two major Navratna companies BHEL and SAIL, which also touched their year highs of Rs 180.8 and Rs 68.6 respectively. You may watch: A few other stocks have also fared well today are ABB India Ltd touching a 22-month high of Rs 1,459 surging 5.73% from its previous close, Bajaj Finserv (Rs 4,324); LIC Housing Finance (Rs 633.55), Cummins India Ltd (Rs 987.8) made their yearly-high. Other stocks that have shone in the last two trading weeks include Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Ltd Rs 7635.7; Vedanta Ltd, which touched its 31-month high of Rs 278.1. On the other hand, one of the India’s top state-run bank PNB has surged 87% to Rs 151.25 from its last year value of Rs 80.9. The Nifty Next 50 Index represents about 12% of the free float market capitalization of the stocks listed on NSE as on March 31, 2016. The total traded value for the last six months March 2016 of all index constituents is approximately 13% of the traded value of all stocks on NSE. The index has a mix of sectors include Consumer Goods, Financial Services, Metals, Pharma Industrial Manufacturing, Energy, Automobile, Fertilisers & Pesticides, Services, Cement & Cement Products, Chemicals, Telecom, IT and Construction. No Comments. Trending Now Proud moment: After losing 80% vision, Prachi Sukhwani cracks CAT, set to join IIM-Ahmedabad! Now, Narendra Modi Government to decide on how much you eat on your plate MCD elections 2017: Not just 'aam aadmi', AAP now eyes votes of the wealthy too Mars has metal in its atmosphere, reveals NASA probe Indian Express Digital launches Lifealth.com, the one-stop wellness portal Parking woes in Noida: High Court summons Authority CEO Indian tourists spent nearly $ 12 billion in US in 2015 Supreme Court to hear plea seeking to stop providing government accommodation to former UP CMs WATCH When Narendra Modi got upset at a cutting Prabhu Chawla question US seeks help on Syria but leaves key questions unresolved Donald Trump administration open to more strikes on Syria Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News लोकसभा में बोले राजनाथ सिंह- कुलभूषण जाधव के पास है भारत का वैध वीजा, कैसे हो सकता है जासूस अगर पाकिस्‍तानी आतंकियों ने फिर से किया 26/11 जैसा हमला तो भारत को रोकना मुश्किल होगा: रिपोर्ट 2017 के पुलित्जर पुरस्कारों की घोषणा, न्यूयॉर्क टाइम्स को सर्वाधिक तीन पुरस्कार, देखें पूरी लिस्ट Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
TheBostonPilot.com Contact us Advertise Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Submission News Widget Home e-Editions News Local Nation World Obituaries Appointments Movie Reviews Book Reviews Current Edition Archives Echoes Opinion Multimedia Photo Galleries Videos from The Pilot All Videos Help Wanted Events Boston Archdiocese Local News Boston Catholic Directory Boston Parish Finder Pilot Bulletins Pilot Printing Disciples in Mission Home » World »  Papal almoner opens laundry service for the poor Papal almoner opens laundry service for the poor On: 4/10/2017,  By Junno Arocho Esteves , In: World Six brand new washers and dryers donated by Whirlpool are featured at the Pope Francis Laundry facility in Rome, a new laundromat opened April 10 by the Papal Almoner's Office for the city's homeless. (CNS photo/courtesy of the Papal Almoner's Office) Help us expand our reach! Please share this article Submit a Letter to the Editor VATICAN CITY (CNS) -- The office charged with coordinating Pope Francis' acts of charity announced the opening of a laundromat for the poor and homeless of Rome. The "Lavanderia di Papa Francesco" ("Pope Francis Laundry") is a free service "offered to the poorest people, particularly the homeless, who will be able to wash, dry and iron their clothes and blankets," the Papal Almoner's Office announced April 10. The laundry service, the office said, was inspired by the pope's call for "concrete signs of mercy" during the Year of Mercy in 2016. "Here, then, is a concrete sign desired by the Papal Almoner's Office: a place and service to give a concrete form of charity and mercy to restore dignity to so many people who are our brothers and sisters," the office said. The laundromat is located in a building already housing services run by the Rome-based Community of Sant'Egidio, which will also maintain the facility and add other essential services for the city's poor, including showers, a barbershop and a medical clinic. Archbishop Konrad Krajewski, the papal almoner, said that six brand new washers and dryers were donated by the Whirlpool Corporation while Procter & Gamble will provide a free supply of laundry detergent and fabric softener for the new facility. - - - Follow Arocho on Twitter: @arochoju. Advertisement Printer ready version Help us expand our reach! Please share this article Submit a Letter to the Editor Comment Comments Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Newsletter from Cardinal Sean & The Pilot Sign Up Now Get the Catholic Perspective in your inbox Now is the time to help! Please consider a donation of $20, $50, or any amount you can afford, to help us meet our expenses. DONATE Thank you! Recent Articles View all recent articles Trending now Love Jesus in all who suffer, pope says on Palm Sunday Bishops back bill to let agencies opt out of adoption for same-sex couples Dominic Margaglione: Deep down, we know Father Thomas Ryan, CSP: The goal of Easter: To bring us to newness of life Michael Pakaluk: Sacramental confession as a glance at the bronze serpent Jaymie Stuart Wolfe: If the phone rings... Popular Stories Egypt's attacks won't stop pope's visit for peace, says Vatican official Papal almoner opens laundry service for the poor Bishops back bill to let agencies opt out of adoption for same-sex couples Pope: Scientists must defend creation from distorted use of biotech Roman Missal calls Easter Vigil 'mother of all vigils' for a reason Spiritual practices key to keeping family strong, Indian cardinal says Popular Opinion Dominic Margaglione: Deep down, we know Father Thomas Ryan, CSP: The goal of Easter: To bring us to newness of life Michael Pakaluk: Sacramental confession as a glance at the bronze serpent Jaymie Stuart Wolfe: If the phone rings... Father Robert Barron: Ridley Scott and Missing the Point of the Book of Exodus Carolyn Woo: Who put Christ on the cross? Latest Videos Vatican on trip to Egypt: "The pope's schedule remains unchanged" VEGLIA GMG ENG Panama youth receive WYD Cross: "We never thought we would host WYD" Pope responds to Palm Sunday terror attacks How Do You Respond to Jesus? | Homily: Father Eric Cadin CatholicTV Mass: 4/10/17 | Monday of Holy Week Recent Book Review Read more book reviews The day in photos Monday, April 10, 2017 Special Edition: Open House 2016 Latest from CatholicTV Watch more videos from CatholicTV Tweets by @TheBostonPilot 66 Brooks Drive Braintree, MA 02184-3839 Tel: 617-779-3780 Contact us: News Desk: 617-779-3782 Advertising: 617-779-3788 Subscriptions: 617-779-3760 Business Office: 617-779-3789 Communicate with us: Advertise Subscribe Customer service Calendar Submission Copyright © 2006-2015, Pilot Media Group All rights reserved Back to top
News Opinions Campaigns Collections Rankings Advertising Agencies Media Agencies Digital Agencies Direct Agencies Media Companies Events Agency of the Year Awards Media + Marketing Summit Australian Magazine Awards Awards Agency of the Year Awards Australian Magazine Awards Advertising Hall of Fame Jobs Facebook profits at people's expense: Four Corners tackles Facebook’s power By Pippa Chambers | 10 April 2017 Comment  ABC's Four Corners tackles Facebook's power Facebook’s power is growing, but at what cost to us? That was the question posed during Monday night’s Four Corners program on the ABC. The ‘Cracking the Code’ episode explored many topics relating to adland, looking at the world of Facebook and how data is being mined to drive huge success for the social media giant. For many in this industry it covered familiar themes, but for the public it made for confronting viewing. From an ex-Facebook journalist to PwC’s executive director and media analyst Megan Brownlow, topics included ad serving, targeting, the impact of pixels and more. It looked at how Facebook has the ability to track browsing history, even when you're not logged on and even if you aren’t a member of the social network at all. It also hit off the rise of fake news following the demise of Facebook’s ‘human’ checkers. An Australian former hacker and leading internet security blogger also discussed how the ads served could end up being so personalised it could create major problems. An example was used of a young teen’s parents discovering he is gay though spotting certain ads he is targeted with, to a boyfriend having his birthday present from his partner revealed through online advertising - ahead of him actually receiving it. From the way it gathers people’s time and turns that time into money, “cleverly figuring out how to wrap itself around our lives”, to how difficult it is to opt out of Facebook's reach, Four Corners’ reporter Peter Greste showed why “your private life is making them billions”. Plenty of people also took to Twitter to share their views on the program: Me after watching that ep of #4corners #ujelp17 pic.twitter.com/87XRhvhizn— Brin Duggan (@BrinDuggan) April 10, 2017 That was brilliant @4corners! Please do another ep on digital privacy. #4Corners #ABC #Facebook— Suzan Delibasic (@suzandelibasic) April 10, 2017 Facebook made US$10b profit last year from us and our information. Are we ok with that? Cracking the Code #4corners pic.twitter.com/PThX3GIAom— Sally Neighbour (@neighbour_s) April 9, 2017 Y'all know how I feel about Facebook. I've never hidden my feelings about that parasitic substitute for the open social sphere. #4corners— Mark Pesce (@mpesce) April 10, 2017 If you ever want to mount a protest against #fb just organise a big bunch of people to change addresses, age, marital status etc #4corners— Richard Tuffin (@RichardTuffin) April 10, 2017 @PeterGreste This docu is alarming. Lately I've spoken about something & then an ad for that appears on my FB? Wonder if the app can hear me 🤔 #4corners— Kat Orchard (@KatOrchard) April 10, 2017 https://twitter.com/RachaelHasIdeas/status/851394989485510656 Check out the episode below and share your views in our comments section: In February Facebook, which is without an MD, agreed to have its metrics externally audited. The move followed pressure from Procter & Gamble CMO Marc Pritchard, who called for all publishers the company works with - Facebook included – to comply with MRC-accredited third-party verification this year. Facebook also recently extended its third party verification. Have something to say on this? Share your views in the comments section below. Or if you have a news story or tip-off, drop us a line at adnews@yaffa.com.au Sign up to the AdNews newsletter, like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter for breaking stories and campaigns throughout the day. Need a job? Visit adnewsjobs.com.au. Read more about these related brands, agencies and people Australian Broadcasting Corporation Facebook Related Stories Facebook updates features to offer advertisers better transparency Facebook to marketers: We don’t want your money if it doesn’t drive ROI Facebook to integrate Atlas cross-platform measurement tools into business manager Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus AdNews Newsletter AdNews Magazine Subscribe Editor's Picks ME banks on humorous content series with Domain AdNews Podcast: WPP AUNZ's Rose Herceg, Simon Collins and Mark McCraith Mark Ritson's Digital Inferno: The Nine Circles of Marketing Hell Finance Assistant - Millmaine | The salary is negotiable commensurate with experience. Media Director: Great role in Melbourne - Adstaff Advertising Recruitment | $80 - $100K neg dep on experience Art Director: Melbourne - Adstaff Advertising Recruitment | $100K Group Account Director: Melbourne - Adstaff Advertising Recruitment | $neg on experience NETWORK JOB OPPORTUNITIES- MEDIA SALES EXECUTIVE SYDNEY - The Seven Network | TBA All Jobs AdNews Social Twitter Facebook Google+ Latest Comments About AdNews Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Site Map Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Yaffa Media Web Advertising Specs Mobile Site Daemon
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market: Increased Sales Opportunities Expected as Dermatologists Venture into Cosmeceuticals Manufacturing The report analyzes the current and future prospects of the physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market across the globe for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. The research is a combination of primary and secondary research. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts, with information collected from telephonic interviews and interactions via e-mails. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, stock analysis presentations, and various international and national databases. The report provides market size in terms of US$ Mn and compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) for each product segment during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2014 and 2015 as base years. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/physician-dispensed-co… The report also includes market size in terms of US$ Mn for the geography segment considering the macro and micro environmental factors. Growth rates for each segment within the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, consumer preferences, and regulatory requirements. The market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, providing market snapshot for various segments and sub-segments of the market. It also provides information and data analysis of the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market with respect to market dynamics, price trend analysis, value chain analysis, and competitive landscape in terms of key market players. Based on product type, the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market has been segmented into skincare (anti-aging products, acne treatment, skin whitening and hyperpigmentation, and dermal fillers), hair care (hair repair, anti-dandruff, anti-hair fall, and scalp repair), eye care (prescription drops, artificial tears, and other eye care products), injectable Botox, and other products (stretch marks, burns, scars or marks, etc.). Market size estimations involved in-depth study of product features of different types of cosmeceuticals prescribed by cosmetologists, trichologists, ophthalmologists, dermatologists, or any other skin or hair specialists engaged in medical practice. Additionally, increasing preference for cosmeceuticals to retain beauty and youth, eliminate aging signs, and demand for organic and innovative cosmeceuticals are considered key drivers in the physician dispensed cosmeceuticals industry analysis. Moreover, availability, access, and number of physicians engaged in skin and hair care research clinics and treatment centers have been taken into consideration while estimating the market. In addition, brand value of leading and innovative products entering the market and overall market dynamics of the industry were considered for product segment and sub-segment market trends in various geographies. Geographically, the market has been segmented into five major regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The market size and forecast for each of these regions has been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2014 and 2015 as base years. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The report also provides with market size and forecast for select countries in the respective regions such as the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Germany, Japan, China, Brazil, and Saudi Arabia. A detailed qualitative analysis of factors responsible for driving and restraining the market growth and future opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. This section of the report also provides value chain analysis and price trend analysis. The report also includes market strategies adopted by leading players, providing a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market. A list of strategic recommendations has been provided for new entrants as well as existing market players. These recommendations would assist them in channelizing their business goals and resources to establish a strong presence in the market. The report also profiles major players in the market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. The global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market is highly fragmented, marked by the presence of several global companies as well as local manufacturers. Key players in the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market include Allergan plc, Jan Marini Skin Research, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, L’Oreal S.A., Procter & Gamble Co., Valeant Pharmaceuticals Inc., Unilever plc, and ZO Skin Health Inc. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global PACS and RIS Market to be Driven by Rise in the Number of Advanced Medical Imaging Modalities Next PostNext Postmenopausal Vaginal Atrophy PVA Drugs Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast- 2023 Search Recent Posts Expert: Conservatives Win Big with Gorsuch’s Addition to Supreme Court Dr. Beat Steiner Honored with Schweitzer Leadership Award from North Carolina Program Did you catch that? Robots speed of light communication could protect you from danger National Road Carriers plugs members’ income insurance gap Enzyme Inhibitor Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Comcast Said to Plan Online Rival to Netflix Using Hit NBC Shows 24 minutes ago Array 0 United Airlines' Passenger Ejection May Cause Permanent Brand Damage, Experts Say By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 Kohl's Names First CMO Since 2012 By Megan Graham - 1 hour ago Array 0 Heineken USA Picks Mexican Agency to Lead Tecate in U.S. By E.J. Schultz - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Taco Bell, Samsung, Dodge and More 2 hours ago Array 0 Heineken Picks Mexican Agency to Lead Tecate in U.S. By E.J. Schultz - 1 hour ago 0 The News Literacy Project, JWT Team Up to Combat Fake News By Lindsay Stein - 5 hours ago 0 Chipotle Seeks Distance From Food Safety Concerns in Biggest Campaign Yet By Jessica Wohl - 8 hours ago 0 Fair or Not, In-House Agencies Take Heat for Pepsi Gaffe By E.J. Schultz and Megan Graham - 2 days ago 0 Creativity Top 5: The Best Brand Ideas of the Past Week By Ann-Christine Diaz - 10 hours ago 0 Watch 'SNL' Take on Pepsi's Kendall Jenner Protest Ad - Yesterday 0 Chobani CMO: Earned Media Is as Important as TV or Events By Jessica Wohl - 10 hours ago 0 Chipotle Seeks Laughs (and Distance From Food Safety Concerns) in Biggest Campaign Yet By Jessica Wohl - 7 hours ago 0 Creativity Top 5: The Best Brand Ideas of the Past Week By Ann-Christine Diaz - 10 hours ago 0 After Surging Past Ford, Tesla Just Overtook GM to Become the Top U.S. Carmaker - 5 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Sans CMO, Build-A-Bear Tries TV By Adrianne Pasquarelli. Published on April 10, 2017. Most Popular George, that curious little monkey, is getting a new playmate: a bear he could stuff himself. Beginning today, toy brand Build-A-Bear Workshop is investing its marketing dollars in two PBS Kids programs, "Curious George" and "Wild Kratts." It's a first-time national PBS sponsorship for Build-A-Bear, but comes during a tough period for the 20-year-old retailer. The company recently parted ways with its chief marketing officer after a disastrous holiday sales season. Now, it's planning a return to traditional media like TV in order to reach more moms. On a recent conference call, President-CEO Sharon Price John lamented that the brand had moved away from "historically effective traditional TV." "TV advertising to both moms and kids continues to provide consistent performance for Build-A-Bear," she said in an interview, adding that it helps generate awareness for consumers of both stores and the brand's website. "Reminding viewers about our commitment to creativity and imagination over the past almost 20 years is important to us," she said. The company declined to provide specifics on its new TV spending. Related Stories How Build-A-Bear Builds Buzz Beyond Bears PBS Lets You Make Your Own Campaign Ad Build-a-Bear Workshop Links Tech and Marketing to Build a Better Brand But St. Louis, Mo.-based Build-A-Bear is beginning the new strategy with its top marketing post remains vacant. Gina Collins, who joined as chief marketing officer in 2014 and helped shepherd it through a brand refresh and store redesign, left in January. A former Coca-Cola marketer, Ms. Collins pushed Build-A-Bear into new markets, like cruise ships and movie theaters, as a way to diversify its product mix and maximize the brand's potential as an experience-based retailer. She also helped spearhead digital initiatives like a YouTube series. A company statement said Build-A-Bear chose to restructure its marketing department to improve the brand's ability to optimize the customer's experience online and in-store. "However, because it significantly reduced the current responsibilities of the chief marketing officer role, Gina Collins left the company to pursue other opportunities," it said in the statement. "Gina provided Build-A-Bear with valuable contributions throughout her tenure." Build-a-Bear has no plans to fill the CMO role. The drastic restructuring is the result of a terrible fourth quarter, in which same-store sales fell 8.3%. Revenue for the quarter was $110.3 million, a 6% drop from the year-earlier period. The 400-unit chain called out missed ecommerce opportunities in December because of an inability of company systems to handle increased website traffic. On an annual basis, Build-A-Bear saw its first same-store sales decline in four years. The company spent $6.5 million on measured media in the U.S. last year, according to Kantar Media, which is basically flat with 2015. The new sponsorship, which will last through the PBS shows' 13-week seasons, includes 15-second spots preceding both series. In one video, which was created with J. Walter Thompson Worldwide in Atlanta as well as the creative services team at Sponsorship for Public Television, a girl uses tools and her own designs to build a giant heart. On a recent conference call, Ms. John lamented the brand's move away from "historically effective traditional TV," and said that the change would be corrected in time for the Easter selling season. Digital media has been taking a battering lately as ads have shown up on inappropriate video on YouTube, JPMorgan Chase has vastly culled the number of sites where it advertises and Procter & Gamble has attacked the entire ecosystem for not making faster progress on issues such as ad fraud and viewability. Even before all that, media buying firm Carat found that TV ad spend increased 3% for the year ended September. It expects another 2.3% bump for the year ending this September. Suzanne Zellner, VP-sponsorship group for public television at SGPTV, which handles buying for PBS programming, noted that research shows that parents have a positive view of PBS as an educational media brand, a view that transfers over to PBS Kids sponsors. "We call this the PBS halo effect," she said. Other sponsors in the space include Gymboree and Stride Rite. In this article: CMO Strategy Digital Media Retail Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Shavers Market Will Rise at 7.9% CAGR by 2020 The global shavers market is anticipated to expand at a CAGR of 7.9% during the period 2015-2020 and reach a valuation of US$ 30 Bn by 2020, according to a new research titled, “Global Market Study on Shavers: Latin America to Witness Highest Growth by 2020” by Persistence Market Research (PMR). Focus on personal grooming is one of the key drivers for the global shavers market. Emphasis on clean-shaven look among men in urban areas is creating demand for shaving products.The global shavers market is also fuelled by the increasing trend of body hair removal among women. Shaving is an economical method of removing body hair as compared to waxing. PMR estimates this trend to fuel the shavers market during the forecast period. One of the key restraints for the shavers market is the recent trend of sporting facial hair. Whether it is a moustache, stubble or full-grown beard, men are expressing themselves through their facial hair. PMR opines that this trend can adversely impact the prospects of the shavers market during the forecast period. Low adoption of shavers by women in developing countries can also pose challenges for the global shavers market. On the basis of product type, the global shavers market is broadly segmented into electric and non-electric. Non-electric shavers account for the bulk of the demand for shavers globally. The non-electric shaver segment had a share of 73.6% in 2014, which is anticipated to increase to 79.9% by 2020. The non-electric shaver is further sub segmented into blades & accessories, safety razors, and cartridge razors. Blades & accessories dominated the non-electric shaver segment in 2014, and it is anticipated to remain the most dominant segment through 2020 as well. PMR estimates blades and accessories sub-segment to be worth US$ 10.8 Bn by 2020. Electric shavers accounted for a market share of 26.4% in 2014, however, due to the high cost of electric shavers, it is anticipated that this segment will lose some of its market share to non-electric segment. On the basis of end-users, the global shavers market is broadly segmented into male and female. Shaving products are predominantly used by males, and this segment was worth US$ 16.1 Bn in 2014. PMR estimates this segment to expand at a CAGR of 7.5% through 2020 and reach a valuation of US$ 24.6 Bn. The female segment, on the other hand, is projected to expand at a CAGR of 9.8%. This is due to the growing inclination among females towards shaving various body parts, such as legs and armpits. Latin America is anticipated to be the most lucrative region for the global shavers market in terms of compound annual growth rate. The shavers market in Latin America is anticipated to expand at a CAGR of 17% through 2020 and reach a valuation of US$ 10.8 Bn. Latin America’s market share, which was around 22% in 2014, is anticipated to increase to 36.2% by 2020. Robust demand for shaving products from Brazil is driving the shavers market in Latin America. Europe is the most lucrative market for the global shavers market in terms of market value. The shavers market in Europe is anticipated to be worth US$ 8.1 Bn by 2020. Other key regions include North America and Asia Pacific. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/4922 On the basis of distribution channel, the shavers market is segmented into supermarkets and hypermarkets, online retail, and others (drugstores, beauty specialists, and department stores). The ‘others’ segment is the dominant distribution channel for shavers market and it accounted for 68.7% market share in 2014. Owing to the proliferation of smartphones and attractive offers, the online retail segment is anticipated to witness the fastest CAGR of 12.5%. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/shavers… The key players in the global shavers market include Panasonic Corporation, Conair Corporation, Koninklijke Philips N.V., The Procter & Gamble Company, Energizer Holdings, Inc., Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc., Wahl Clipper Corporation, Super-Max Group, and SOCIÉTÉ BIC. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Men’s Underwear Market Will Rise at 5.8% CAGR by 2020 Next PostNext Corrugated Packaging Market to Rise at 4% CAGR by 2020 Search Recent Posts Global Analysis of Fly Ash Cement Report on Global and Kged States Market Outlook, 2017 – 2022 USGS, partners launch a unified, West Coast-wide earthquake early warning system Global Hotel Furniture Industry Market Outlook, 2017 – 2022 School of Journalism lecturer on team awarded Pulitzer for Ghost Ship fire coverage Supplements and Nutrition Packaging Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast Analysis For 2017 – 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Madison Avenue Takes a Darker Turn By Leila Abboud Andrea Felsted SSPL/Getty Images Media Leila Abboud Leila Abboud is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering technology. She previously worked for Reuters and the Wall Street Journal. Follow @labboudles Andrea Felsted Andrea Felsted is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering the consumer and retail industries. She previously worked at the Financial Times. Follow @AndreaFelsted Facebook Twitter Email Print Share April 10, 2017 5:00 AM EDT Ads for consumer goods are often populated by happy-looking people blessed with blue skies and permanent sunshine. For the folk on Madison Avenue, they've started to take a darker turn. The world's second-biggest advertiser, Unilever Plc, is on a push to improve profitability to placate shareholders after it rebuffed a takeover by Kraft Heinz Foods Co. It wants to cut the 7.7 billion euros ($8.2 billion) it spent last year to promote its brands, including Lipton, Knorr, and Dove, and halve the number of agencies it uses for creative work. That's obviously going to hurt Unilever's ad land suppliers, chief among them WPP Plc. Martin Sorrell's company got about 3 percent of its revenue last year doing creative work for the Anglo-Dutch consumer giant, as well as placing its ads across TV, radio and online. Plus there's a strong chance that the contagion will spread to other packaged foods and consumer goods makers. They're all struggling with weak growth, and are having to compensate by slashing costs to fatten margins.  Anemic Growth The big consumer goods companies are struggling with slow sales expansion Source: Euromonitor International "Unilever has dropped a big stone into the water," says Deborah Aitken of Bloomberg Intelligence. It generated 57 percent of its sales from emerging markets in 2016, and is a major competitor in food, home products and personal care, so the ripples will spread far and wide. Big spenders Here are the biggest advertisers in the world as of 2015 Source: Advertising Age Datacenter Data is for 2015 Unilever wants to cut brand and marketing and overhead expenses by 2 billion euros in a two-year, 6 billion euro cost-cutting program. Creative will bear the brunt. All those jingles, taglines, and online video ads are more expensive to produce than the old 30-second TV spots of decades past. Thankfully for Sorrell, Unilever renewed its media-buying contract -- higher-margin work than creative -- in late 2015. WPP kept the business. That said, Unilever will demand more from its agencies both on price and quality of the creative work this time. It wants 30 percent fewer ads and for campaigns to run longer. The pressure is on WPP's Ogilvy and JWT units to keep their roles as Unilever’s lead creative agency, while Interpublic's McCann Lowe, Omnicom Group Inc.'s DDB and Publicis Groupe SA's Bartle Bogle Hegarty will try to muscle in. With both WPP and Unilever promising fatter margins this year, something has to give. The chill in consumer goods comes as Madison Avenue is in somewhat of a funk. Global ad sales will grow at just 3.6 percent this year, down from 4 percent in 2016, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. The demands from clients to do more with less date back to the 2008 financial crisis. But Unilever is taking things to a new level. Add on the rise of online giants Google and Facebook Inc. and the pressure on veteran ad men like Sorrell and Publicis's Maurice Levy has never been greater. Shares in those firms have fallen this year by 4.5 percent and 1.6 percent respectively, worse than the U.S. And U.K. indices. Importantly, the honeymoon period of big brands loving all things digital is over. They want proof that all the dollars they've shifted from old media to the web are actually working. Procter & Gamble Co., the only company to spend more than Unilever on advertising, is on a crusade against "crappy ads" and has the agencies and web companies in its sights.  There's one shred of comfort in ad land. The Unilevers and P&Gs of the world can't risk brand damage by scrimping too much on campaigns. Margins are important but sales are too. If the agencies can see this as a moment to genuinely lift their game -- especially online -- they might restore some of that old sparkle. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the authors of this story: Leila Abboud in Paris at labboud@bloomberg.net Andrea Felsted in London at afelsted@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: James Boxell at jboxell@bloomberg.net Australian Rules Australian Rules BHP Billiton's Australian shares tend to trade at a premium of $2 or more to the U.K. stock Source: Bloomberg, Gadfly calculations tax discredit Gold, Franking Nonsense and Err Commodities David Fickling Brown Out Brown Out Massive losses in the nuclear power business, and the bankruptcy of that unit, pummeled Toshiba's stock Source: Bloomberg Giant check Money Talks in Toshiba Chip Fight Tech Tim Culpan Out of Reach Out of Reach Real estate prices in Hong Kong have kept surging even as the economy's growth has been stagnant Source: Bloomberg Normalized as of 1/4/2009. Break it Down Hong Kong Developers Dance to Their Own Tune Real Estate Nisha Gopalan All Together Now All Together Now Both Swift and Knight jumped on news of their merger. It's rare that you see an acquirer's stock jump so significantly. Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Long Haul Happy Trucker, Happy Merger Deals Brooke Sutherland Powder Play Powder Play Intrawest's sale comes after an above-average season of snowfall across its portfolio of resorts Source: Macquarie Research, OnTheSnow.com Snow Job Buyout Shows Why Investors Shouldn't Get Over Their Skis Deals Gillian Tan Tenured Tenured The average Wells Fargo director has served for a little less than eight years Source: ISS Voting Record The Wells Fargo Clean Sweep Finance Gillian Tan Staley's pay £4.2 million Mole Hunting Barclays Blows the Whistle. On Its Own CEO Finance Lionel Laurent Tougher in Taipei Tougher in Taipei Taiwan's dollar strengthened against the U.S. currency during the first quarter Source: Bloomberg Note: A declining figure indicates a stronger local currency. Spitting Chips Blame the Strong Dollar. No, Not That One Tech Tim Culpan Policy Plus Policy Plus Anbang Life, a big seller of universal life products, has seen its premiums soar Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Unfettered China Insurance Probe Won't Halt Firms' Overseas Urge Deals Nisha Gopalan Disconnect Disconnect Unicom's Hong Kong-listed stock has outperformed the Shanghai shares this year. Source: Bloomberg INTELLIGENT INVESTORS Unicom Can Win by Playing Smart Tech Tim Culpan More Than Enough More Than Enough Australia is not facing a shortage of electricity generation capacity Source: Australian Energy Market Operator, Snowy Hydro, Gadfly calculations Note: "Future" based on announced withdrawals of generation plus committed and proposed projects. Rooftop solar capacity and installations based on 2015 National Electricity Forecasting Report. power crazies Australia's Energy Luck Runs Out Energy David Fickling Number of Workers on U.S. Oil Industry Payrolls About 381,000 Hire and Hire Nonplussed by Payrolls? Try the Oil Business Energy Liam Denning Okta's IPO multiple to 12-month trailing revenue 13.6x  Public Handoff IPO Market Takes Baton of Tech Insanity Tech Shira Ovide Darwinism Darwinism GE has undergone a massive transformation over the past few years Source: Bloomberg Spare Parts GE Light Bulbs and the Industrial Misfits Industrials Brooke Sutherland Cheap Winnings Cheap Winnings While ETF assets have surged in the past five years, revenues have lagged behind Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Missing the Point Who Wants an Opaque ETF? Markets Lisa Abramowicz War Gaming Syria Matters for Oil Tomorrow, Not Today Energy Liam Denning Class Bully Mighty Amazon Finds It Hard to Make Friends Tech Shira Ovide No Satisfaction No Satisfaction A majority of Americans are unsatisfied with the way things are going in the U.S. Source: Gallup Tranquility Base Stocks Keep Calm Amid Carrying On Markets Nir Kaissar Stock buyback $5.3 billion Awkward Precedent Unilever's Debt Temptation Data Chris Bryant Tesco's share of U.K. grocery market 28% Nasties and Symbols The Mighty Tesco and The Regulator's Thumb Consumer Andrea Felsted Size of the sovereign wealth fund $873 billion Norway's Billions Norway Misses a (Green) Trick Finance Mark Gilbert Escalation Escalation Euronet's latest proposal is 27 percent higher than the figure the company walked away from in December Source: MoneyGram SEC filing dated April 5, 2017; company statements Ant vs Euronet The Patriot Act Tech Tim Culpan Speed Bump Speed Bump Car sales in Europe are rising but not as fast as before On Your Bike China Has Smarter Places to Park Money Deals Nisha Gopalan Reliability Factor Reliability Factor Without credit for the Mobileye sale to Intel, Goldman Sachs wouldn't have claimed the top spot in global technology M&A advisory during the first quarter of 2017 Source: Bloomberg Who's No. 1? League Table Credit Isn't Always Creditworthy Deals Gillian Tan
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Air Freshener Market To Increase at Steady Growth Rate Air fresheners are products used to release fragrances in order to eliminate foul smell or odour from the environment. These products are only applicable for use in indoor environments such as homes, offices, hotel rooms, cars and others. In recent years, this functional commodity has evolved to be used as a decorative product. Air fresheners comprise chemical agents such as artificial or original essence, aerosol propellants, solvents such as mineral oil, 2-butoxyethanol and other glycol ethers, which help in neutralizing odours and freshens the air. On the basis of types, these products can be broadly segmented into room sprays and diffusers. Room sprays fall under the category of aerosol sprays, which are mostly available in cans or glass bottles with attached spray nozzles. Room sprays are highly functional and instead of simply masking foul odours, they release a pleasant fragrance. On the other hand, diffusers disperse fragrance into the air. Furthermore, these are widely classified into active and passive diffusers. Active diffusers require an external energy source of energy to release fragrance. These products are designed to function on a plugged power source or with batteries. Passive diffusers do not require any external energy source and diffuse fragrance from various forms of underlying substances or layers. The various types of passive diffusers include adjustable solids, reed diffusers and gel products. Request Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-42 Besides room sprays and diffusers, the air freshener market is further segmented into specialty products. These types of air fresheners comprise a variety of products designed to add fragrance to a room or space, and are available in various forms such as potpourri. This type of air freshener comprises forms of dried botanical and other natural ingredient such as flowers, fruits, wood chips and spices that may have fragrance oils added to them. Another is sachets, small pouches or bags filled with scented powder. Another type is incense, which is produced from a mixture of fragrant gums, resins, woods and spices and is available in varied forms such as sticks, cones, rods, coils, small blocks, wands and powders. Furthermore, fragrance oil burning lamp is another type of air freshener. This type acts as a catalytic diffusion lamp, purifying the air while releasing fragrance. Yet another type is the non-electric or evaporative air freshener. This type releases fragrance when scented oil is added to an oil warmer, which is heated using a tea light candle. Globally, the demand for air fresheners registered stable growth during the last five years, and is expected to witness favourable growth during the forecast period. This is attributed to product innovations, increased adaption of enhanced products and rising affluence. Changing and improving lifestyle and demographic factors, as well as increasing population in developing countries is driving demand for air freshener products in Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. The key drivers in the air freshener market includes product innovation and launch of new product ranges capable of delivering freshness as well as enhanced ability to eliminate offensive odours. These properties serve to enhance consumer preference for such products and offers value for money. In addition, rise in disposable income and purchasing power parity has shifted the demand of consumers towards enhanced products, which is further expected to fuel market growth. Request For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-42 The key players in the global air freshener market include Procter & Gamble, SC Johnson, Reckitt Benckiser, Henkel, Church & Dwight, California Scents, ST Corporation, Scott’s Liquid Gold, Inc., Amway, Kobayashi, Liby, Houdy, Farcent, Jiali, Ludao, Mengjiaolan and others. Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com press@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Barcode Printers Market Projected to Register a CAGR of 7.4% Between 2016 and 2026 Next PostNext Wireless Power Transmission Market to Witness Steady Growth during the Forecast Period 2014-2020 Search Recent Posts Touch Vibration Speed Sensor Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Europe Biomaterial Market 2021- Analysis and Trends Polyimide Film Market 2022: Analysed by Business Growth, Development Factors, Applications, and Future Prospects Victor Sordillo Joins Sompo International as Senior Vice President, Loss Control Leader Le Pen’s Comments on French Role in Holocaust ‘Unacceptable’ Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Professional Hair Care Products Market Analysis, Segments, Growth and Value Chain 2014-2020 Beauty and personal care industry includes skin care, hair care, oral care, cosmetics, toiletries, and others. Of all the aforementioned segments, demand for hair care products has restored from 2013. Consumers are becoming sophisticated in nature which has led to change in buying patterns for personal care products. Thishas led to introduction of customized products sustaining the assorted need of the consumers based on different cultures, hair types, and regions. Also, rising concerns for hair protection, demand for professional hair care products is expected to increase in the next five to six years. Professional hair care products are predicted to record a growth of around 5% to 6% annually in the near future. Factors such ashair stylist recommendations, efficacy of the products, and increasing penetration of hair care services are expected to bolster the professional hair care products market growth in near future. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-207 The professional hair care market is expected to witness growth due to factors such as increased consumer spending on personal care products, growing disposable income of consumers in emerging nations, and increasing penetration of hair salon services across the globe. In addition, changing hair grooming pattern especially among the male consumers is expected to fuel the market growth. However, high pricing coupled with less availability of professional hair care products across the designed distribution channels are restricting the market growth. Although, the professional hair care products market has attained a maturity level in developed countries, introduction of highly specialized products in shampoo and hair colorant category is anticipated to enhance the market growth. Also, in developing countries introduction of products addressing issues of consumers related to grey hair, dandruff and hair loss are expected to fuel the market growth. For instance, in India inclination of consumers towards enhanced hair appearance is a key trend leading to a shift in consumers from conventional products to professional hair care products. Furthermore, increasing product visibility across multi retail outlets aids the market growth during 2015-2020. The professional hair care products market is segmented on the basis of product type, and distribution channels. The various professional hair care products are broadly classified as conditioners, shampoos, hair colorants, hair serums, hair masks, hair sprays, and others. Among abovementioned products, the hair colorants category is expected to witness a growth of around 8% to 9% as compared to the other products. The various distribution channels through which the professional hair care products are marketed include spa and salons, web or online shopping stores, supermarkets and hypermarkets, speciality stores, and others. Request For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-207 North America is expected to dominate the market during the forecast period, accounting for more than 30% of the market share by 2020. However, Asia pacific is expected to record highest CAGR as compared to other regions. Changing consumer buying patterns supported by increasing disposable income and spending on personal care products in countries such as India and China is driving the growth of professional hair care products in this region. Furthermore, growth of organizedretail industry is expected to enhance the demand for professional hair care products in MEA. Some of the major international players in this market include L’oreal Group, Kao Group, Henkel AG & Co., Aveda Corporation, Procter & Gamble Co., Unilever Group, and PBI Group Inc., among the others. As a strategic move to enhance the product visibility, these companies are focused on increasing product penetration through online retailing, and creating awareness for hair care products through advertisements. In addition, high promotional activities such as increasing television commercials, value added packages in the hair care products range, and other offers has led to increased purchase of hair care products across the globe. CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Professional Hair Care Products Market, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Cogeneration System Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext New Study: 2015-2019 Global Knife Market Size, and Future Outlook Search Recent Posts Global Analysis of Fly Ash Cement Report on Global and Kged States Market Outlook, 2017 – 2022 USGS, partners launch a unified, West Coast-wide earthquake early warning system Global Hotel Furniture Industry Market Outlook, 2017 – 2022 School of Journalism lecturer on team awarded Pulitzer for Ghost Ship fire coverage Supplements and Nutrition Packaging Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast Analysis For 2017 – 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS D-St update: Adani Power, Archies, Muthoot Capital hit fresh 52-week high Adani Power, Tata Power shares tank up to 16% after SC disallows compensatory tariffs Nifty above 9,200; REC, Saregama, Karuturi Global surge over 7% intraday Akash Prakash, the man who predicted Nifty peak, made money with both hands Sensex surges; Adani Power, Hindustan Composites, Pioneer Distilleries slip over 5% in morning trade Auto pack looks convincing, especially commercial vehicles: Deven Choksey Yuan firms as dollar retreats; Macquarie forecasts no depreciation this year Daman-Gujarat 'merger' talk spooks Delta Corp investors Barclays report puts iron ore in bear grip Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 12:15 PM | 11 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,727150.93 NIFTY 50 9,21937.90 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,79051.00 USD/INR 64.55-0.01 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW need2know: 7 macro triggers to take note of before you start your day By ETMarkets.com | Updated: Apr 10, 2017, 08.31 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ONstocksSensexreal estateRajasthanProcter & Gambleportfolionifty Company Summary NSE BSE Procter & Gamble Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES HUL Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Hindustan UniLever Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Love visual aspect of news?: Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! Companies producing FMCG goods have effected sudden price hikes ahead of the arrival of the GST regime, guarding themselves against possible cost appreciation and creating rooms for price cuts. Meanwhile, the Modi government has gone into presidential election mode, even as many states are busy trying to find ways to work around the Supreme Court's liquor ban along side highways, and how! These are among the interesting macro news stories we picked for you before you start your day in the financial markets. States finding ways around liquor ban States like Maharashtra, Himachal, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan and others have converted hundreds of kilometres of national and state highways into local, municipal or district roads, just a few days after a Supreme Court order banning liquor sale along highways. Most states have not specified any reason for changing the categories and some have even denied that the step has been taken in view of the Supreme Court verdict. Remember, liquor stocks fell all through last week FIIs go gung-ho on India story Foreign investors have pumped in a staggering $2.45 billion in capital markets in the last four sessions on the back of improved investor sentiments driven by passage of GST bills and growth in manufacturing sector. This comes following a record net inflow of Rs 56,944 crore (USD 8.7 billion) last month, mainly on expectations that BJP's victory in recently held assembly polls would lead to faster reforms. PMO’s push for housing for all In a bid to meet the objectives of the government’s Housing for All initiative by 2022, the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) on Saturday conducted a meeting with representatives of private developers to review the impact of the affordable housing schemes. In the meeting, which lasted over two hours, the PMO discussed challenges faced by developers while launching and executing such housing projects, , including high land cost and slow approval processes. The meeting was attended by representatives of industry bodies National Real Estate Development Council (NAREDCO), The Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (CREDAI), and MCHI-CREDAI apart from officials of the National Housing Bank. Watch the realty space. Govt braces for presidential polls The government seems to have gone into presidential election mode already. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has invited all the senior leaders of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) to dinner on Monday in a move linked to the presidential and vice-presidential election due later this year. Although the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is yet to give a clear agenda, senior NDA leaders believe the dinner diplomacy is the first step towards consensus building for the election of the president due in July and vice-president in August. GAAR confusion for FPIs Custodians for foreign portfolio investors and tax consultants are in a deadlock with both parties refusing to take the onus of potential liabilities of their clients in the new tax regime. The custodians, mainly foreign banks, want a certificate from consultants such as the big four firms stating that General Anti Avoidance Rule (GAAR)-aimed at curbing tax evasion by foreign investors --have to prove it is not be applicable to their clients. Pray, this does not affect FPI sentiment in market. FMCG price hikes ahead of GST In the run-up to the implementation of the GST, expected on July 1, consumer goods companies such as Hindustan Unilever (HUL) and Procter & Gamble (P&G) are either changing their production strategies or raising prices to reflect the new tax treatment for their products. Prices were raised now to give companies the room to cut, and still cushion operating margins, after GST kicked in. Watch this counter! Gold imports down India's gold import witnessed a fall of about 24 per cent to $23.22 billion in April- February period of the last fiscal, which is expected to keep a lid on the current account deficit. Total import of the precious metal in the corresponding period of 2015-16 stood at $30.71 billion. According to industry experts, softening prices of gold in the domestic and world markets could be the reason for the same. Comments(0)Add Comments need2know: 7 macro triggers to take note of before you start your day To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Related Articles Most sensex scrips yet to reach previous highs Sensex zooms; Vipul, Neuland rally up to 20% Sensex, Nifty end flat on mixed global cues Sensex, Nifty end flat ahead of IIP numbers BSE IT Index will underperform Sensex for next six months: IDBI READ MORE ONstocksSensexreal estateRajasthanProcter & Gambleportfolionifty Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Help prepare your business for a cyber breach. Take the te.. Travelers Do You Have the 9 Traits of a Born CEO? Russell Reynolds Search Firm Shop The Spring Black Friday Sale The Home DepotMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Windows Ink Can Spark Up To 36% Increases In Stem Outcomes Microsoft $91 for a $300 Watch. Here's how I did it. Watch of the Month Club The Impossibly Comfortable Indoor-Outdoor Slipper mahabis.com This game will keep you up all night! Vikings: Free Online Game I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Rupee may surge to 63/$ in a month, hopes of first sovereign rating upgrade in over 6 years: ET Poll Investment tip: How long should you run an SIP? Tech charts show over 70 stocks are ready for big rally; do you own them? This LIC favourite stock delivered over 350% return in 3 years; still a good bet 10 strategies to make money in the next 10 sessions on Dalal Street More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Kings XI Punjab Vs RCB Gold rate today|Sensex Income Tax Slabs|RBI Policy Gold rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
