Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: What to Watch When Procter & Gamble Co. Posts Earnings Results Here are the three key trends investors should keep an eye on in P&G's upcoming quarterly announcement. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Apr 23, 2017 at 1:00PM Consumer goods titan Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) will post earnings results for its fiscal third quarter on April 26. Here's what investors need to know heading into the announcement. Sales growth P&G's sales gains have been disappointing over the past two fiscal years, but 2017 is looking much brighter. Following last year's 1% uptick, organic sales came in ahead of management's expectations in each of the first two quarters of this year, rising by 3% in fiscal Q1 and by 2% in Q2. Better still, the latest gains have been driven by a healthy mix of volume growth and higher pricing, which implies that the company may finally be on the verge of ending a disappointing two-year market-share slide. In fact, CEO David Taylor and his executive team recently had enough confidence in the business that they boosted their full-year growth outlook to 2.5% from 2%, which would put P&G ahead of rival Kimberly-Clark and its projected 2% increase. Image source: Getty Images. Drilling deeper into the results, investors will be looking for evidence that the company has ended market-share losses in key brands like Gillette with help from increased marketing, aggressive sampling programs, and stepped-up innovation. Profitability Cost cuts aren't a long-term solution to slumping sales, but they can be a powerful strategic tool that simplifies the business while leaving room for investments in attractive growth opportunities. That's the path P&G has been trying to navigate lately as it sliced billions of dollars out of its expense infrastructure, removed 100 less-profitable brands from the portfolio, and reduced its manufacturing footprint. The results so far have been encouraging. Core gross margin jumped 1.2 percentage points higher last quarter thanks mainly to progress in the company's $10 billion cost-cutting program. PG Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Executives see plenty of room for additional slices ahead that ideally will keep P&G near the top of its industry in terms of profitability. Just as important, this fiscal year is the first one in which Taylor and his team are managing the slimmed-down portfolio that they want -- one that they believe will produce a full percentage point of higher profitability than in the past. Thus, shareholders will be watching for evidence of improving gross and operating profit margins this week. Cash returns One of the biggest benefits of P&G's decision to transform into a smaller, more profitable enterprise is that it is funding one of the stock market's most generous cash-return programs. The company is on track to send $22 billion to shareholders just this fiscal year. Sure, most of those returns are coming in the form of stock repurchases, and so it will take time before investors know for sure whether they were smart uses of capital. Yet the improved cash position has also produced stepped-up dividend growth. P&G earlier this month announced a 3% increase to its payout -- its 61st straight -- to mark a solid acceleration over last year's tiny 1% raise. This week, management will likely comment on the rationale behind the aggressive dividend boost in the context of a capital return program that should send $70 billion to shareholders in the four fiscal years ending in 2019. Of course, big cash returns over the next few years won't mean much to investors if the company hasn't also returned to market-beating sales growth. The first half of fiscal 2017 marked a small step in that direction, and shareholders will soon learn whether that encouraging momentum held up into the back half of the year. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info Apr 23, 2017 at 1:00PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $88.62 down $0.71 (-0.79%) Read More What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? Procter & Gamble Co. Stock at $90: What's Next? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc What Will Happen to Procter & Gamble Co's Shaving Business? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current What to Watch When Procter & Gamble Co. Posts Earnings Results @themotleyfool #stocks $PG
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 158,399 Shares of Vince Holding Corp (VNCE) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Boothbay Fund Management LLC CAMG Solamere Management LLC Acquires Shares of 8,282 Procter & Gamble Co (PG) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Rio Tinto plc Reduced by Jefferies Group (RIO) Q1 2018 Earnings Forecast for Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Issued By SunTrust Banks Q3 2018 EPS Estimates for Southwestern Energy Company Lifted by Analyst (SWN) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $606,000 Stake in CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) General Electric Company (GE) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $287,000 Position in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $290,000 Position in tronc Inc (TRNC) Danaher Co. (DHR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BTIG Research Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) Boosted by Northcoast Research Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Boosted by DA Davidson William Blair Weighs in on Biogen Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (BIIB) Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $2.94 Per Share, Capital One Financial Corp. Forecasts WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Position Lowered by Public Sector Pension Investment Board Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Buys 280 Shares of Caesars Entertainment Corp (CZR) CAMG Solamere Management LLC Acquires Shares of 8,282 Procter & Gamble Co (PG) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet CAMG Solamere Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor purchased 8,282 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $694,000. Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in PG. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 775.6% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 4,562,545 shares of the company’s stock valued at $383,723,000 after buying an additional 4,041,486 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at $292,352,000. APG Asset Management N.V. increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 71.9% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 5,894,436 shares of the company’s stock valued at $529,026,000 after buying an additional 2,465,900 shares during the period. Equity Investment Corp Acquisition Inc purchased a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at $105,370,000. Finally, TD Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 38.3% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 4,371,494 shares of the company’s stock valued at $392,342,000 after buying an additional 1,211,300 shares during the period. 68.33% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 88.62 on Friday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52 week low of $79.10 and a 52 week high of $92.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $90.34 and its 200 day moving average is $87.21. The stock has a market cap of $226.56 billion, a PE ratio of 16.24 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $16.86 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $16.80 billion. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The company’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.04 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 21st will be issued a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.11%. This is an increase from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 19th. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 48.73%. WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/camg-solamere-management-llc-acquires-shares-of-8282-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. PG has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $86.00 to $77.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Evercore ISI reissued an “underweight” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Monday, February 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a “neutral” rating and a $98.00 price target for the company. Finally, Vetr downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $84.90 price target for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. Procter & Gamble Co presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $91.19. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 37,835 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,291,645. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Marc S. Pritchard sold 47,252 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.14, for a total transaction of $4,117,539.28. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 151,643 shares in the company, valued at $13,214,171.02. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 158,399 Shares of Vince Holding Corp (VNCE) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Boothbay Fund Management LLC CAMG Solamere Management LLC Acquires Shares of 8,282 Procter & Gamble Co (PG) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Rio Tinto plc Reduced by Jefferies Group (RIO) Q1 2018 Earnings Forecast for Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Issued By SunTrust Banks Q3 2018 EPS Estimates for Southwestern Energy Company Lifted by Analyst (SWN) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $606,000 Stake in CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) General Electric Company (GE) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $287,000 Position in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $290,000 Position in tronc Inc (TRNC) Danaher Co. (DHR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BTIG Research Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) Boosted by Northcoast Research Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Boosted by DA Davidson William Blair Weighs in on Biogen Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (BIIB) Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $2.94 Per Share, Capital One Financial Corp. Forecasts WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Position Lowered by Public Sector Pension Investment Board Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Buys 280 Shares of Caesars Entertainment Corp (CZR) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet United Capital Financial Advisers LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 3.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 679,532 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 25,816 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co comprises about 0.6% of United Capital Financial Advisers LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 28th largest position. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $57,135,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. American National Bank boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares during the last quarter. Empirical Finance LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $101,000. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $149,000. Finally, Riverpoint Wealth Management Holdings LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $211,000. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 88.62 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $226.56 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.24 and a beta of 0.64. The company has a 50-day moving average of $90.34 and a 200 day moving average of $87.21. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12 month low of $79.10 and a 12 month high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The firm earned $16.86 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $16.80 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.04 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Friday, April 21st will be paid a dividend of $0.6896 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 19th. This is a boost from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.11%. Procter & Gamble Co’s payout ratio is currently 48.73%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/procter-gamble-co-pg-shares-bought-by-united-capital-financial-advisers-llc.html. A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Saturday, January 28th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $103.00 price target (up from $101.00) on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $91.19. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, insider Mohamed Samir Abde Abdelfattah sold 1,876 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.25, for a total value of $171,185.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 30,952 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,824,370. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, CFO Jon R. Moeller sold 3,411 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.21, for a total transaction of $311,117.31. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133. 0.35% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group Comments on Procter & Gamble Co’s Q3 2017 Earnings (PG) W. R. Grace & Co to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.84 Per Share, Seaport Global Securities Forecasts (GRA) DA Davidson Comments on Hanmi Financial Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (HAFC) Wi-LAN Inc (WIN) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday VCA Inc (WOOF) to Release Earnings on Tuesday Brokers Issue Forecasts for Synovus Financial Corp.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SNV) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for ADTRAN, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ADTN) Brandywine Realty Trust (BDN) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.32 Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for American Express Company Raised by DA Davidson (AXP) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Cut by Wedbush Investors Buy United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) on Weakness After Insider Selling Capella Education Company (CPLA) to Release Earnings on Tuesday Stifel Nicolaus Raises Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI) Price Target to $170.00 Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Netflix, Inc. Reduced by Dougherty & Co (NFLX) Anadarko Petroleum Co. Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.41) Per Share (APC) Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.13 Per Share, Desjardins Forecasts (AEM) Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $2.66 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts Cormark Comments on Trevali Mining Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (TV) BankUnited (BKU) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Bristol-Myers Squibb Co’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BMY) Jefferies Group Comments on Procter & Gamble Co’s Q3 2017 Earnings (PG) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) – Equities researchers at Jefferies Group upped their Q3 2017 earnings per share estimates for shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report issued on Tuesday. Jefferies Group analyst K. Grundy now forecasts that the company will earn $0.94 per share for the quarter, up from their prior estimate of $0.91. Jefferies Group currently has a “Buy” rating and a $103.00 target price on the stock. A number of other analysts also recently weighed in on PG. Royal Bank of Canada set a $76.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 2nd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and reduced their target price for the stock from $86.00 to $77.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Wells Fargo & Co reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Saturday, January 21st. Finally, B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $91.19. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/jefferies-group-comments-on-procter-gamble-cos-q3-2017-earnings-pg.html. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 88.62 on Friday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52 week low of $79.10 and a 52 week high of $92.00. The company has a market cap of $226.56 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.24 and a beta of 0.64. The company’s 50-day moving average is $90.34 and its 200-day moving average is $87.21. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business earned $16.86 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $16.80 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.04 earnings per share. Procter & Gamble Co’s quarterly revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 21st will be given a dividend of $0.6896 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.11%. This is a boost from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 48.73%. In other news, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total transaction of $5,126,855.30. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Marylynn Fergusonmchugh sold 61,208 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.56, for a total transaction of $5,604,204.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. State Street Corp raised its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 117,814,233 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,905,824,000 after buying an additional 1,102,516 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 41,540,032 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,728,219,000 after buying an additional 105,964 shares during the period. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth $1,918,188,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 14,964,441 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,343,059,000 after buying an additional 62,847 shares during the period. Finally, Loomis Sayles & Co. L P raised its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 4.9% in the fourth quarter. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P now owns 8,766,489 shares of the company’s stock worth $737,087,000 after buying an additional 406,412 shares during the period. 68.33% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Breaking News Health+ Diet + FitnessLiving WellParenting + Family U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram Indian ad with transgender mom stirs debate -- and tears By Manveena Suri, CNN Updated 9:44 PM ET, Wed April 19, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Transgender identity, in their words Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Transgender identity, in their words 02:44 Story highlights Transgender rights have made progress in India but some problems remain Trans people cannot legally adopt children in India New Delhi (CNN)An advert challenging the norms of a traditional family in India has gone viral, with more than 9 million views on YouTube. The ad's storyline pushes the issue of transgender rights within the country and reveals the human side of the issue in just three and a half minutes. Released online on March 31, the commercial by medicine company Vicks tells the true story of Gayatri, a young Indian orphan who was adopted by Gauri Sawant, a 37-year-old Mumbai-based transgender woman and social activist. On a bus on her way to boarding school, Gayatri recalls her life and how she was adopted by Sawant after her birth mother was taken away in an ambulance, never coming back. Throughout the ad, we catch glimpses of Sawant but she is only revealed in full when Gayatri turns to her and says, "This is my mom. Isn't she lovely?" Read More Gayatri says Sawant sends her to boarding school because she wants her to become a doctor. But in the final scene, Gayatri says she would rather become a lawyer, suggesting she would rather fight for the rights that her mother is denied as a transgender Indian. Trans people cannot legally adopt children in India. A non-traditional family The commercial features the real Gayatri and Gauri Sawant. Gayatri was 6 years old when her mother, a sex worker, died of AIDS. Gauri, her mother's friend, decided to raise her as her own and is doing it "against all odds," the advert states as she is unable to legally adopt the child herself. Trying to find love as a transgender man Commenting online, the ad's director Neeraj Ghaywan was keen to point out that Sawant plays herself in the commercial. "Just hoping someday the world will be as one," he wrote. In a statement, Nitin Darbari, a spokesman for Vicks' parent company, Procter and Gamble, said the company was hoping to highlight "the importance of care beyond just the traditional perception of family." "The campaign shows how people who, though not connected by blood, end up being family through care itself," Darbari said. The video forms part of the company's #TouchOfCare campaign and since its release online, has had an overwhelming number of comments, with the majority being positive. Similar views have been shared on Twitter. I'm not crying, you're crying. But really, great story that brings awareness to trans+ issues. #vicksindia— Sebastian Nemec (@SebastianJNemec) April 16, 2017 Brilliant ad. Motherhood knows no gender #sheshermother Vicks - Generations of Care #TouchOfCare https://t.co/rPGz8fXlA2— Mrym. (@mrymler) April 18, 2017 Politician Shashi Tharoor, who had been at the forefront of a now rejected bill that sought to decriminalize gay sex, tweeted his support of the ad's messaging. Amazing short film on transgender rights https://t.co/ch1nvTFv9g brilliantly made for VicksIndia, but without a bottle of Vicks in sight!— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) April 16, 2017 But actress, artist and transgender rights activist Kalki Subramaniam has mixed views. While she can see it from the public's perspective, as an activist she questions the benefit the ad will have on transgender communities. "Yes, this ad promotes transgender rights, our rights as mothers, our rights in social and civil activities, and our right as a citizen but the one thing I don't like about this ad is that it sensationalizes an issue," Subramaniam told CNN. "This is a trend in India. People are using transgender people because it gets a lot of attention but the community is still begging and doing sex work. What are they giving back to the community?" she asked. Limited progress to date India's transgender community, known as "hijras," can date their origins as far back as 3,000 years ago with mentions in the Hindu epics "Mahabharata" and "Ramayana." During the Mughal Empire, which ruled the Indian subcontinent between 1526 and 1858, they are believed to have held significant power, serving as royal advisers and protectors of royal harems. Transgender rights: These countries are ahead of the US Their status deteriorated rapidly however during the British empire. In a paper, Dr M. Michelraj from Annamalai University in India wrote that the British "vigorously sought to criminalize the hijra community and to deny them their civil rights." The legacy of this stigmatization lingered and the community continued to face discrimination after independence, often being pushed to the edges of society and forced to depend on sex work to get by. But in recent years, India has made strides when it comes to transgender rights. In a landmark vote in 2014, India's Supreme Court granted the country's "hijra," or transgender people, and those classified as third-gender the right to self-identify without sex reassignment surgery. It is one of 20 countries that has passed some form of legislation recognizing their status. The ruling in India enabled transgender people equal access to education, health care and employment, as well as protection from discrimination, with Sawant being one of the original petitioners to challenge the government, resulting in the passage of the law. Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter. "India is very progressive. A person can choose his or her gender, you don't need to have a medical certificate. This speaks of our constitutional morality and recognizes gender politics," said Akkai Padmashali, a transgender activist and founder of Ondede, a Bangalore-based NGO that works with the LGBT community. But transgender people -- along with same-sex couples -- still cannot legally adopt children in India. Subramaniam believes change comes slowly. "Passing a law doesn't change society overnight ... the government, the public, the activists need to work together to promote transgender rights and equality," said Subramaniam. For Padmashali, the Vicks advert is a small step in stirring debate on this issue and bringing it to a wider audience. "The transgender community has been socially excluded for so many centuries," she said. "(The advert) shows society that we are human beings. To adopt or to have a child is beyond your gender or sexuality. Gauri Sawant's life story is a model for society." Content by LendingTree Mortgage rates drop. Do you qualify for the lowest rates? Not enough people use this credit card payoff trick Refinance rates are near historic lows. Don't miss out. Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Veteran homeowners get a huge reward In 2017 Paid Partner Content Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth Trulia The 'Artist Playground' reinvents the hotels as art gallery with Pullman Hotels Wallpaper What's your home worth? Find out here Trulia USM heads into the future with glowing new additions to a classic system Wallpaper Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Trulia Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman What to Watch When Procter &amp; Gamble Co. Posts Earnings Results Consumer goods titan Procter & Gamble (NYSE: PG) will post earnings results for its fiscal third quarter on April 26. Here’s what investors need to know heading into the announcement. Sales growth P&G’s sales gains have been disappointing over the past two fiscal years, but 2017 is looking much brighter. Following last year’s 1% uptick, organic sales came in ahead of management’s expectations in each of the first two quarters of this year, rising by 3% in fiscal Q1 and by 2% in Q2 . Better still, the latest gains have been driven by a healthy mix of volume growth and higher pricing, which implies that the company may finally be on the verge of ending a disappointing two-year market-share slide. In fact, CEO David Taylor and his executive team recently had enough confidence in the business that they boosted their full-year growth outlook to 2.5% from 2%, which would put P&G ahead of rival Kimberly-Clark  and its projected 2% increase. Image source: Getty Images. Drilling deeper into the results, investors will be looking for evidence that the company has ended market-share losses in key brands like Gillette with help from increased marketing, aggressive sampling programs, and stepped-up innovation. Profitability Cost cuts aren’t a long-term solution to slumping sales, but they can be a powerful strategic tool that simplifies the business while leaving room for investments in attractive growth opportunities. That’s the path P&G has been trying to navigate lately as it sliced billions of dollars out of its expense infrastructure, removed 100 less-profitable brands from the portfolio, and reduced its manufacturing footprint. The results so far have been encouraging. Core gross margin jumped 1.2 percentage points higher last quarter thanks mainly to progress in the company’s $10 billion cost-cutting program . PG Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts . Executives see plenty of room for additional slices ahead that ideally will keep P&G near the top of its industry in terms of profitability. Just as important, this fiscal year is the first one in which Taylor and his team are managing the slimmed-down portfolio that they want — one that they believe will produce a full percentage point of higher profitability than in the past. Thus, shareholders will be watching for evidence of improving gross and operating profit margins this week. Cash returns One of the biggest benefits of P&G’s decision to transform into a smaller, more profitable enterprise is that it is funding one of the stock market’s most generous cash-return programs. The company is on track to send $22 billion to shareholders just this fiscal year . Sure, most of those returns are coming in the form of stock repurchases, and so it will take time before investors know for sure whether they were smart uses of capital. Yet the improved cash position has also produced stepped-up dividend growth. P&G earlier this month announced a 3% increase to its payout — its 61st straight — to mark a solid acceleration over last year’s tiny 1% raise. This week, management will likely comment on the rationale behind the aggressive dividend boost in the context of a capital return program that should send $70 billion to shareholders in the four fiscal years ending in 2019. Of course, big cash returns over the next few years won’t mean much to investors if the company hasn’t also returned to market-beating sales growth. The first half of fiscal 2017 marked a small step in that direction, and shareholders will soon learn whether that encouraging momentum held up into the back half of the year. 10 stocks we like better than Procter & Gamble When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Procter & Gamble wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Referenced Symbols: TTM , PG CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 3 Beaten-Up Virtual Reality Stocks: Are They Bargains? Next PostNext Why Investors Should Be Skeptical of the Recent Chipotle Rally Search Recent Posts Lockheed Martin Green-Lighted to Produce New Helicopter for the Marines Virgin America Fans Should Give Alaska Airlines a Chance About to Retire? Don’t Underestimate This 1 Critical Thing Better Buy: Enbridge Inc vs. Williams Partners L.P. Will NVIDIA Benefit From Virtual Reality? Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR MONDAY APRIL 24 The Fingerprint Sensor on Your Smartphone May Not Be Foolproof There may be a security flaw in the fingerprint sensor that millions of consumers use to unlock their smartphones and use the device to buy products and manage services, including banking chores. Unreal When It Targets You: Faceless Trolls Attack Online Trolling is a tactic of the hate-filled, alt-right movement that uses social media to spread fear and hate. "You read about these things in the news," said Erin Schrode, "but it's so unreal when it targets you." Apple Under Fire, Tries To Act More Responsibly Beware: Punycode Phishing Scam Can Snare even Savviest Users E-Commerce Conundrum: When To Pay for 'Free' Shipping Meet the Millennials Making Big Money Riding China's Bitcoin Wave CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS BIG DATA CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB AUTOMOTIVE TECH CRM SYSTEMS GOVERNMENT CHIPS & PROCESSORS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders TOP TECH NEWSCIO TODAYDATA STORAGE TODAYMOBILE TECH TODAY HOMETECH TRENDSNETWORK SECURITYCLOUD COMPUTINGHARDWAREAPPLICATIONSMICROSOFT/WINDOWSBIG DATAMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB AUTOMOTIVE TECH CRM SYSTEMS GOVERNMENT CHIPS & PROCESSORS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware MOBILE TECH The Fingerprint Sensor on Your Smartphone May Not Be Foolproof Posted April 23, 2017 EARLIER United States Will Not Allow Mobile Phone Talk on Flights THIS STORY The Fingerprint Sensor on Your Smartphone May Not Be Foolproof LATER Aspiring Tech Prodigy Tries To Re-Route Self-Driving Cars YOU ARE HERE:   HOME MOBILE TECH THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Gary Robbins. Updated April 23, 2017 11:15AM SHARE ALSO SEE Smartphones Fingerprint Sensor iPhone Mobile Security Hackers ESET Biometrics Passwords There may be a security flaw in the fingerprint sensor that millions of consumers use to unlock their smartphones and use the device to buy products and manage services, including banking chores. Researchers at New York University and Michigan State University developed artificial "master" fingerprints that appear capable of hacking smartphones. The break-ins were carried out during computer simulations and worked about 65-percent of the time. But that's enough to raise concerns about the integrity of real fingerprint sensors. We raised the issue with Stephen Cobb, a senior researcher in the San Diego office of ESET, a global security firm. Q: What are consumers to make of this new research that say says that an artificial fingerprint could be used to access smartphones? Is this a significant security problem? A: Given the largely theoretical nature of this research the findings do not present a significant or imminent security problem for consumers. If any evidence merges that an attack of this type is being used in real world scenarios, phone makers have a lot of options available to quickly crank up the security of current protection mechanisms. The main value of research of this type is to highlight challenges that may need to be faced by future security mechanisms. Q: Are fingerprint IDs currently safer to use than traditional passwords? Even good passwords? A: The answer depends on multiple factors, from the user's understanding of passwords and password management to the level of risk that a compromise of their phone represents. Current fingerprint ID systems strive to balance security and convenience (long passwords are a chore to enter). Until we hear they are being bypassed "in the wild" by cheap and easily reproducible means then they remain fairly effective. Q: Are there other types of technologies emerging that might provide a bullet-proof way of securing our smartphones from hackers? A: A lot of other biometric approaches are being tested, from iris-recognition to vein-scanning, selfies, touch screen gestures, body odors, and cardiac rhythm. It is important to recognize that using any one of these as the sole test of identity, as is the case with many current phone fingerprint unlocking systems, is a lot less secure than using two, such as password plus gesture. Personally, I'd like to see phones and tablets offer a genuine "sign-in" capability, where you draw your signature on the screen. Although your written signature can, with practice, be forged it is very difficult to forge the writing of a signature. © 2017 San Diego Union-Tribune syndicated under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com TOP OF THE NEWS MONDAY APRIL 24 The Fingerprint Sensor on Your Smartphone May Not Be Foolproof There may be a security flaw in the fingerprint sensor that millions of consumers use to unlock their smartphones and use the device to buy products and manage services, including banking chores. Faceless Trolls Attacking Online   Apple Tries To Act More Responsibly   Punycode Scam Hard To Detect   When To Pay for 'Free' Shipping   Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN MOBILE TECH Apple Tries To Act More Responsibly Apple Might Delay Next iPhone Lithium Reviving Mining Tradition Review: Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus Tech Prodigy Re-Routes Self-Driving Next Article > Aspiring Tech Prodigy Tries To Re-Route Self-Driving Cars By Michael Liedtke. Updated April 14, 2017. Austin Russell, now 22, was barely old enough to drive when he set out to create a safer navigation system for robot-controlled cars. His ambitions are about to be tested. Five years ago, Russell [pictured above] co-founded Luminar Technologies, a Silicon Valley startup trying to steer the rapidly expanding self-driving car industry in a new direction. Luminar kept its work closely guarded until Thursday, when the startup revealed the first details about a product Russell is touting as a far more powerful form of "lidar," a key sensing technology used in autonomous vehicles designed by Google, Uber and major automakers. Lidar systems work by bouncing lasers off nearby objects and measuring the reflections to build up a detailed 3-D picture of the surrounding environment. The technology is similar to radar, which uses radio waves instead of lasers. Russell says Luminar's version, consisting of its own patented hardware and software, will provide 50 times more resolution and 10 times the range of current lidar systems. Those improvements, he said, will enable self-driving cars to be sold on the mass market more quickly. Thiel Backbone During an interview in an empty warehouse on a San Francisco pier where Luminar has been testing its lidar, Russell wasn't shy about making big claims for its technology. "When you see your vehicle is powered by Luminar, you will know you will be safer," he said. "We need to get to the point where humans don't have to constantly baby-sit and take control" of autonomous cars. If Luminar's lidar lives up to its promise, some of the world's biggest technology and auto companies may have been upstaged by a precocious entrepreneur who says he memorized all the periodic table of the elements when he was 2 years old. By the time he turned 11, Russell says he was tinkering with supercomputers. Like another technology prodigy -- Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg -- Russell won the early support of PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel, who became a billionaire after investing $500,000 in Facebook during the company's infancy. One of Luminar's early investors is a venture capital firm backed by Thiel and eBay founder Pierre Omidyar. Russell also dropped out of Stanford University after just three months when he won a Thiel fellowship, which pays students $100,000 to work on promising ideas instead of pursuing a degree. Cost or Safety? Also like Zuckerberg, Russell is CEO of his company. Most of Luminar's roughly 150 employees are older than him, including his former mentor in photonics, 45-year-old Jason Eichenholz, now the company's chief technology officer. Russell's father, a former commercial real estate specialist, is the company's chief financial officer. Now Russell will have to prove he has indeed invented something revolutionary. While lidar is a key component in self-driving clears, some believe Luminar may be working on the wrong problem. The big issue for lidar systems these days is cost, not safety, said Alex Lidow, CEO of Efficient Power Conversion, which supplies chips for lidar. The systems currently cost thousands of dollars apiece. "You don't need the resolution that would allow a car to stop before a bug hits its windshield," Lidow said. "The question comes down to, what is the exact right amount of information for the car to make exactly the right decision all the time?" Luminar plans to being manufacturing 10,000 lidar units at a 50,000-square-foot plant in Orlando, Florida, this year. Russell won't disclose what they'll cost. About 100 of the lidar systems will be tested by four makers of autonomous cars that Luminar isn't identifying. The partners include technology companies and automakers, Russell said. The Lidar Landscape Luminar will be competing against other lidar suppliers such as Velodyne and Quanergy Systems, which have each raised $150 million so far. Velodyne's backers include Ford Motor, which invested $75 million last summer. By comparison, Luminar has raised $36 million, some of which has been used to set up its headquarters on a former Silicon Valley ranch that used to be home for a collection of vintage military tanks. Waymo, a company spun off from Google's early work on self-driving cars, also looms as an imposing competitor. It hopes to sell its technology, which includes a lidar system, to automakers. One sign of lidar's importance: Waymo has accused Uber of stealing its technology in a high-profile legal battle. Uber has denied the allegations , contending it is designing its own superior lidar system. Waymo's lidar has a solid track record so far. Its self-driving cars have logged more than 2 million miles in autonomous mode on city streets without being involved in a major traffic accident. Most of the roughly three dozen accidents that Google had reported through last year were fender benders. Russell isn't impressed. "It's very easy to build an autonomous vehicle that is safe 99 percent of the time," he said. "It's that other 1 percent that's the tricky part." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Automotive, Self-Driving, Autonomous, Entrepreneur, Startup, Peter Thiel, Google, Waymo, Car Safety MOST POPULAR 01 Mobile Tech Galaxy S8 Pre-Orders Shatter Records 02 Government FCC: No Mobile Phone Talk on Flights 03 Mobile Tech Google To Invest $877M in LG's OLED 04 Big Data IBM Teams with Continuum Analytics 05 Personal Tech Is Apple Watch for Diabetics on Tap? 06 CRM Systems Salesforce Intros AI-Powered Platform 07 Government T-Mobile Wins Big in Airwaves Auction 08 Network Security MS Patches Shadow Brokers Exploits 09 Cloud Computing Oracle Buys Measurement Firm Moat 10 Apple/Mac Apple Might Delay Next iPhone INSIDE TOP TECH NEWS NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS BIG DATA CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB AUTOMOTIVE TECH CRM SYSTEMS GOVERNMENT CHIPS & PROCESSORS PERSONAL TECH CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY NEWSFACTOR ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY SCI-TECH TODAY CRM DAILY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders Copyright 2017 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     THE ENTERPRISE SECURITY SUPERSITE. UPDATED ABOUT A MINUTE AGO. Home Network Security Viruses & Malware Cybercrime Security Solutions Mobile Security Disaster Recovery Windows Security Data Security EST Contributed Content You are here: Home / Mobile Security / Fingerprint Sensor: Flawed Security? Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com The Fingerprint Sensor on Your Smartphone May Not Be Foolproof By Gary Robbins PUBLISHED: APRIL 23 2017 There may be a security flaw in the fingerprint sensor that millions of consumers use to unlock their smartphones and use the device to buy products and manage services, including banking chores. Researchers at New York University and Michigan State University developed artificial "master" fingerprints that appear capable of hacking smartphones. The break-ins were carried out during computer simulations and worked about 65-percent of the time. But that's enough to raise concerns about the integrity of real fingerprint sensors. We raised the issue with Stephen Cobb, a senior researcher in the San Diego office of ESET, a global security firm. Q: What are consumers to make of this new research that say says that an artificial fingerprint could be used to access smartphones? Is this a significant security problem? A: Given the largely theoretical nature of this research the findings do not present a significant or imminent security problem for consumers. If any evidence merges that an attack of this type is being used in real world scenarios, phone makers have a lot of options available to quickly crank up the security of current protection mechanisms. The main value of research of this type is to highlight challenges that may need to be faced by future security mechanisms. Q: Are fingerprint IDs currently safer to use than traditional passwords? Even good passwords? A: The answer depends on multiple factors, from the user's understanding of passwords and password management to the level of risk that a compromise of their phone represents. Current fingerprint ID systems strive to balance security and convenience (long passwords are a chore to enter). Until we hear they are being bypassed "in the wild" by cheap and easily reproducible means then they remain fairly effective. Q: Are there other types of technologies emerging that might provide a bullet-proof way of securing our smartphones from hackers? A: A lot of other biometric approaches are being tested, from iris-recognition to vein-scanning, selfies, touch screen gestures, body odors, and cardiac rhythm. It is important to recognize that using any one of these as the sole test of identity, as is the case with many current phone fingerprint unlocking systems, is a lot less secure than using two, such as password plus gesture. Personally, I'd like to see phones and tablets offer a genuine "sign-in" capability, where you draw your signature on the screen. Although your written signature can, with practice, be forged it is very difficult to forge the writing of a signature. © 2017 San Diego Union-Tribune under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Smartphones, Fingerprint Sensor, iPhone, Mobile Security, Hackers, ESET, Biometrics, Passwords Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Fingerprint Sensor: Flawed Security? 2. Faceless Trolls Attacking Online 3. Punycode Scam Hard To Detect 4. Can the IoT Help Grow Business? 5. MS Patches Shadow Brokers Exploits MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN MOBILE SECURITY 1. Fingerprint Sensor: Flawed Security? 2. Can the IoT Help Grow Business? 3. Tilted Device Could Help Hackers 4. Employees Implanted with Microchips 5. Cybersecurity IQ: Mixed Results Next Article > What is the Internet of Things and How Can It Grow My Business? By Matthew Chapman PUBLISHED: APRIL 20 2017 The term Internet of Things might sound disconcertingly vague, but it refers to something very specific: technological devices connected via the internet. The History Similar to other technological buzzwords such as 3D printing and electric cars, the technology behind the Internet of Things (IoT) has been in existence for decades but it is only in recent years the term has gained credence. There is some dispute as to who was responsible for coining the Internet of Things expression, and two men lay claim to it. Peter T. Lewis claims to have coined it in a speech given in 1985 at a Federal Communications Commission conference, whereas another story tells of Kevin Ashton inventing it in a presentation to Procter & Gamble execs in 1999. Lewis reportedly stated in his speech that the Internet of Things is the "integration of people, processes and technology with connectable devices and sensors to enable remote monitoring, status, manipulation and evaluation of trends." This is the same as today’s explanation of the Internet of Things. In its simplest terms IoT could be described as connecting physical objects to the internet through sensors in order to allow them to communicate with each other and harvest data. One of the first instances of what we would now define as an IoT device can be traced back to 1989 when John Romkey unveiled an internet connected toaster at a conference. Bernard Marr, founder and chief executive of the Advanced Performance Institute, says IoT will allow "every item we have [to] become a computer." "It started off with smartphones, then moved on to smartwatches and smart TVs and got to a stage where we now have basically everything [connected] from thermostats to clothing to shoes and chairs in the office," says Marr. Business Uses Marr has identified six tech trends poised to disrupt small business, including Internet of Things. He believes IoT can help small businesses in three particular areas: the improving of decision making, providing a better understanding of customers, and improving operations through the reduction of operating costs. The latter could include cutting energy bills through the use of smart thermostats such as Nest, while the first two are more strategic. One such example Marr provides of a strategic use of IoT is a butcher shop that installed sensors on its shopping window and inside the shop allowing it to pick up the signals emitted by smartphones’ Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connections. At the time the butcher was facing a number of challenges including a drop in footfall due to a local library closing down, and the opening of a supermarket that was undercutting its prices. Through the introduction of the sensors the butcher was able to collect enough data to ascertain what marketing messages were attracting the most customers. Another business that is experimenting with IoT to improve its business operations is the on-demand laundry service Laundrapp, which allows customers to arrange laundry collections and deliveries online. Laundrapp has partnered with Amazon to develop functionality for its virtual assistant Alexa, which sits within the voice-controlled Amazon Echo internet-connected speaker. "It is by far the easiest way to place an order," says Laundrapp co-founder and chief executive Edward Relf. "Our business is entirely about convenience and saving people time and the fact you can order a Laundrapp just by saying two or three sentences is easily the most convenient way to order." Relf says he cannot divulge the amount of orders carried out through Alexa, but highlights how adopting a new technology can provide significant PR and marketing opportunities. "If you don’t have a huge marketing budget then actually being the first to some of these platforms represents a fantastic cross-marketing opportunity," says Relf. These can come in the form of appearing prominently on app stores, receiving media coverage for being at the cutting-edge of technology, and receiving promotion through partners’ such as Amazon’s marketing channels. "I’m not a huge fan of jumping onto new technology for the sake of it," adds Relf. "There were a number of platforms where we made the decision not to take Laundrapp to those platforms just because they are still unproven and don’t have the user base." Barriers of entries are falling down, meaning small businesses are able to prototype sophisticated electronics products. Industry Disruption While some companies are using the IoT to improve their services, others have seen the sector as an opportunity to disrupt existing marketplaces. Sensible Object aims to be the "first global game company of the Internet of Things" and its first game, Beasts of Balance, combines physical and digital gameplay and has been described as "Jenga crossed with Skylanders." The company has landed a place on the Internet of Things venture program of digital marketing giant R/GA, and the Beasts of Balance game raised £170,000 on Kickstarter last January. By the end of the year it had sold around 10,000 units, which founder Alex Fleetwood describes as "a pretty big success" considering the company is a startup entering the market. Fleetwood believes voice-activated IoT devices such as Google Home and Amazon Echo will usher in a more "socially positive" era where people are not such slaves to their smartphones. He adds barriers of entries are falling down with new technologies meaning small businesses are able to prototype sophisticated electronics products, which will introduce a "lot more creativity and differentiation." It is not just entertainment products that are being made smart, but also everyday functional items. Christian Lane, founder of Smarter, says his company’s first disruption came in the form of the connected iKettle in 2014, which became one of the highest selling products on Firebox in the first few months. He says the Internet of Things sector is growing "a lot more than what the average person is probably aware of." Projections for the growth of internet connected devices vary, but they all agree the numbers will increase significantly. Gartner estimated there were 6.4bn connected things by the end of 2016, up 30% from the previous year, and the number will grow threefold to almost 21bn by 2020. "It is a fascinating space and it is not going to slow down and it is clearly where the future is," concludes Relf. © 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Internet of Things, IoT, Small Business, Innovation, Customer Service, Wireless Connectivity, Amazon, Alexa POPULAR IN MOBILE SECURITY Fingerprint Sensor: Flawed Security? Can the IoT Help Grow Business? Tilted Device Could Help Hackers Employees Implanted with Microchips Cybersecurity IQ: Mixed Results U.K. Wants WhatsApp 'Backdoor' Not My Laptop! Ban Vexes Travelers THE BIG PICTURE Network Security Viruses & Malware Cybercrime Security Solutions Mobile Security ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY Network Security Viruses & Malware Cybercrime Security Solutions Mobile Security Disaster Recovery Windows Security Data Security EST Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Microsoft and Other Top Dow Earnings to Watch For This Week By Chris Lange April 23, 2017 10:20 am EDT Print Email Tweet 24/7 Wall St. has put together a preview of the Dow Jones Industrial Average companies scheduled to report their quarterly results this week. Overall nine companies in the Dow are reporting this coming week, after nine reported last week. Although the Dow has backed off its highs, the index has more or less been trading sideways for the past week. But a strong earnings showing from these companies could the push the index higher again. We have included the consensus earnings estimates from Thomson Reuters, as well as the stock price and trading history. Be advised that the earnings and revenue estimates may change ahead of the formal reports, and some companies may change reporting dates as well. Also see our separate review of other key earnings expected this week too. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) is scheduled to reveal its first-quarter results on Tuesday. The consensus forecast calls for $0.62 in earnings per share (EPS), as well as $9.27 billion in revenue. Shares were trading at $94.32 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $93.29. The stock has a 52-week trading range of $69.04 to $99.46. Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) is set to report its first-quarter results on Tuesday. The analysts’ consensus estimates call for EPS of $0.44 and $8.89 billion in revenue. Shares were changing hands at $43.07 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $44.36, and the stock has a 52-week range of $39.88 to $46.01. E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. (NYSE: DD) is expected to report its most recent quarterly results on Tuesday. The consensus analyst estimates are $1.39 in EPS and revenue of $7.5 billion. Shares of DuPont were at $78.65 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $86.13, and the 52-week range is $61.12 to $82.37. Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) will share its latest quarterly earnings on Wednesday. The consensus estimates call for $1.93 in EPS and $21.34 billion in revenue. Shares ended last week at $180.38, in a 52-week range of $122.35 to $185.71. The consensus analyst target is $181.90. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) is set to report its first-quarter results on Wednesday. The analysts’ consensus estimates are EPS of $0.94 and $15.72 billion in revenue. Shares were changing hands at $88.62 as last week came to a close. The consensus price target is $92.50, and the stock has a 52-week range of $79.10 to $92.00. Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) is expected to share its latest quarterly earnings on Thursday. The consensus estimates are $0.70 in EPS on $23.62 billion in revenue. Shares were at $66.40 on Friday’s close, in a 52-week range of $48.04 to $66.70. The consensus price target is $69.55. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) also is set to report its most recent quarterly results on Thursday. Analysts are calling for $0.65 in EPS and $14.81 billion in revenue. Shares closed out the week at $36.32, with a consensus price target of $39.97 and a 52-week range of $29.50 to $38.45. Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX) is scheduled to reveal its first-quarter results on Friday. The consensus estimates are $0.92 in EPS and $34.87 billion in revenue. Shares were trading at $104.89 as the week came to a close. The consensus price target is $126.55. The 52-week trading range is $97.53 to $119.00. Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) is set to report its first-quarter results on Friday. The analysts’ consensus estimates call for EPS of $0.87 and $67.34 billion in revenue. Shares of Exxon were changing hands at $80.69 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $87.14, and the 52-week range is $80.30 to $95.55. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « IPOs This Week: Cloudera, Carvana Among 8 Offerings on Tap Alphabet, Amazon, AT&T and Other Key Earnings Coming This Week » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Earnings, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT), Chevron Corp (NYSE:CVX), E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Comp... (NYSE:DD), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries Youngest County in Every State 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time Recent Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries Marijuana News Roundup: Legal Pot Could Save $1 Billion in Medicaid Expenses Alphabet, Amazon, AT&T and Other Key Earnings Coming This Week Boeing, Microsoft and Other Top Dow Earnings to Watch For This Week Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Aren’t Higher Interest Rates Helping Citigroup? How Much Social Security Will I Get? 3 Stocks to Buy and Never Sell Gold prices tumble $12.20, or 1%, to $1,277 an ounce S&P 500 futures up 18.85 points, or 0.8%, to 2,366.50 S&P 500 futures up 45 points, or 0.8%, to 5,487 ETFs for a Green Portfolio on Earth Day ETFs in Focus After Verizon's Downbeat Q1 Results Earnings Growth Accelerates in Q1 Euro jumps, shares firm on French election relief Tesla’s big Model 3 bet rides on risky assembly line strategy U.S. Chamber of Commerce chief expects basic NAFTA deal by mid-2018 Luxury Retailer Jimmy Choo Puts Itself Up For Sale France's CAC 40 Set to Lead European Stocks Higher Becton Dickinson to Acquire Bard for $24B Golf Balls In Hash Browns Prompt Food Recall Americans Would Pay $17.2 Billion To Prevent Another Deepwater Horizon Disaster American Airlines Suspends Worker After Ugly Confrontation In Which A Mom Was Allegedly Hit In The Face Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH IoT ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers TV’s ad bucket is leaking April 19, 2017 The near-5 million new Netflix subscribers reported this week (and taking its overall total to 100 million this coming weekend) is another indicator that ‘conventional’ advertising supported linear TV is under extreme pressures. Add in the drift of advertising from TV to online video, digital, social media and mobile, and there are plenty of elements in place for the perfect storm. An equity research report from Deutsche Bank today admits that the “end of TV advertising” has been prematurely made many times in the past. “But a pattern is emerging over the past 9 months of traditional, “linear” TV failing to grow in line with improving consumer confidence and GDP trends. This is of particular concern now as our channel checks are showing unexpected weakness in European ad markets in Q2. Linear TV is not collapsing, but new campaigns are seeing a far larger share going to online video, social and mobile. A lower gearing to macro momentum removes the primary reason to own TV stocks. It makes the recovery trade in French & Spanish TV stocks particularly vulnerable.” Deutsche Bank advises clients to sell their holdings in French networks TF1 and M6.  “We downgrade TF1, M6 and Spain’s Antena 3 and Pro7Sat-1to ‘HOLD’.” The bank’s note continues, saying: “We have conducted our regular channel checks with 9 advertising agencies on their TV advertising bookings in the past 3 weeks. We find that softer spend by their advertising clients is causing agencies to downgrade full-year forecasts across all major markets. Particularly surprising is the slowing in Germany after an already lacklustre 2016, the risks around French spending into the election period and continuing cuts in the UK despite a strong consumer backdrop.” The bank admits that media buying forecasts can be volatile. “But over the past 6 months, the pattern of TV ad spend dislocating with macro measures has been growing. This has become more evident since the start of this year. Investors seem to have been put at ease by the headlines of P&G’s move away from Facebook, the YouTube boycott and concerns over online ad fraud & “bots”. But while digital has teething issues, the shift of eyeballs and ad spend is inexorable. Online advertising is now twice as large as TV in the UK and grew by 17 percent last year vs TV down 4 percent (IAB & Deutsche Bank estimates). Online is on track to overtake TV in the US this year. This spend has to come from somewhere. Official statistics on ad share, showing TV stable, are increasingly outdated, in our view.” Related posts: “Sell” ITV, bank tells investors TF1: A warning for linear TV Digital ad-spend hits record high DT: Advertisers should subsidise mobile data O3b buyout: “Why the rush?” You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS SES, Vivicast UHD bouquet for US cable Laptops, desktops preferred TV viewing devices Ultra HD Forum adds forensic watermarking guidelines French Guiana strike ends Ofcom: Sky ruling delayed Broadcast industry set to embrace ATSC 3.0 40% US households video sharing weekly Further anti-piracy court success for DISH TVaaS opportunities to reach $1.5bn Intelsat, OneWeb merger facing challenges Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    IoT    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
null
