Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AT&T Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (T) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Decreased by Bremer Trust National Association Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Position Held by Bank of Montreal Can Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $24.28 Million Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Bank of Montreal Can Reduces Position in NV5 Global Inc (NVEE) Farmers Trust Co. Boosts Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) China Lodging Group, Ltd (HTHT) Stake Reduced by Bank of Montreal Can Berson & Corrado Investment Advisors LLC Has $353,000 Position in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Stake Boosted by Bridges Investment Management Inc. Teachers Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Middlesex Water Company (MSEX) Citi Trends, Inc. (CTRN) Stake Boosted by Teachers Advisors LLC Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Short Interest Down 29.6% in May Short Interest in Cabot Corp (CBT) Decreases By 29.9% Traders Buy High Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) VMware Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (VMW) Traders Purchase High Volume of Call Options on Visa (V) Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Analog Devices (ADI) Traders Buy High Volume of Procter & Gamble Co Call Options (PG) Analysts Issue Forecasts for Resolute Energy Corp’s FY2018 Earnings (REN) Russell 2000 Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (RUT) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $24.28 Million Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capstone Asset Management Co. reduced its position in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 2.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 270,217 shares of the company’s stock after selling 6,587 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co comprises about 0.7% of Capstone Asset Management Co.’s portfolio, making the stock its 15th largest position. Capstone Asset Management Co.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $24,279,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. PICTET BANK & TRUST Ltd increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 9.0% in the third quarter. PICTET BANK & TRUST Ltd now owns 77,046 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,915,000 after buying an additional 6,340 shares during the last quarter. Banque Pictet & Cie SA increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 6.2% in the third quarter. Banque Pictet & Cie SA now owns 1,235,288 shares of the company’s stock worth $110,867,000 after buying an additional 72,194 shares during the last quarter. Bank Pictet & Cie Asia Ltd. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 21.7% in the third quarter. Bank Pictet & Cie Asia Ltd. now owns 117,573 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,552,000 after buying an additional 20,960 shares during the last quarter. Transamerica Financial Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 10.0% in the third quarter. Transamerica Financial Advisors Inc. now owns 70,449 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,323,000 after buying an additional 6,428 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 14.3% in the third quarter. Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. now owns 31,108 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,792,000 after buying an additional 3,889 shares during the last quarter. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 88.59 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $226.58 billion, a PE ratio of 16.29 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52 week low of $80.95 and a 52 week high of $92.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $87.40 and its 200 day moving average is $87.26. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.94 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $15.61 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.70 billion. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.86 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 21st were given a dividend of $0.6896 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 19th. This is a positive change from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.11%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 48.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $24.28 Million Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/capstone-asset-management-co-has-24-28-million-position-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. PG has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Vetr downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $84.90 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $99.00 to $101.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $90.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, Evercore ISI reaffirmed an “underweight” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $92.90. In other news, insider Steven D. Bishop sold 2,668 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.34, for a total transaction of $233,023.12. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 43,608 shares in the company, valued at $3,808,722.72. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Patrice Louvet sold 29,621 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.01, for a total transaction of $2,547,702.21. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 76,651 shares in the company, valued at $6,592,752.51. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 199,891 shares of company stock worth $17,276,637. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AT&T Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (T) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Decreased by Bremer Trust National Association Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Position Held by Bank of Montreal Can Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $24.28 Million Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Bank of Montreal Can Reduces Position in NV5 Global Inc (NVEE) Farmers Trust Co. Boosts Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) China Lodging Group, Ltd (HTHT) Stake Reduced by Bank of Montreal Can Berson & Corrado Investment Advisors LLC Has $353,000 Position in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Stake Boosted by Bridges Investment Management Inc. Teachers Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Middlesex Water Company (MSEX) Citi Trends, Inc. (CTRN) Stake Boosted by Teachers Advisors LLC Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Short Interest Down 29.6% in May Short Interest in Cabot Corp (CBT) Decreases By 29.9% Traders Buy High Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) VMware Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (VMW) Traders Purchase High Volume of Call Options on Visa (V) Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Analog Devices (ADI) Traders Buy High Volume of Procter & Gamble Co Call Options (PG) Analysts Issue Forecasts for Resolute Energy Corp’s FY2018 Earnings (REN) Russell 2000 Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (RUT) Farmers Trust Co. Boosts Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Farmers Trust Co. increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 35.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 87,011 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 22,755 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co makes up 2.8% of Farmers Trust Co.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 5th largest position. Farmers Trust Co.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $7,818,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of PG. Hancock Holding Co. increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.6% in the third quarter. Hancock Holding Co. now owns 10,242 shares of the company’s stock worth $919,000 after buying an additional 66 shares during the period. Bailard Inc. increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 6.9% in the third quarter. Bailard Inc. now owns 16,160 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,450,000 after buying an additional 1,049 shares during the period. Korea Investment CORP increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 11.5% in the third quarter. Korea Investment CORP now owns 1,843,466 shares of the company’s stock worth $165,451,000 after buying an additional 190,391 shares during the period. Bank Hapoalim BM increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 32.2% in the third quarter. Bank Hapoalim BM now owns 14,873 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,335,000 after buying an additional 3,620 shares during the period. Finally, Advisor Group Inc. increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 3.8% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 318,053 shares of the company’s stock worth $27,859,000 after buying an additional 11,646 shares during the period. 68.33% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE PG) opened at 88.59 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $87.40 and its 200-day moving average price is $87.26. The stock has a market cap of $226.58 billion, a PE ratio of 16.29 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52-week low of $80.95 and a 52-week high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The business had revenue of $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.70 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.86 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 21st were issued a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.11%. This is an increase from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 19th. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is currently 48.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Farmers Trust Co. Boosts Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/farmers-trust-co-boosts-stake-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. A number of equities research analysts have commented on the company. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $101.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Vetr raised Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $94.67 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 target price on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, Evercore ISI reissued an “underweight” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Monday, February 27th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $92.90. In other news, insider Steven D. Bishop sold 2,668 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.34, for a total transaction of $233,023.12. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 43,608 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,808,722.72. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Patrice Louvet sold 3,837 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $333,819.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 46,913 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,081,431. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 199,891 shares of company stock valued at $17,276,637. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Analog Devices (ADI) Traders Buy High Volume of Procter & Gamble Co Call Options (PG) Analysts Issue Forecasts for Resolute Energy Corp’s FY2018 Earnings (REN) Russell 2000 Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (RUT) Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for S&W Seed Company Cut by Analyst (SANW) Short Interest in CIT Group Inc. (CIT) Rises By 65.8% Oppenheimer Holdings Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Short Interest Update SPDR S&P Biotech Target of Unusually High Options Trading (XBI) BCE Inc. (BCE) Forecasted to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.86 Per Share Investors Buy Shares of Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) on Weakness After Insider Selling Exxon Mobil Target of Unusually High Options Trading (XOM) Seaport Global Securities Brokers Increase Earnings Estimates for Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Matador Resources Co (MTDR) Receives $28.90 Consensus PT from Brokerages $790,000.00 in Sales Expected for T2 Biosystems Inc (TTOO) This Quarter O2Micro International Limited (OIIM) versus Sparton (SPA) Financial Contrast Finisar Co. (FNSR) Receives $37.71 Average PT from Brokerages Gildan Activewear Inc (GIL) Receives $35.11 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Traders Buy High Volume of Procter & Gamble Co Call Options (PG) June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) saw unusually large options trading on Tuesday. Stock investors acquired 823 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of 294% compared to the average daily volume of 209 call options. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) opened at 88.59 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $226.58 billion, a PE ratio of 16.29 and a beta of 0.64. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $87.40 and a 200 day moving average price of $87.26. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52 week low of $80.95 and a 52 week high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.94 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The firm had revenue of $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.70 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.86 EPS. The firm’s revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Friday, April 21st were given a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.11%. This is a boost from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 19th. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is 48.73%. A number of research analysts have commented on the company. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price target on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. B. Riley cut Procter & Gamble Co to a “neutral” rating and set a $91.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Stifel Nicolaus decreased their price target on Procter & Gamble Co from $88.00 to $87.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $103.00 price target (up from $101.00) on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $92.90. In related news, insider Ioannis Skoufalos sold 3,879 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.17, for a total value of $334,253.43. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Patrice Louvet sold 3,837 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $333,819.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 46,913 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,081,431. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 199,891 shares of company stock valued at $17,276,637 over the last quarter. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Aviance Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 291.8% in the first quarter. Aviance Capital Management LLC now owns 19,490 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,751,000 after buying an additional 14,516 shares during the period. Seaward Management Limited Partnership boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 3.0% in the first quarter. Seaward Management Limited Partnership now owns 167,655 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,063,000 after buying an additional 4,958 shares during the period. Franklin Parlapiano Turner & Welch LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the first quarter worth $3,837,000. Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.9% in the first quarter. Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC now owns 630,443 shares of the company’s stock worth $56,645,000 after buying an additional 5,888 shares during the period. Finally, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.6% in the first quarter. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ now owns 476,895 shares of the company’s stock worth $42,849,000 after buying an additional 2,636 shares during the period. 68.33% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/traders-buy-high-volume-of-procter-gamble-co-call-options-pg.html. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s Largest Position Grassi Investment Management Purchases 22,751 Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Winslow Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Position Boosted by Bank of Montreal Can Bonness Enterprises Inc. Maintains Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) is Moreno Evelyn V’s 9th Largest Position Teachers Advisors LLC Has $1.12 Million Position in Medifast Inc (MED) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Kelly Services, Inc. (KELYA) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Grand Canyon Education Inc (LOPE) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Life Storage Inc (LSI) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Centurylink Inc (CTL) Debt Trading 2.2% Lower Seaport Global Securities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc Lowered by Analyst (SUPN) Masimo Co. (MASI) Short Interest Down 24.7% in May Short Interest in iShares iBoxx $ High Yid Corp Bond (HYG) Expands By 30.7% Walgreens Boots Alliance Target of Unusually High Options Trading (WBA) Traders Buy Shares of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) on Weakness After Insider Selling AmTrust Financial Services Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (AFSI) Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of Broadcom Put Options (AVGO) Winslow Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Winslow Asset Management Inc. decreased its position in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 3.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 4,679 shares of the company’s stock after selling 159 shares during the period. Winslow Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $420,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in PG. Empirical Finance LLC purchased a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $101,000. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. purchased a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $149,000. New Capital Management LP purchased a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $210,000. Finally, Loudon Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Loudon Investment Management LLC now owns 2,515 shares of the company’s stock worth $211,000 after buying an additional 48 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 88.59 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $226.58 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.29 and a beta of 0.64. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $87.40 and a 200 day moving average of $87.26. Procter & Gamble Co has a one year low of $80.95 and a one year high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.94 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business had revenue of $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.70 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.86 earnings per share. Procter & Gamble Co’s quarterly revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Friday, April 21st were paid a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.11%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 19th. This is an increase from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 48.73%. WARNING: “Winslow Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/winslow-asset-management-inc-cuts-position-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. A number of research analysts have recently issued reports on PG shares. Vetr cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $84.90 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $99.00 to $101.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, Evercore ISI restated an “underweight” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $92.90. In related news, insider Ioannis Skoufalos sold 3,879 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Monday, May 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.17, for a total transaction of $334,253.43. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Patrice Louvet sold 29,621 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.01, for a total transaction of $2,547,702.21. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 76,651 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,592,752.51. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 199,891 shares of company stock valued at $17,276,637 in the last three months. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections News Obituaries State Courts/Police Data Center Business Coughlin School Work: W-B Area school projects Graduation Amazing Kids From the Archives Sports Varsity Voice Varsity570 Gameface RailRiders Penguins College Hooper Award Classic Wildlife Penn State National Sports Pro Golf Arts & Living Community JumpStart! Bazaars Calendar Games People Food and Drink Schools Hot Shot Couponing Blogs Penn State Blog RailRiders Varsity Voice Penguins Insider College Corner Take 2 Blog Editor's Note Photo Blog Wildlife Blog Facebook The Citizens' Voice CV Sports JumpStart! Pittston Progress NEPA Bazaars Submit Send in community announcements, new tips, weddings, engagements and anniversaries Opinion Editorials Letters Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Contact Presspass Become a carrier Trial Print Subscriptions Print Advertising Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace e-Edition Subscribe READ THE CITIZENS' VOICE Access the Citizens' Voice e-Edition on your computer or smart device in its original print format. Home delivery subscribers can read it free! Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Citizens' Voice on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at citizensvoice.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. News • Obituaries • Sports • Arts & Living • Opinion • Contact • e-Edition • Classifieds Business Briefcase POLL Do you like to go bowling? Yes, and I'm an ace. Just for fun -- I'm not very good. Only once in a while. No, I don't like it. Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. The Citizens' Voice Tweets by @CitizensVoice Facebook Like us to get local news and more delivered to your news feed. (read more) Most Read Recent Comments Diocese: Kingston priest resigns over misuse of parish funds Girls basketball: Gibbons, Aufiero earn all-state honors Pair of area Payless stores on possible closure list W-B police investigating possible sexual assault of girl, 3 Police: Woman kicked officer following crash Obituaries LISA ZACCAGNINO / Published: June 4, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     July 18-20: Penn State Wilkes-Barre Continuing Education is currently accepting registrations for its eighth Women in the Sciences and Engineering program (WISE) running from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. each day, with lunch provided. The program is open to 15 girls currently entering grades 6 through 8 in the fall and will be held on the Penn State Wilkes-Barre campus. Funded by Procter & Gamble’s Live, Learn, and Thrive grant, the program is offered for $30 on a first-come, first-served basis. Interested students will be asked to request a teacher’s recommendation by submitting the teacher’s name and work phone number on the registration form. This three-day camp on emerging technology will be taught by Jeffrey Chiampi, a Penn State computer science instructor. Students will start by building and programming Lego robots to complete challenges, experience cutting-edge virtual and augmented reality experiences with the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, use Microsoft Hololens to experience a mixed-reality environment, and build circuits and program them with the Arduino Uno Micro Controller. The WISE program participants will hear from Penn State Wilkes-Barre Admissions Counselor Leslie Livingstone on how it’s never too early to think about post-high-school plans. SUBMIT BUSINESS BRIEFCASE items to business@timesshamrock.com or The Times-Tribune, 149 Penn Ave., Scranton, PA 18503. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 75 N. Washington St. Wilkes-Barre, PA 18701 (570) 821-2000 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Citizens' Voice PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND WILKES-BARRE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump Noah Haglund Sat Jun 3rd, 2017 1:30am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing examiner to take a closer look at plans for a housing development next to a dormant dump where underground fires burned decades ago. The neighborhood east of Everett’s Silver Lake has a long history with the Go-East landfill and Bakerview, the subdivision the landowner has been trying to build. The last time P&G East LLC of Kirkland submitted plans for a 97-home proposal, the hearing examiner sent them back for more study. That was two years ago. In early May, the reworked project re-emerged from the county planning department. Planners decided it would have no significant environmental impact, if the developer follows specific steps. The decision addresses closing the old landfill, rezoning the parcel for residential use and creating a subdivision. The neighbors aren’t convinced, given the landfill’s history. “Several (homeowners association) members will be directly affected by any explosion or fires that may occur due to the release of methane gas that is generated in the landfill or the combustion of other flammable materials, similar to what occurred in the 1970s and 1980s,” their appeal states. Magnesium and old car parts are thought to have contributed to the fires, but no one is certain what’s underground. The dump ceased operations in 1983. It still needs to undergo a formal closure process. The neighbors argue that the county and the Snohomish Health District need to do more work on that front. Also on the neighbors’ list of concerns are the prospect of increased traffic, construction noise, landslide risks, polluted storm runoff and compromised views. They wonder who would be responsible for monitoring the landfill after it closes, and who would pay if something goes wrong. Gary East, who bought the landfill in 1979 with eyes on redeveloping it, has called government requirements to close it “draconian.” East has said neighbors are opposing a plan that promises to improve their area — not make it worse. He also has asked why neighbors make frequent use of the trails crisscrossing the wooded property, if they’re alleging it’s dangerous. The appeal was filed May 22 by the homeowners associations for 108th Street Point and Kings Ridge. Together, they include about 150 homes, many alongside the proposed building site. No hearing date has been set. The houses wouldn’t be directly on top of the old landfill, but on a different part of the property on the 4300 block of 108th Street SE, outside Everett city limits. About two-thirds of the 40-acre site would remain as open space or buffers.   Most Read Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 charged after scuffle over stolen meat and a stab in the eye MARYSVILLE — A Snohomish woman was indignant that a grocery store manager… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Diana Hefley Anchor Pub hosts nontraditional church services once a month EVERETT — Their beliefs are traditional, but not much else. Judson and… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Rikki King Snohomish family’s roses have adorned Sorticulture for 16 years Make sure you stop to smell the roses at Sorticulture. Literally. Antique… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Sara Bruestle Woman with apparent mental illness charged with harassment LYNNWOOD — She came out of her apartment with a 9-inch kitchen… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Scott North © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: News Osinbajo, Amosun task companies to source raw materials locally Published June 3, 2017June 3, 2017 Share Tweet Share Pin it +1 Osinbajo during the Democracy Day address. The Acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, has called on manufacturing companies in the country to source their raw materials locally and reduce the importation of same to cut their cost of production and maximise profit. Speaking during the inauguration of Procter and Gamble factory in Agbara, Ogun State, on Thursday, Osinbajo said this would guarantee their viability and security in their host communities. A statement on Friday by the Commissioner for Information and Strategy in the state, Adedayo Adeneye, noted that the acting President, who commended the company’s efforts in the area of corporate social responsibility, especially on its safety water and hygiene initiatives, called on the company to do more. Earlier in his speech, Ogun State Governor, Senator Ibikunle Amosun, said the state had attracted the largest foreign direct investment in Nigeria, noting that this was a testament to the ease of doing business in the state. While promising that the state government would fix the Atan – Lusada – Agbara Road, he asked the companies in the axis to invest part of their profit in the project. He reiterated the call by the acting President on companies operating in the state to source their raw materials locally, in order to reduce production cost and maximise profit. The Managing Director, Procter and Gamble, Mr. George Nassar, appreciated the efforts of the Federal Government and Ogun State in particular, for their efforts in boosting the ease of doing business in the country. Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected]   Share Tweet Pin it +1 economy FG to raise VAT on champagne, other luxury items Stopping the looming economic implosion UNIDO to support Nigeria’s special economic zones, MSMEs Osinbajo seeks private sector’s support to revamp economy CBN extends stamp duty collection to savings accounts Recession has eaten up our 18,000 minimum wage – NLC Fashola: There is nothing to celebrate yet Inflation rate drops to 17.24% – NBS Trending Senate plans to invite CBN, banks over high interest rates Robbers kill bank agent, withdraw N2m from account Alleged bribery tape: Melaye, judge must come clean, says Adeyemi Lagos pupils’ abduction: Police locate kidnappers’ den, victims Presidency not wrong by delayed budget signing – Rep Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Meet Warren Buffett's 2 Trusted Stock Pickers This pair is likely to take over Berkshire’s investment portfolio after the Oracle of Omaha is gone. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Jun 4, 2017 at 8:03AM Warren Buffett is well known for his stock-picking acumen. As I wrote in a recent article, some of Buffett's stock investments have increased more than tenfold since he bought them for Berkshire Hathaway's (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) portfolio. So it may surprise you to learn that it's not only Buffett calling the shots in Berkshire's stock portfolio anymore. Within the past several years, Buffett has added two stock-pickers to the mix, and they've been responsible for some of Berkshire's most notable recent stock investments. Here's a quick background on Ted Weschler and Todd Combs, and what the pair's role could evolve into, especially when Buffett is no longer running Berkshire. Warren Buffett loves running Berkshire Hathaway, but he knows he won't be around forever. Image source: The Motley Fool. Meet Ted and Todd For much of the time Buffett has been at the helm of Berkshire Hathaway, he has managed the company's stock portfolio all by himself. However, that has changed in recent years with the hiring of two investment managers, Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, who were hired in 2010 and 2011, respectively. Both men are hedge fund veterans with impressive track records. For example, Weschler's fund delivered 1,236% in gains in just 11 years before he closed it -- roughly 9 times the gain of Buffett's stock portfolio during the same time frame. Combs ran a hedge fund from 2005 to 2010, and his returns over that period were 34%. That may not sound too impressive, but recall that this time period contained the Great Recession, and the S&P 500's total return was just 2.9% for those years, so it's fair to say that Combs' fund beat the market by a considerable margin. A significant component of Buffett's investment strategy is to consistently beat the market in bad years, so this may be one factor that made Combs attractive for the position. Weschler initially met Buffett as the winner of two charity auctions, in 2010 and 2011, where the prize was a lunch with Buffett himself. Weschler's winning bids: $2,626,311 and $2,626,411 -- a total of more than $5.2 million. Reportedly, Weschler's investment success -- and, more importantly, how he achieved it -- impressed Buffett at the lunches. The results have been strong so far Buffett told CNBC in an interview that hiring the pair is "one of the best decisions that Charlie [Munger] and I have ever made." He's even gone so far as to say that "they've made more money than I would have" with the capital they've been entrusted with. Weschler has reportedly opened Buffett's eyes to sectors he had previously avoided, specifically technology. For example, Buffett's Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) investment started as a roughly $1 billion stake in early 2016 and was reportedly initiated by Weschler. Buffett himself has increased the position many times over since then. Combs has also changed Buffett's thinking in a few instances. It was Combs who reportedly convinced Buffett to acquire the Duracell battery brand and get rid of Berkshire's position in Procter & Gamble (NYSE: PG) stock. And the pair have made some pretty successful investments for Berkshire themselves in their relatively short tenure. For example, their first notable win was DIRECTV, of which about 36.5 million shares were acquired in the ball park of $42 to $47 per share. The bulk of it was converted into AT&T stock and cash when the telecom giant acquired the company in 2015, at a valuation of more than $93 per share. Increasing responsibilities Since Weschler and Combs started at Berkshire, they have been given an increasing amount of Berkshire's money to invest. As of Buffett's 2016 letter to shareholders, each man manages over $10 billion -- about $21 billion altogether, which includes $7.6 billion of the pension trust assets of Berkshire subsidiaries. This is still a small fraction of Berkshire's roughly $150 billion stock portfolio, but it's far more than the $2 billion Buffett says they started with. And Buffett stresses that each manages this money independently. In fact, Buffett says he usually doesn't learn about investment decisions they've made until he looks at Berkshire's monthly trade sheets. In addition to their stock-picking responsibilities, both men have some of Berkshire's operating subsidiaries reporting directly to them, Combs confirmed in a recent interview. Their future role at Berkshire After Buffett picked Berkshire's stock investments himself for years, it may seem strange that he would reduce his role. However, it's important to point out that the reason Weschler (who is 56) and Combs (46) have been brought on, and given an increasingly large sum of money to invest, is that Buffett wants to make sure Berkshire's investment methods live on long after he's no longer at the helm. In his 2014 shareholder letter, which marked 50 years of the Buffettera at Berkshire, Buffett laid out his vision for the next 50 years of Berkshire. In the discussion, Buffett said that in the area of investments, "We are in fine shape for decades to come," referring to Weschler and Combs as "first-rate in all respects." He also said that they would continue to handle Berkshire's investment decisions and will be of particular help to the next CEO in evaluating acquisitions. To sum it up, if you were wondering what Buffett's plans are for the future of Berkshire's closely watched stock portfolio once he's no longer at the helm, these two investment managers are it. And if their early performance is any indicator, it looks as if Berkshire investors will have their money in good hands. Matthew Frankel owns shares of Apple and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Jun 4, 2017 at 8:03AM Financials Stocks Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $249,660.00 down $-340.00 (-0.14%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $166.29 down $0.37 (-0.22%) AT&T NYSE:T $38.87 no change (0.00%) Read More Back from Berkshire: A Fool's Take Is This the Toughest Question Warren Buffett Can Expect This Weekend? 3 Big Trends Buffett Sees in the Stock Market Here's What Warren Buffett Is Buying and Selling 7 Companies Where Warren Buffett Owns More Than 10% Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Meet Warren Buffett's 2 Trusted Stock Pickers @themotleyfool #stocks $BRK-A, $BRK-B, $T
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations Opinion Commentary: Trust scientists, believe that Paris climate accord will protect our future Sean Gallup / Getty Images BERLIN, GERMANY: Members of the German Greens Party protest outside the U.S. Embassy against the announcement by President Donald Trump that he will pull the U.S. out of the Paris Agreement. BERLIN, GERMANY: Members of the German Greens Party protest outside the U.S. Embassy against the announcement by President Donald Trump that he will pull the U.S. out of the Paris Agreement. (Sean Gallup / Getty Images) Susan Schaidt AverillMy Word columnist Privacy Policy Many Americans are finding it hard to understand why President Trump is withdrawing our nation from the Paris climate agreement. We now stand with Nicaragua and Syria as one of three countries not supporting this pact. The objective of the Paris accord is to combat the impact of human activity on our planet's air, land and water. All of these resources are in scarce supply, and, frankly, there is no Planet B as a fallback position. You don't have to believe in gravity in order for the laws of gravity to apply. You don't have to grasp Ohm's Law to turn on a light. When traveling by airplane, you don't have to know anything about lift and drag for the plane to take off. The Earth operates under the laws and rules of science whether you acknowledge them or not. Joshua C. Cruey / Orlando Sentinel Susan Schaidt Averill of Altamonte Springs is a retired school administrator. Susan Schaidt Averill of Altamonte Springs is a retired school administrator. (Joshua C. Cruey / Orlando Sentinel) Part of the reason for the president's action is a concern for traditional fossil fuel-based technologies. Trump campaigned on bringing back jobs in the coal industry and relaxing regulations on energy production. This withdrawal is part of his efforts to make good on his promises. However, referring to clean coal does not make it exist, nor will it make coal a lower-cost energy option than natural gas. Reducing restrictions such as allowing coal sludge to be dumped in waterways and streams will not necessarily create jobs. So far, all that the president has accomplished for miners is to jeopardize their health care by proposing cuts in Medicaid support and not guaranteeing affordable coverage for preexisting conditions. Dropping out of this international agreement will not avoid either of these potential disasters in coal country. Our participation in the accords is supported by a number of the most powerful business leaders in our country. Last month 30 CEOs at companies including Tesla, Procter & Gamble Co., Bank of America, 3M and Dow Chemical wrote an open letter to Trump, pleading their case for remaining in this effort. Although one of the reasons given for our withdrawal was that the pact was bad for American business, these entrepreneurs think our participation would have the opposite effect. Another supporter of U.S. participation is the Exxon Corp. These companies include some the largest industrial companies as well as huge Wall Street bankers and investors. At this time, green energy is the largest producer of new jobs in the United States. By supporting the Paris accord and pursuing solar and wind innovations, we could become the dominant world supplier of these technologies. We could make America great in this arena. Instead, we are choosing to pull back. Scientists understand these principles; and in dealing with the physical conditions of our world, we need to follow their lead. Right now, scientists have given us enough information to see that the Paris climate agreement would protect our future on Planet Earth. Whether you believe in global warming or climate change is a moot point. You must believe, however, that clean air, water and soil are essential to public health and the future well-being of our country. We must support actions that will protect our future and not sacrifice it to profit motives and isolation from the world community. Susan Schaidt Averill of Altamonte Springs is a retired school administrator. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Central America Paris Climate Accord Donald Trump I got pregnant. I chose to keep my baby. And my Christian school humiliated me. Pictures: Watch out! Florida is a dangerous place to live A little girl's butterfly skin and 'the worst disease you've never heard of' News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 75°
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Jefferies Sees Beauties And Beasts In The Modern Cosmetic Space Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 03, 2017 9:16am   Comments Share: Jefferies initiatedcoverage of several companies in the modern cosmetic space, assigning Buy ratings to Ulta Beauty Inc (NASDAQ: ULTA), e.l.f. Beauty Inc (NYSE: ELF) and Estee Lauder Companies Inc (NYSE: EL). Meanwhile, Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PBH), Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SBH), Coty Inc (NYSE: COTY) and Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ: IPAR) were rated Hold. Ulta Beauty: Compelling Way to Play Superior Growth Rate Analyst Stephanie Wissink sees Ulta Beauty as the best way to play mid-single-digit, or MSD, rate of change in beauty category. The analyst thinks the company's shares offer a compelling way to play the superior rate of growth in beauty – across brands, categories and applications. The analyst reasoned that the high valuation reflects growth scarcity and outstanding execution. On top of the $9.80 per share in earnings per share Jefferies models for 2019, it sees $3-$5 in annual CRM monetization value potential. The firm also pointed out that the company's 20+ percent organic growth is meaningfully better than the industry's 4 percent growth. "Traffic counts continue to drive nearly 75 percent of comp sales value — a trend we expect to continue. ATV (brand mix and services) is a strong secondary lever," the analyst added. E.l.f. Beauty: Compelling Sales Growth & Superior Margins Jefferies thinks e.l.f. Beauty is among few SMid cap ways to play MSD+ beauty category growth, with the company offering superior 22 percent EBITDA margin profile for its size. Additionally, the firm said the company has compelling and clear 20%+ sales growth drivers. Brand equity is building virally and on digital platforms, while M&A backdrop is a backstop, the firm said. Favoring Estee Lauder's Organic And Inorganic Growth Wissink said she favors Estee Lauder's organic and M&A-complemented growth, with value unlock initiative leading it forward. While the analyst sees limited multiple expansion, she bets on earnings and sales upside for the company. Jefferies believes capital efficiency mandate is driving Estee Lauder forward. Notwithstanding the recent appreciation in shares, the firm still sees the shares as offering value over the next one to two years. Coty's Earnings & Sales Variability Justify Discounted Valuation Jefferies is of the view Coty's sales and earnings variability over the next one to two years following its merger with Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE: PG)‘s specialty beauty business in the second half of 2016 justifies discounted multiple. The firm feels the consumer segment, which is lagging, would be the stock driver. That said, the firm holds the view that weakness would prolong the time it will take the company to reach its earnings per share target and would weigh on confidence. Additionally, the firm believes fundamentals would remain volatile. Prestige Brands: Organic And Deleverage-Driven Near Term Jefferies termed Prestige Brands as a leading niche brand development company in the low-single digit consumer products healthcare category. The firm said it favors shift toward higher growth OTC and daily use areas. While noting that organic growth is trending around 2–2.5 percent, the firm said acquisitions too are helping. However, the firm sees volatility in the legacy business. Cautious On Sally Beauty's Long Term Jefferies expressed caution regarding model structure, store densities, rising labor costs, and competition in the long term. The firm feels structural issues require time and capital to address. The firm made a mention of disintermediation risk, as productivity declines and sales quality worsens. Meanwhile, the firm sees near-term offsets from cost restructuring, price increases, and vendor discounts. That said, the firm indicated that comps is moderating and that the bulk of the earnings per share growth in the past came from share repurchases. Inter Parfums Fairly Valued For Current Risk-Reward Jefferies initiated coverage of Inter Parfums at Hold. The firm believes the stock is fairly valued for current risk-reward. Though it sees improvement in the financial profile, the firm said 2017 includes difficult compares which may handicap the multiple & earnings per share near term. Ratings/Price Target Ulta Beauty: Raised to Buy from Hold/Hiked to $350 from $266. E.l.f Beauty: Initiated at Buy/$30. Estee Lauder: Raised to Buy from Hold/Lifted to $110 from $95. Coty: Hold/$17. Prestige Brands: Raised to Hold from Underperform/Lifted to $54 from $45. Sally Beauty: Initiated at Hold/$18. Inter Parfums: Initiated at Hold/$35. Related Links: Should Ulta Beauty Split Its Stock? Ulta Beauty's Stock Is A Beast Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Upgrades Initiation Reiteration Top Stories Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (EL + COTY) Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For June 2, 2017 Snapchat Effect Gives Booming Cosmetic Industry A Makeover 20 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session Earnings Scheduled For May 10, 2017 Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For May 5, 2017 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 AMD, NVDA: Why Is Advanced Micro Devices Slashing Prices Of Ryzen 7 Chips? 2 SGYP: Thoughts On Synergy Pharma's Valuation As Cantor Initiates At... 3 BRCD, AVGO: Analysts Are Pumped About Broadcom's Double Beat 4 ADI: Analog Devices Retreats Hard From All-Time High After... 5 WLL, COTY: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For... 6 AAPL: Even If You Expect An iPhone 'Super... 7 INTC, BBRY: Citron's Andrew Left Hits... 1 SBH, IPAR: Jefferies Sees Beauties And Beasts In The Modern Cosmetic Space 2 P, CBS: What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media Empires? 3 FAS, XLF: An Adventurous June Idea For A Faltering Sector 4 AAPL: Even If You Expect An iPhone 'Super Cycle',... 5 INTC, NVDA: Why Is Advanced Micro Devices Slashing Pric... 6 XLK: MIT Researchers Make Strides In Robotic Limbs 7 CWH: Credit Suisse Reiterates Outperform O... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media Empires?
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE Technology notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home News Apps Science And Future FOR YOU Trending Google Chrome Will Be Blocking Invasive And Annoying Ads From 2018, Even The Ones From... 278 SHARES Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > Technology > News Google Chrome Will Be Blocking Invasive And Annoying Ads From 2018, Even The Ones From Google Gwyn D'Mello June 03, 2017 278 SHARES If you’re a Google Chrome user, get ready to see much fewer ads online next year.  Image courtesy: Daniel Oines/Flickr In a bold decision, Google has announced that it’s going to start blocking ads (including its own) that are too invasive and annoying. A lot of Google’s revenue comes from its online advertisements, but that business is being threatened by the rise in usage of ad blockers. Blockers come in the form of extensions so you don’t even have to install new software, just add the mod to your browser. Major ad publishers have realised that a major reason for the popularity of these ad blockers is because of how annoying some of the, can be. From the autoplaying videos, to the gigantic banners that block have the webpage, there’s nothing more annoying than an ad trying to aggressively force you to view its content before you get to what you want.  Google understands this and, in 2016, it joined with the likes of Facebook, Procter & Gamble, Unilever, The Washington Post and major advertising groups to form a union called the Coalition for Better Ads. The idea was to find a balance between ads that make money and don’t annoy the viewer. Now, Google has revealed just what it plans to do to help enforce this standard of advertising. "We plan to have Chrome stop showing ads (including those owned or served by Google) on websites that are not compliant with the Better Ads standards starting in early 2018,” Google’s senior VP of ads and commerce Sridhar Ramaswamy said in a blog post. It’s a bold step for Google to take, considering it has one of the biggest ad distribution platforms online. However, the move does show that even Google is worried about how far online ads may go, given the current trend. Ads liable to be blocked include those that autoplay videos with sound, pop-ups, ones that cover the web content until a timer counts down, and large ads that cover the page even when you scroll. On mobile devices, the list also includes ads that cover more than 30 percent of the screen as well as ones that flash. Don't Miss With 6.5Mbps Average Internet Speed, India Ranks 89th In The World, Behind Sri Lanka & Vietnam 3.6K SHARES 'Aliens Aren't Just Real, They've Already Visited Us,' Believes Aerospace Billionaire From US 1.3K SHARES Indians Spend The Most Time Online On Android In The World & Are Obsessed With WhatsApp & Jio 1.2K SHARES Next Mass Extinction Of Life On Earth Will Be Brought By Growing Human Population, Say... 1.1K SHARES Curiosity Rover Finds That A Stratified Lake Existed On Mars Three Billion Years Ago 235 SHARES 278 SHARES PROMOTED STORIES State Farm Insurance Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm® Newspapers.com What were the headlines on the day you were born? Lonny The Inside Of Leonardo Dicaprio's House Is Far From What Y.. True Activist Wackiest Japanese Inventions You Have to See to Believe Intel Control an LED with IoT JumpWay [Tutorial] Gerber Life Insurance Company You Can't Hold Your Child's Hand Forever. Give the Gift th.. just in Science And Future Researchers "Hack" A Dragonfly To Turn It Into A Miniature Remote-Controlled Cyborg Drone Partner 5.9K SHARES India Vs Pakistan: 5 Reasons Why You Absolutely Cannot Miss The India-Pakistan Match Apps 181 SHARES This App Turns Your Smartphone Camera Into A Smart Document Scanner Unlike Any Other Out There News Parents Have No Right To Dead Child's Facebook Account, According To A German Court Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance Science And Future 171 SHARES We Should Stop Worrying About Robots Taking Our Jobs And Start Asking Ourselves: What Next? Partner 5.1K SHARES Ranbir Kapoor’s Latest Travel Video Is Something Every Traveller Must Watch. We Are Definitely Loving It News Ethiopia Has Shut Down Its Internet Nationwide To Prevent Students From Cheating In Exams News 457 SHARES Play A Game Of Cricket, With Crickets, In Google's Latest Doodle For The ICC Champion's Trophy The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter News 182 SHARES Microsoft Hosts India's First Accessibility Summit For Tech Access To The Differently-Abled News This Working Holographic Model Of Microsoft's Cortana Digital Assistant Is Simply Amazing! Apps Researchers Have Built An AI That Can Turn Your Face Into An Animated, Talking Bronze Statue Gadgets Android Co-Founder Andy Rubin Revealed The Slickest Phone That He Feels Is Essential For All These 3 Electricity Saving Tips Will Save You A Fortune Womens Article   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE celebscoop Sorry Bebo! But It Was Taimur Ali Khan Who Was The Real Star On The Internet This Week Isha Sharma 23.2K SHARES india Setting A Great Example Of Harmony, A Temple In Kerala Holds Iftar For Muslims Who Helped... Bobins Abraham 46K SHARES celebscoop 11 Photos That Prove Sonakshi Sinha Is The Ultimate Instagram Queen Saloni Singh 42.4K SHARES Ad The 20 Most Generous Billionaires In The World AfriZap india Hindus & Muslims Join Hands To Remove Loudspeakers From Places Of Worship In Moradabad Village Nazar Abbas 17.2K SHARES Entertainment This Video Of College Girls From Odisha Dancing On Rahman’s Muqabala Is Breaking The... Garima Satija 30.5K SHARES Sports As Everyone's Eyes Are Fixed On India Vs Pakistan, B Sai Praneeth Makes Heads Turn By Winning... Prabhjeet Singh Sethi 14.5K SHARES Ad Top Destinations for a Lazy Vacation www.bleubloom.com india Afroz Shah, Who Initiated Versova Beach Clean Up, Vows To Clean 19 Beaches In Mumbai Seema Mattoo 13.6K SHARES world Ireland Chooses An Indian-Origin Gay Doctor To Be Its Next Prime Minister. And He's Just 38-YO Indiatimes 20K SHARES india Home Minister Breaks Protocol, Hugs BSF Jawan Who Sustained 85% Disability While Fighting... Indiatimes 22.3K SHARES Ad See What Victoria Principal Looks Like Now And Try Not To .. EdgeTrends OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Daily Life Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store Beauty News Makeup & Nails Hair Skincare Home Lifestyle Beauty June 3 2017 Save Print License article Where will makeup be in five year's time? Stephanie Darling facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Makeup is constantly on the move; with new formulations, state-of-the-art applicators and souped-up pigments, but what's on the agenda for the future? Go lightly SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link We're moving into an era of customisation. Photo: Stocksy Makeup products en masse are heavy; my handbag makeup kit is definitely testament to this. The way of the future is smaller packaging with more intense pigmentation. One advocate of this is makeup artist Troy Surratt who has designed his own line of pint-sized palettes (think mobile phone-sized) that fit perfectly into your hand. His best selling eye shadow palette features six wearable shades from nude to metallic black to help lighten your load. Shideido's makeup director Dick Page also has size on his mind. He told Refinery29: "If you can start with an intense color, then you can achieve a smaller product with more payoff. My dream is to have this high-intensity pigment idea, but something with portability." Watch this space. Lightweight makeup is also a passion of Page's. "Water is an interesting new delivery system for makeup," he says. "Mostly, it's the comfort factor. It's very lightweight." The only issue with water-based products is keeping them stable. There is still a way to go with developing this concept. Colour it up  Advertisement Dick Page predicts a move back to colour, with even classic neutral shades evolving to a more interesting hue. "We're pushing beige into a more yellow tone and seeing what happens," says Page. "We'll take a hazelnut to a deep grey-brown. We're asking questions: 'What can you do with grey?' 'What can you do with mauve?'" Custom foundation No matter how many foundation options are out there, getting the perfect match is often a result of doing a bit of a custom blend at home particularly if you are at either end of the skin tone spectrum. Erin McCarthy, who heads up product development at Ardency Inn, has developed a Custom Coverage Concentrate, a custom tint that you can add to any moisturiser to create the perfect base. This groundbreaking concentrate lets you to custom-build your coverage by varying the amount of pigment you add to your moisturiser. You can start with a tinted moisturiser consistency by adding a drop of concentrate into your moisturiser and just keep adding to create a full-blown foundation. Personalised makeup Perfect matching is certainly the way of the near future. Procter & Gamble's Sarah Vickery is a principal scientist for research and development and she says. "We can certainly see [a time] when women will just be able to go up to a device, get their photo taken, and that device matches them to the product they should use," she says. In fact Sephora and Pantone have recently piloted this concept. Vickery also says, "As things like plastic surgery...become more commonplace, our beauty ideals [will] shift a little bit. You will see technologies that will exaggerate feminine features." So lip plumpers are one example. Imagine this effect on cheeks with a plumping blush?   This will also impact on customised brush applicators: think lash wands you can dial up with your exact specifications (volume, length, separation) and personalised makeup brushes. Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Where will makeup be in five year's time?. Advertisement Most Popular Prince Charles' letters to Nancy Reagan reveal 'Greek tragedy' of marriage The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Why I don't believe men when they say they want flexibility at work Corby selling parole papers on eBay for child-rescue group Follow Daily Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide LifeStyle The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Prince Charles' letters to Nancy Reagan reveal 'Greek tragedy' of marriage The question about race Australians need to stop asking Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work WA Today Cheesed-off customer slams Perth restaurant's 'European nachos' Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Perth pizza robber said family was hungry Ben Cousins' ex says she committed him to psych ward John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore The Sydney Morning Herald London attack: What we know so far John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck The Age Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Margaret Court the guest speaker at Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne Knife-wielding terrorists kill seven in bloody rampage US cities, states and companies commit to Paris Accord Brisbane Times Woman's leg degloved in horror yacht accident The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see 'Non-viable' twins cling to life amid anger at hospital Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck Canberra Times Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Man arrested after double hit-and-run in Yarralumla Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work 'Betrayed': Couple's hopes dashed after forking out $10,000 We sent a plus-size mum to the Fashfest model casting WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Dollar General Celebrates Grand Opening in Janesville, Wisconsin, of its 14th Distribution Center By Published: June 3, 2017 2:33 p.m. ET Share Major retailer invests $100 million and creates more than 500 jobs to support Midwest stores GOODLETTSVILLE, Tenn., Jun 03, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- This morning, nearly 1,000 Dollar General DG, +0.92% employees, their families and company executives were joined by U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan along with state and local dignitaries to celebrate the grand opening in Janesville, Wisconsin, of the discount retailer’s 14 [th] distribution center. The distribution center represents a local investment of approximately $100 million and the creation of more than 500 local jobs. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170603005047/en/ “Dollar General is excited to celebrate the grand opening of our Janesville distribution center and it is an honor to welcome Speaker Ryan to our facility as well as state and local leaders who supported this project,” said Todd Vasos, Dollar General’s chief executive officer. “We have built a strong team in Janesville, and this new facility strengthens our distribution network and our ability to serve customers. We are delighted to have a strong presence in Wisconsin and look forward to a longstanding partnership with the community as we continue to focus on our mission of Serving Others.” Construction began on the approximately one-million-square-foot facility in November 2015 and shipping from the facility began in January 2017. The Janesville distribution center serves approximately 800 stores in nine states in the upper Midwest. With the completion of this project and its more than 130 store locations in the state, Dollar General now has more than 1,300 employees in the state of Wisconsin. Negotiations with the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation, and local and county representatives produced an incentive package that ultimately solidified Dollar General’s commitment to Wisconsin. “Congratulations to Dollar General on the opening of its new facility, which is creating hundreds of new jobs in the region. It will have a very positive impact on Rock County and the rest of the state,” said Governor Scott Walker. “The pro-business climate in Wisconsin is attracting more companies like Dollar General to our state, which is part of the reason Chief Executive Magazine just placed us on its Top 10 list of the Best States for Business.” “I am thrilled Dollar General has decided to build its new distribution center in my hometown, Janesville,” said House Speaker Paul Ryan. “I believe the employees and employers in the Badger State can compete with anyone, and with pro-growth policies like tax and regulatory reform, we can help to continue to create jobs.” As part of the celebration, Dollar General donated $10,000 to the Hedberg Public Library to support its literacy and outreach initiatives. “Dollar General has been an outstanding addition to our local economy and great community partner,” said Josh Smith, Rock County administrator. “We look forward to continuing to work with them as a strong member of our community for years to come.” “The City of Janesville is proud to be able to say that it is home to a key component of one of the fastest growing retailers in the United States,” said Gale Price, economic development director, City of Janesville. “In addition to the over 500 jobs that will be added to the Janesville and Rock County economy, Dollar General and its employees are engaged in important community activities that help make Janesville a community of choice.” Dollar General’s 13 other distribution centers are located in Alachua, Florida; Ardmore, Oklahoma; Bessemer, Alabama; Bethel, Pennsylvania; Fulton, Missouri; Indianola, Mississippi; Jonesville, South Carolina; Lebec, California; Marion, Indiana; San Antonio, Texas; Scottsville, Kentucky; South Boston, Virginia; and Zanesville, Ohio. The company has begun construction on its 15th distribution center in Jackson, Georgia, and is planning for its 16 [th] distribution center in Amsterdam, New York. Clayco Inc. served as general contractor for the Janesville distribution center. Leo A Daly did the building design and Élan Design Lab, Inc. did the civil design work. For additional information, photographs or items to supplement a story, please contact the Media Relations Department at 1-877-944-DGPR (3477) or via email at dgpr@dg.com. About Dollar General Corporation Dollar General Corporation has been delivering value to shoppers for over 75 years. Dollar General helps shoppers Save time. Save money. Every day!® by offering products that are frequently used and replenished, such as food, snacks, health and beauty aids, cleaning supplies, clothing for the family, housewares and seasonal items at low everyday prices in convenient neighborhood locations. Dollar General operated 13,601 stores in 44 states as of May 5, 2017. In addition to high quality private brands, Dollar General sells products from America’s most-trusted brands such as Procter & Gamble, Kimberly-Clark, Unilever, Kellogg’s, General Mills, Nabisco, Hanes, PepsiCo and Coca-Cola. Learn more about Dollar General at www.dollargeneral.com. Follow Dollar General: Facebook Twitter Pinterest View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170603005047/en/ SOURCE: Dollar General Corporation"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@DollarGeneral Dollar General Corporation Media Hotline, 877-944-DGPR (3477) Dan MacDonald | dmacdona@dg.com Crystal Ghassemi, APR | cghassem@dg.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References DG +0.72 +0.92% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dollar General Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DG $78.91 +0.72 (+0.92%) Volume 3.7M Open $78.61 High $79.28 Low $77.84 P/E Ratio 17.81 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 21.7B
