Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Is Procter & Gamble Dead in the Water? If you bought P&G anytime in the last two years, selling now means getting out exactly where you got in -- costing you time, if not money. TheStreet Staff Feb 8, 2017 6:01 AM EST They say a rising tide lifts all boats. But the post-election rally seems to have missed Procter & Gamble (PG) . The consumer giant ticked up just 1% in the days after the election as the Dow roared past 20,000. Even with that, nearly half of Wall Street experts say P&G is a buy. The other half says it is a hold. Only Goldman Sachs is slapping P&G stocks with a sell rating.  Of course, if you bought P&G anytime in the last two years, selling now means getting out exactly where you got in, costing you time, if not money. Think this is the time to buy? Just know that P&G is several multiples more expensive than its consumer-staple peers. Add to that downside risk of 9%, Goldman said.  This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Procter & Gamble Has Moved Higher, but Is Still Buyable Stay long and look to add on strength. Bruce Kamich Feb 10, 2017 9:24 AM EST Tesla to Become the Latest American Company to Target India's Monstrous Growth The Indian consumer market has been growing phenomenally. Vicky Huang Feb 9, 2017 11:04 AM EST Publicis' U.S. Woes Taint Final Tenure of Outgoing CEO Maurice Levy Publicis Groupe, the world's third-largest advertising group, revealed a heavy write-down on its U.S. digital business in the final report of outgoing CEO Maurice Levy. Martin Baccardax Feb 9, 2017 10:24 AM EST Kellogg Shares Up After Surprise Earnings Beat The cereal giant also announced that it would move its U.S. snack business to a warehouse model from a direct store delivery network model. Laura Berman Feb 9, 2017 9:49 AM EST Trending 10 Vehicles with the Best Resale Value in 2017 Airline Pilots to Trump: You Promised to Save American Jobs, Now Here's Your Chance Get a First Look at the Dodge Demon -- It Will Probably Be the Fastest Muscle Car Ever at Over 900hp Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Bar Soap and Body Wash Unite for the First Time with NEW DUO from Olay, Ivory and Old Spice CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today Olay, Ivory and Old Spice introduced the latest innovation across Procter & Gamble’s Personal Cleansing Category: DUO. DUO is a dual-sided body cleansing buffer that revolutionizes the look and feel of clean. It is the first time that a brand unites the clean of a bar, the care of a body wash and the experience of a puff to give users a multi-sensory, best of all worlds’ experience. Recent studies have shown the ideal shower experience has evolved over the years. People are seeking products that go beyond basic cleansing; craving more benefits in one step. Bar soaps are perceived to clean well, but can trade-off on delivering soft, smooth skin. Body washes are perceived to lather and nourish well while providing a great scent experience, but can trade-off on deep clean and exfoliation. As a result, 34 percent of men and 44 percent of women in the U.S. say they are using both a bar and body wash in the shower.1 “For over 130 years, from the launch of Ivory bar soap to the introduction of our body wash, Procter & Gamble has delivered innovative products based on evolutions in consumers’ needs,” said Stephanie Robertson, Associate Brand Director, Procter & Gamble North America Personal Cleansing. “The rise of the ‘dual user’ was an indication to us that there is a void in the market, which is leading to compensating behaviors – people using both a bar and body wash. DUOs is our answer to reimagine the shower experience all together.” Celebrated as “the never before seen two-sided clean,” the unique design of DUO boasts a flexible cleanser encapsulated by a two-sided cleaning implement – one side is smooth to soften and condition skin, while the other is scrubby, to exfoliate and renew skin surfaces. The flexible cleanser required a new formula consisting of the best cleaning powers of body wash and beauty bars as well as cellulose fiber to give the product its flexibility allowing it to conform to the body for an even closer clean. The scrubby side includes over 10,000 microscrubbers that provide a deeper clean than a body wash puff, while the soft side provides a cotton-like feel for gentle cleansing. The result is a deep, refreshing clean and noticeably invigorated, soft skin after every use. DUO is available in Olay, Old Spice and Ivory featuring Olay and Old Spice’s most popular scents with Olay Soothing Orchid & Black Currant Spice Swagger and Pure Sport, and introducing a new scent from Ivory with Refreshing Clean. DUO is available now in select mass and food retailers and eCommerce nationwide for $9.99 – $12.99 (MSRP). For more information, visit www.cleansingduos.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. 1 (2015 Global Personal Care Habits & Practices Study, 2015) CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Food and Beverage, Markets, Sports, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Canon Virginia, Inc. Announces Receipt of ISO 13485 Certification and the Launch of Medical Device Contract Manufacturing Services Next PostNext Laser Level Market Overview, Industry Top Manufactures, Market Size, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Bar Soap and Body Wash Unite for the First Time with NEW DUO from Olay, Ivory and Old Spice First NEW cleansing form to be introduced in over 20 years based on evolving consumer habits NEW Olay, Old Spice and Ivory DUO unites the clean of a beauty bar with the care of a body wash. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? NEW Olay, Old Spice and Ivory DUO unites the clean of a beauty bar with the care of a body wash. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail NEW Olay DUO is a dual-sided personal cleaning tool infused with a flexible cleanser inside. One side is scrubby to exfoliate and renew skin while the other side is smooth to soften and condition. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail DUO Fact Sheet PDF February 07, 2017 09:54 AM Eastern Standard Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today Olay, Ivory and Old Spice introduced the latest innovation across Procter & Gamble’s Personal Cleansing Category: DUO. DUO is a dual-sided body cleansing buffer that revolutionizes the look and feel of clean. It is the first time that a brand unites the clean of a bar, the care of a body wash and the experience of a puff to give users a multi-sensory, best of all worlds’ experience. Recent studies have shown the ideal shower experience has evolved over the years. People are seeking products that go beyond basic cleansing; craving more benefits in one step. Bar soaps are perceived to clean well, but can trade-off on delivering soft, smooth skin. Body washes are perceived to lather and nourish well while providing a great scent experience, but can trade-off on deep clean and exfoliation. As a result, 34 percent of men and 44 percent of women in the U.S. say they are using both a bar and body wash in the shower.1 “For over 130 years, from the launch of Ivory bar soap to the introduction of our body wash, Procter & Gamble has delivered innovative products based on evolutions in consumers’ needs,” said Stephanie Robertson, Associate Brand Director, Procter & Gamble North America Personal Cleansing. “The rise of the ‘dual user’ was an indication to us that there is a void in the market, which is leading to compensating behaviors – people using both a bar and body wash. DUOs is our answer to reimagine the shower experience all together.” Celebrated as “the never before seen two-sided clean,” the unique design of DUO boasts a flexible cleanser encapsulated by a two-sided cleaning implement – one side is smooth to soften and condition skin, while the other is scrubby, to exfoliate and renew skin surfaces. The flexible cleanser required a new formula consisting of the best cleaning powers of body wash and beauty bars as well as cellulose fiber to give the product its flexibility allowing it to conform to the body for an even closer clean. The scrubby side includes over 10,000 microscrubbers that provide a deeper clean than a body wash puff, while the soft side provides a cotton-like feel for gentle cleansing. The result is a deep, refreshing clean and noticeably invigorated, soft skin after every use. DUO is available in Olay, Old Spice and Ivory featuring Olay and Old Spice’s most popular scents with Olay Soothing Orchid & Black Currant Spice Swagger and Pure Sport, and introducing a new scent from Ivory with Refreshing Clean. DUO is available now in select mass and food retailers and eCommerce nationwide for $9.99 - $12.99 (MSRP). For more information, visit www.cleansingduos.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. 1 (2015 Global Personal Care Habits & Practices Study, 2015) Contacts Procter & Gamble Lindsey Morahan, 513-983-1654 Morahan.lm@pg.com or Citizen Relations Katelyn Driscoll, 212-613-4933 katelyn.driscoll@citizenrelations.com Release Summary Olay, Ivory and Old Spice introduced the latest innovation across Procter & Gamble’s Personal Cleansing Category: DUO. Contacts Procter & Gamble Lindsey Morahan, 513-983-1654 Morahan.lm@pg.com or Citizen Relations Katelyn Driscoll, 212-613-4933 katelyn.driscoll@citizenrelations.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   World Vision Development Foundation... Press Release Receive press releases from World Vision Development Foundation Inc Philippines: By Email RSS Feeds: World Vision to Respond to Flooded Villages in Agusan del Sur Quezon City, Philippines, February 07, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Following the massive flooding in some areas of Mindanao, World Vision will be distributing clean water kits that include Procter & Gamble (P&G) water purifier packets, filter cloth and jerry cans and hygiene kits in the next days. “We initially aim to assist 2,500 families in the municipalities of La Paz and Loreto, Agusan del Sur. Let’s continue to uphold the families in prayer, those whose houses are still submerged, and especially for the protection of children from water-borne diseases,” says World Vision Acting National Director, Rommel Fuerte. Agusan del Sur is one of the five provinces of Caraga Administrative Region. According to the Field Health Service Information System (FHSIS) of the Department of Health, the ratio of households with access to safe water in the region is 56:100. Of the total households in 2006, only 46.57% have access to community water system while 53.43% have deep and shallow wells as their source of water. The flooding started in the first week of January after tropical storm Auring dumped heavy rains in the provinces of Visayas and Mindanao. It was followed by a low pressure area (LPA) and sustained by tail-end of a cold front. According to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council (NDRRMC), more than 600,000 people have been affected across nine regions of Visayas and Mindanao - Western Visayas, Central Visayas, Eastern Visayas, Zamboanga Peninsula, Northern Mindanao, Davao Region, Soccsksargen, Caraga and Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM).Nine casualties have been reported while more than 8,000 families are still in evacuation centres. To date, more than 254 areas are still submerged while 13 municipalities in the provinces of Lanao del Sur, Maguindanao, Davao Oriental, Agusan del Sur and Agusan del Norte are now under state of calamity. “It has been raining non-stop since the beginning of the year. We haven’t seen the sun for almost a month now. With this intervention, we hope to mitigate the spread of water-borne diseases and provide access to clean drinking water,” says Franlyn Salindato, World Vision staff based in Agusan del Sur. The P&G water purifier packet, which is able to treat up to 10 litres of water, was first introduced in Agusan del Sur in 2012 through World Vision’s Clean Water Project. Most families in the areas either rely on rainwater, deep wells or the lake for drinking water. For some who have money to spare, they buy. World Vision has assisted at least 40,000 people (9,000 families) through the Clean Water Project intervention. Contact Information World Vision Development Foundation Inc Philippines Rose Visenio (2) 3747618 to 28 Contact worldvision.org.ph Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from World Vision Development Foundation Inc Philippines Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives P&G CEO expresses strong commitment to Pakistan during meeting with PM By: Staff Report 07-Feb-17 1040 Top News Mohammad Irfan suspended by PCB over corruption allegations 11-Feb-17 178 LAHORE: Pakistani left-arm fas ... People asked to report stent-related complaints 11-Feb-17 336 Islamabad: The Senate Standing ... Karachi: Pakistan: P&G Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, David Taylor met the Prime Minister of Pakistan, Mr. Mohammad Nawaz Sharif in Davos on the sidelines of the recent World Economic Forum confirming P&G's commitment to serve Pakistani consumers and expressing optimism about the potential business climate of Pakistan. David Taylor shared with the Prime Minister facts about P&G's operations in Pakistan which has enabled P&G to celebrate 25 years of its presence in the country with great success. He said P&G's presence in Pakistan is strong and getting stronger. Since its first shipment in Pakistan in August 1991, P&G has grown to be amongst the top fast moving consumer goods companies in Pakistan and has launched premium quality brands which are amongst leading household names in their categories. "For the past 25 years, we have improved Pakistani lives through P&G's iconic and consumer-preferred brands, our investment in local manufacturing facilities, the creation of direct and indirect employment, and our contributions to help communities in need. With the potential Pakistan has to offer as well as the strong partnership we enjoy with the both the Government of Pakistan and local retailers, we remain committed to serving Pakistani consumers in the years ahead." He expressed P&G's long-term commitment to Pakistan. The company has invested significantly, creating over 5000 direct and indirect employment opportunities. Moreover, through its social-cause programs, P&G has provided clean drinking water, health and hygiene awareness and quality education, reaching over 40 million Pakistanis to date. During the meeting, which was held in an engaging and cordial atmosphere, Mr. Nawaz Sharif expressed his deep appreciation regarding the progress P&G has made at the global level and in Pakistan. The Prime Minister especially lauded P&G's successful presence in Pakistan for the past 25 years and the healthy investments it has made in the country. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus E-Paper Aaj Kal Sunday Magazine sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Skip to main content facebook twitter instagram googleplus rss toggle menu Home Health News Body & Mind TCM Ask the expert Patients' Stories Search Health News Won Ho-jung Wednesday, Feb 08, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Baby Products P&G under fire in Korea for selling diapers allegedly containing toxic substances Photo: Pampers Personal care and household goods maker Procter and Gamble is under fire for selling diapers that allegedly contain potentially toxic substances. Although large discount retailers have pulled the company's Pampers Baby Dry diapers off their shelves following the controversy, the South Korean government has not been able to issue an official recall or pursue punitive measures because there are no clear regulations here regarding the detected toxins. On Jan. 24, French consumer magazine 60 Millions de Consommateurs (60 Million Consumers) reported that a study had revealed the presence of traces of "potentially toxic" substances in many of the disposable diapers sold in France. The list of the potentially dangerous products included Pampers Baby Dry, which is sold in Korea. The French magazine had claimed that it had detected 0.000533 picogram per gram toxicity equivalency factor of dioxin, approximately 1/188th the level permitted for baby products in Europe. Late last week, Lotte Mart, Homeplus and E-mart announced they would pull Pampers Baby Dry from their product lineup. On Friday, the Korean Agency for Technology and Standards, which is under the purview of the Industry Ministry, said it would begin a safety investigation into the P&G product. The hit to P&G comes just a month after the company's fabric refresher Febreze was cleared from a list of potentially dangerous products released by the Environment Ministry. Last year, the product had been suspected of including toxic levels of an antimicrobial agent that could damage the lungs. P&G has denied the French magazine's allegations that these toxins were included in their products. "We don't know how those tests were conducted," a spokeswoman for the company said. "What we can say for certain is that those compounds were never used intentionally in our products. Even the amounts that the French tests claim were detected (in the products) are at an extremely minute and harmless level." P&G is also declining to refund consumers for previous purchases of Pampers Baby Dry, maintaining its stance there is nothing wrong with the products. However, consumers and distributors remain wary because the government does not have any clear standards on how much of these compounds could be considered safe. Currently in Korea, diapers are categorized under the Children's Products Safety Act as requiring "safety management." Diapers must undergo testing for 19 different chemicals including formaldehyde, but the screening list does not include dioxin or pesticide compounds that the magazine claimed were found in the P&G diapers including hexachlorobenzene and pentachloronitrobenzene. The absence of clear government regulations in consumer product safety is making consumers, especially mothers, anxious about all of the other products that may have gone unchecked. In online communities, some mothers have even taken the issue into their own hands. "I'm going to personally study the compounds in various baby products that I use," said one post on a popular online community that focuses on baby care. The government has said that after concluding its investigation of the Pampers Baby Dry products, it may expand the investigation to include all diapers sold in Korea. Related Stories To save lives, WHO wants global focus on catching cancer early Paralysed patients communicate thoughts via brain-computer interface Doctors 'optimistic' over 3-year-old son's cancer battle, says Michael Buble Singapore's oldest mum had twins in her 50s No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. MOST READ » HEALTH Lad with fragile bones shows his unbreakable spirit Loneliness, living alone tied to shorter lifespan Dengue FAQ Girl given one year to live celebrates 5th birthday Call for greater support as more suffer anxiety illness Novel surgery helps scoliosis patients stand tall He overcomes liver transplant, hospitalisation to score 189 in PSLE Jakarta's healthcare system set to receive boost 'I am Adam Lanza's mother': A mom's plea for help for mentally ill son How to tell if you're nutritionally deficient About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
News Election 2017 Business Counties Sports Blogs & Opinion Life and Style News Politics Africa World Latest News Aspirant's campaign material lights up Karachuonyo Nasa leaders attend Senator Khaniri's mother burial Trump considering 'brand new' immigration order 17 dead in stampede at Angolan football stadium Election 2017 Latest Election 2017 NATION AGENDA: To create jobs, state must work with private sector NATION AGENDA: Graduate youths embrace agribusiness NATION AGENDA: Unemployment is a drag on the economy NATION AGENDA: Sh38 billion Itare dam controversy refuses to go away Business Corporates Enterprise Technology Seeds of Gold Latest Business App a boon to small traders To have fetching sheep, groom it WhatsApp! There’s new market in town Vet on Call: Find out if you are a copy and paste, business or Counties Coast Eastern Mount Kenya Northern North Rift South Rift Nyanza-Kisii Western Latest Counties 4 drug suspects arrested in Mombasa Fresh clashes erupt in Trans Mara Senator Mwazo criticised for courting with Jubilee 14 die in Meru multiple-car crash Sports Football Athletics Rugby Golf Others TalkUp Latest Sports Conte warns Chelsea not to rest on their laurels Heat drop Nets to stretch win streak to 13 Green grabs NBA first in Warriors win over Grizzlies Mourinho banks on Real Madrid ties over De Gea Blogs & Opinion Blogs Commentaries Editorial Cartoons Latest Blogs & Opinion WESAYA: Monitor spending in education sector RAMOGI: Shilling's weakening spells doom for economic growth NDII: Are mega projects worth billions spent? Life and Style Art & Culture Family Health Showbiz Travel Women & Style Magazines Latest Life and Style Woman, love thyself MANTALK: Who you drink with matters LIZZIE'S WORLD: A drink with Chris ‘Maria’: A picture of dirty politics = Home Business Kenya’s retail spending hits Sh1.8 trillion, says P&G report Tuesday February 7 2017 email print Procter & Gamble managing director Vivek Sunder. PHOTO | DIANA NGILA  In Summary The rapid expansion of the retail sector is driven by several shopping dynamics including a tendency by Kenyan consumers to shop for goods in bulk. The availability of quality brands and better prices for bulk purchases are said to have contributed to the expansion. The study says that over half of Kenyan urbanites now shop in supermarkets regularly. Advertisement By BRIAN NGUGI Kenya’s retail spending hit Sh1.8 trillion in 2016 as the sector expanded by 13 per cent, a new survey by Procter & Gamble (P&G) shows. The survey, released on Tuesday, says the rapid expansion of the retail sector is driven by several shopping dynamics including a tendency by Kenyan consumers to shop for goods in bulk as opposed to shopping for individual items when the need arises. “The total cumulative figure for retail spending in 2016 is $17.62 billion (Sh1.8 trillion) which can be allocated across different channels based on 30 per cent supermarkets, 67 per cent traditional retail, and three per cent special channels. Overall, retail spending accounts for 30 per cent of Kenya’s GDP,” said P&G, one of the biggest manufacturers of consumer products. The availability of quality brands and better prices for bulk purchases are said to have contributed to the expansion. The study says that over half of Kenyan urbanites now shop in supermarkets regularly. This is driven by the fact that supermarkets stock branded products which are well known and perceived to be of good quality, says the study. “Kenya was reclassified as a middle-income economy in 2015 and this is being evidenced by the shopping habits and rising consumerism. Although traditional retail stores still dominate the fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) sector, supermarkets and hypermarkets are catching up fast,” said P&G managing director Vivek Sunder. The study points out that supermarkets are moving into residential areas as residents’ buying power increases. “This is happening because neighbourhoods are now dense enough that they have the spending power to sustain such businesses, and also out of the need for retailers to compete with traditional traders on convenience. Proximity will be one of the big drivers for supermarkets as a channel gaining importance within retail,” the report says. READ: Kenya retail sector second most formalised in Africa on middle class growth The rise in the cost of living has made consumers more discerning, opting for retail stores with a variety of products. “Inflation has made consumers start to make choices between the products they buy, this is one of the reasons why supermarkets are welcome these days. ‘‘Supermarket shelves represent choice, and choice makes it possible for shoppers to feel like they’re making smart decisions in an inflation-ridden environment,” it says. Meanwhile, e-commerce and m-commerce are driving the growth of non-store retailing. M-commerce, where Kenyans use mobile payment to shop, has tripled in the past two years making it the fastest growing sector in retail, according to the study. “Traditional retail still dominates the market although supermarkets and malls, a distant second, are catching up as the choice shopping destination for Kenyans,” it notes. Malls and proposed shopping complexes currently occupy more than 470,000 square metres of land including residential areas and attract more retailers who would not travel to the city to shop. P&G’s data also reveals that Kenyans  spend the bulk of their income (about 60 per cent) on food and beverages and 23 per cent is spent on personal and household care products. email print In the headlines 4 drug suspects arrested in Mombasa Two Seychelles nationals and two South Africans were arrested. Trump considering 'brand new' immigration order Trump's initial decree fell afoul of the law. 14 die in Meru multiple-car crash 17 dead in stampede at Angolan football stadium New militias emerge in S. Sudan conflict NATION AGENDA: Unemployment is a drag on the economy NATION AGENDA: Graduate youths embrace agribusiness NATION AGENDA: To create jobs, state must work with private sector Advertisement Latest Business Seeds of Gold App a boon to small traders   Seeds of Gold To have fetching sheep, groom it   Seeds of Gold WhatsApp! There’s new market in town   Seeds of Gold Vet on Call: Find out if you are a copy and paste, business or telephone type of farmer   Seeds of Gold Diary of a Poultry Farmer: How to draft workable operational plan   Seeds of Gold Water hyacinth spoils the party for cage fish farmers   Seeds of Gold Abolish taxes on agro-chemicals, they are killing industry   Advertisement LATEST FROM NAIROBI NEWS LATEST NTV VIDEOS Bull's Eye: Every move matters in politics including baba Ngina's 'cool move' Food Friday: Commercial fodder farming to boost milk production Doctors' strike: Health CS pledges to abide by talks deal Government declares drought crisis a national disaster Mudavadi's says Jubilee government is incompetent Watch More Videos Contact Us FAQ E-papers About Us Business Daily Daily Monitor Nairobi News NTV The Citizen The EastAfrican
Skip to main content Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Saturday, February 11, 2017 Home Latest News Devolved Corruption Off Beat Pictorial World Today's Paper Corridors of Power Politics Profile Regional Central Coast North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western Business Commentary Aly Khan Andrea Bohnstedt Chris Harrison James Mbugua Karen Kandie Features Property Sport Chess - B & W Gun Point Radull Predicts Opinion Alex Awiti Gwynne Dyer Hassan Ole Naado John Githongo Koigi Wamwere Miguna Miguna Moses Kuria Ngunjiri Wambugu Njonjo Kihuria Okech Kendo Patrick Gathara Project Syndicate Wycliffe Muga Yash Ghai Health Star Life Big Interview Columnist 5-Minute Interview Ask Valentine Diary of a Mum Family Law Medic's View Mutoko on Monday Parenting The Extreme Side Fashion Feature Agriculture Education Science & Environment Technology Society Asian Scene Just Bollywood Word Is Weekend Sasa Bushman Adventures G-Spot Love Matters Nairobi Living Samantha Chronicles The Last Round Siasa Katiba Corner Classified Cars Electronics Home & Garden Jobs Kids Pets Property Services Videos Sections...HomeLatest News - Devolved Corruption - Off Beat - Pictorial - WorldToday's Paper - Corridors of Power - Politics Profile - RegionalBusiness - Commentary - Features - Property Sport - Chess - B & W - Gun Point - Radull PredictsOpinion - Alex Awiti - Gwynne Dyer - Hassan Ole Naado - John Githongo - Koigi Wamwere - Miguna Miguna - Moses Kuria - Ngunjiri Wambugu - Njonjo Kihuria - Okech Kendo - Patrick Gathara - Project Syndicate - Wycliffe Muga - Yash GhaiHealthStar Life - Big Interview - Columnist - Fashion - Feature - Society - Word IsWeekend - Sasa - SiasaClassified - Cars - Electronics - Home & Garden - Jobs - Kids - Pets - Property - Services Videos Home Business Local Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS Retail sector expanding as shoppers go digital Feb. 08, 2017, 3:00 am By STAR REPORTER @thestarkenya Garden City Shopping Mall in Nairobi on September 8, 2015 / REUTERS Facebook Twitter Google+ WhatsApp Email The retail sector in Kenya is rapidly expanding and diversifying, encouraging more investment and new shopping habits, a new survey by Procter & Gamble has revealed. The number of shoppers visiting M-commerce online platform, where transactions are carried out via mobile money, has tripled in the past two years. Traditional shopping still dominates the market, although supermarkets and malls, a distant second, are catching up as the preferred shopping outlets for Kenyans. P&G managing director Vivek Sunder yesterday said the country's retail landscape is among the most advanced in the region with high penetration in many product categories. “Kenya was reclassified as a middle-income economy in 2015, and this is clearly being evidenced by the shopping habits and rising consumerism,” he said. Malls and proposed shopping complexes occupy more than 470,000 square metres of land including residential areas, and attracts retailers who do not want to shop in the city. P&G’s FMCG data shows Kenyans spend the bulk of their income (about 60 per cent) on food and beverages, and 23 per cent goes to personal and household care products. Euromonitor projections show total retail is expected to grow by 84 per cent to $16 billion (Sh1.658 trillion) in 2020 from $9 billion (Sh993.1billion). Supermarkets have become permanent fixtures in the rapidly growing number of malls. The survey shows more than half of urban dwellers shop in supermarkets. They are driven by the belief that supermarkets stock well-known brands, generally perceived to be quality. E-commerce is a growing segment within the retail sector, however, many Kenyans are still reluctant to shop at online stores despite the convenience and easy access to great deals, the report sys. "Today, less than one per cent of Kenyan retail sales go through e-commerce and this is likely to hold in the foreseeable future," Vivek said. "Operational and logistical challenges are the main obstacles for the growth of e-commerce and more shoppers will feel comfortable buying items from an online store once the logistical issues of time, location are fixed." While overall retail in Kenya grew by 13 per cent last year, modern retail (supermarkets) grew by 18 per cent, indicating the increasing importance of supermarkets as a retail channel. Supermarkets contributed 30 per cent of the FMCG retail sales for the 2015-16 financial year, and projections show this sector will keep growing as consumers opt to shop in bulk. Thank you for participating in discussions on The Star, Kenya. Note that: Unwarranted personal abuse and defamatory statements will be deleted. Strong personal criticism is acceptable if justified by facts and arguments. Deviation from points of discussion may lead to deletion of comments. View the discussion thread. Video Vault Poll of the day Must read VMMC: The need for local buy in and own funding Male cut: the incomplete success story University student, 29, builds Ruai’s largest medical facility 'Daddy sitakufa' girl loses fight with cancer Pathologist who started Kenya’s cancer registry I'm a survivor, KNH nurse says cancer can be defeated Latest News Magufuli orders probe into airport project, says cost inflated Stop intimidation, let IEBC work, Uhuru tells Opposition Power, sex and slaves: Nigeria battles beliefs of Boko Haram brides Speaker Muturi's bodyguard shot dead by colleague Remove unroadworthy cars, Uhuru orders after grisly Meru accident Four suspected foreign drug barons arrested in Mombasa Popular in classifieds POPULAR SEARCHES IN CLASSIFIEDS Accounting Jobs in Kenya Cars for sale in Kenya Casual Jobs in Kenya Casual Jobs in Nairobi Cleaning Jobs in Kenya CPA Jobs in Kenya Criminology Jobs in Kenya Customer Service Jobs in Kenya Driver Jobs in Nairobi Residential houses for sale in Nairobi Popular in Latest news 1 I was not a nobody, gave campaign money, Duale tells Raila 2 I made Duale MP, he was a nobody when I picked him, Raila tells Garissa 3 [VIDEO] KOT roast Uhuru for 'shameless' dab dance at State House while Kenyans die 4 Sam Ongeri ditches Jubilee for ODM, to be received by Raila on Monday Popular in National news 1 NASA issues new demands to IEBC 2 Corridors of Power 3 Junet rubbishes narrative of low voter listing in NASA turfs 4 Stop panicking in Uhuru’s crackdown on drug trade in Mombasa, Duale tells Joho Popular in Business news 1 Thousands lose jobs as UAP Old Mutual now join the fray 2 KRA to adopt new customs system in June, trains players 3 Uchumi, supplier in a legal dispute over Sh67 million debt 4 KRA nets Sh7bn from out-of-court disputes Partner sites Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Follow The Star, Kenya Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS Online services Mobile App (Android) Mobile App (iOS) The Star, Classifieds The Star, Health The Star, e-Paper © 2017 The Star, Kenya. All Rights Reserved
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business Videos Cheaper & Dearer Sector Impact Sector Impact Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget and you Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Economic Survey You & Taxes More ALL News » Business » India Business News » P P&G Hygiene and Health Care Q2 PAT rises 3% to Rs 151cr, while sales decline 1%Namrata Singh Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (P&G) has reported a 3% rise in profit after tax at Rs 151 crore for the second quarter ended December 31, 2016, while sales were down 1% to Rs 666 crore. | TNN | Feb 7, 2017, 09.47 PM IST MUMBAI: Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (P&G) has reported a 3% rise in profit after tax at Rs 151 crore for the second quarter ended December 31, 2016, while sales were down 1% to Rs 666 crore. In a statement, P&G said during the quarter, there was an unforeseen liquidity crunch in the market that impacted trade inventories and consumer off take. "The company responded with agility by strengthening fundamentals to mitigate risk," the company said. P&G added that the market has started showing early signs of recovery and that the company will continue to focus on balanced growth behind brand fundamentals, strength of product portfolio and improved in-store execution. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Pre-Launching Godrej Greens Pune 2/3 BHK from 40Lacs+ Godrej Pune - New Projects Top 10 Highest Paid Playback Singers In Bollywood BollywoodUnion Help this student recover from Brain Damage! Milaap More from The Times of India NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved The Indira Gandhi the world will never know All is well between Tejashree and Shashank? From the Web More From The Times of India Most searched Bollywood actresses on the internetCRITICSUNION Save Mother of two young boys from Cancer!Milaap Pre-Launch Godrej Greens @ Undri Pune 2 BHK from 40Lac+Godrej Pune Properties 10 people most affected by Modi's anti-black money crackdownCRITICSUNION Save Shrayansh from a life-crippling disorderMilaap Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends Farhan Akhtar, Adhuna Bhabani attend counselling session Is Mollywood high on drugs? CID's Inspector Purvi is holidaying in Dubai, see pics Barack Obama goes kitesurfing during private island getaway ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Budget Live India Budget 2017 Income Tax Slab 2017-18 Budget 2017 News Budget 2017 Highlights Most Popular Ashwin says his tweet has nothing to do with TN politics Sasikala to be next Tamil Nadu chief minister, Panneerselvam resigns US revokes visa ban after court rules against Donald Trump's order Top Bollywood Actresses who arepaid the highest paycheck Ad: Bollywood Union Tata Steel reports consolidated profit of Rs 232 crore in Q3, sales up 14.1% Home-grown steel major Tata Steel reported a consolidated profit of Rs 232 crore for the quarter ended December 31. Analysts had predicted a profit of Rs 120 crore in an ETNow poll. The Tata group firm had posted a loss of Rs 2,747 crore for the corresponding quarter of last financial year. Karnataka HC orders winding up of UBHL Shares of United Breweries (UBHL) tumbled nearly 6 per cent in intraday trade after reports that the Karnataka High Court has ordered winding up of the company. The scrip closed 2.45 per cent down at Rs 39.80. Shares of the company opened at Rs 41 and touched a high and low of Rs 41.75 and Rs 38.45, respectively. From around the Web Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live! Milaap She lost her Baby after a terrible fall! Milaap Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became Blockbusters Bollywood Union Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir Desai More From The Times of India Is Virat Kohli risking his relationship with Anushka? Times of India Satnam Singh drafted in NBA, selected by Dallas Mavericks TOI Website ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' TOI Website Read Moretrade inventoriesProcter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Carep&g hygiene and health careP&GLiquidity crunch Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Big blow for Vijay Mallya as Karnataka HC orders winding up of UBHL Big blow to Mallya: Karnataka HC orders winding up of United Breweries Removal of 5% R&D cess in Budget positive for manufacturing, pharma Provide fine prints of electoral bond scheme, Assocham urges govt 1P&G Hygiene and Health Care Q2 PAT rises 3% to Rs 151cr, while sales decline 1% 2Big blow for Vijay Mallya as Karnataka HC orders winding up of UBHL 3Big blow to Mallya: Karnataka HC orders winding up of United Breweries 4Removal of 5% R&D cess in Budget positive for manufacturing, pharma 5Provide fine prints of electoral bond scheme, Assocham urges govt About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Elections 2017 Live: UP Elections 2017 Hardik Patel Live Updates: Elections 2017 Live: Parliament Budget Session Sasikala Live:Punjab Election 2017 PM Modi in Parliament Deepa Jayakumar Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Saturday, February 11, 2017, 3:56 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / NW food festival sets Bentonville as new location By April Wallace This article was published February 7, 2017 at 2:37 a.m. PHOTO BY BEN GOFF Mario Valdovino of Tyson Foods and William McCormick of MOD restaurant lead a cooking demonstration during the 2016 BITE NW Arkansas festival. Comments aAFont Size About 8th Street Market Ten acres along Eighth Street in the Bentonville Market District near the Bentonville square will ultimately showcase culinary education, music and the arts, restaurants and hospitality venues, and other specialized food and drink concepts. The Northwest Arkansas Community College expanded culinary arts and hospitality program Brightwater operates at the site. Bentonville-based Bike Rack Brewery announced it will open an 8,000-foot facility at the site that will feature and teach the full production brewing process, as well as sell beer brewed on site. Source: Octagon Events and Hospitality BENTONVILLE -- The Bite NW Arkansas food festival will have a new home this year. The event, part of the LPGA's Walmart NW Arkansas Championship presented by P&G, will be held June 22-23 at 8th Street Market in Bentonville. The Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in Rogers hosted the first two years of the event, which were sold out. The 11th annual golf tournament runs June 19-25 at Pinnacle Country Club in Rogers. "The LPGA [the NW Arkansas Championship] is such a regional event, it really impacts all of Northwest Arkansas," said Dana Davis, president and CEO of the Greater Bentonville Area Chamber of Commerce. "With 8th Street Market becoming a foodie destination, and when you think of the businesses that are going to be there and the culinary things they're trying to do, it makes sense to hold [Bite] at that site." The format of the two-day food festival will be the same as in previous years, comprised of Taste of NW Arkansas, a traditional restaurant showcase, on the first night and the Burgers and Beer Fest on the second. The festival will coincide with the opening of 8th Street Market, a 10-acre location designed for culinary education, restaurants, entertainment and hospitality at 801 SE Eighth St., between E and J streets, approximately one mile from the downtown square. Northwest Arkansas Community College's program Brightwater: A Center for the Study of Food operates out of the location, but the remainder of the facility will not open to the public until summer. "As we look to the next 10 years, the vision is to expand into the greater Northwest Arkansas community," said Harry Hardy, event director. "The timing works out perfectly, almost too good to be true. We're excited to have a new home for Bite." The venue was a natural fit for the festival because it was built with culinary purposes in mind and offers the cold storage and equipment necessary for it, Hardy said. The ability to host events indoor and outdoors, as well as its close proximity to the trail system were added benefits. "Visit Bentonville and the city of Bentonville are very culinary focused, it's a key part of our image," said Kalene Griffith, president and CEO of Visit Bentonville. "Culinary is its own attraction -- an integral part of the tourist experience -- and having the festival is a huge bonus. It takes a regional effort, but we all benefit [from it]." More than 35 restaurants and 15 area breweries participated in 2016 Bite NW Arkansas, which served 2,000 people. Most of the same vendors and chefs, such as Tyson Director of Research and Development Culinary Services Mario Valdovino, will return alongside a few new faces, Hardy said. The goal is to attract 3,000 ticket holders. Bike Rack Brewery in Bentonville will be among the vendors inside the 8th Street Market. Beer will be brewed on site at Bike Rack's 8,000-square-foot facility that will feature a tap room with capacity for 90 people. Bike Rack Brewery also has its original location at 401 SW A St., Suite 6. "We are ecstatic that Bite NW Arkansas is moving to 8th Street Market and that our brewery will have the chance to help grow the impact of the event," Jeff Charlson, CEO and partner of Bike Rack Brewing Company, said in a news release. "For two years, Bite has paired great food with great beer. That's authentic to the mission of Bike Rack and what I think we can expect to see at 8th Street Market in the long term." Festival ticket prices will remain the same as 2016 -- $50 per couple, $30 for individuals, and will go on sale March 1. "People think it's a really cool event, and we work hard to create an atmosphere about the community -- once you buy a ticket, you don't have to get your wallet out again," Hardy said. "That's the beauty of it, bringing restaurants from the whole region to one place." The festival venue change will allow Brightwater to showcase its new culinary facilities and capabilities through hands-on cooking demonstrations. "Given all the culinary and hospitality growth throughout Northwest Arkansas, Bite NW Arkansas is a great way to help introduce 8th Street Market and Brightwater," Glenn Mack, executive director of Brightwater, said in a news release. "Brightwater and our students have been a part of Bite from its inception and now that we share the site, I'm sure our engagement will only grow in the future." Metro on 02/07/2017 Print Headline: NW food festival sets Bentonville as new location Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Arkansas 91st General Assembly Calendar Social Security bid rejected by panel State Capitol briefs House approves bill on gift exemptions NW food festival sets Bentonville as new loca... Team effort turns 2 bikes into motorbike Springdale reaps results of supplementing Eng... Getting it straight Community hub hears new-school plans More Arkansas stories > Comments on: NW food festival sets Bentonville as new location To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented NFL more forceful on Texas 'bathroom bill' after Super Bowl (13 comments) Judges back travel-ban freeze (26 comments) Hutchinson calls Amazon decision to collect sales tax in state 'laudable and good news' for Arkansas (13 comments) Arkansas man accused of punching 27-day-old daughter in face (11 comments) BRUMMETT ONLINE: Flew right over their heads (54 comments) Trump: Travel ban clearly legal (34 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice S. Korea culls 33 mln poultry amid worst bird flu outbreak The Korea Herald > Business > Industry [NEWSMAKER] P&G embroiled in safety scandal Government has no guidelines on toxins in question, leaving consumers to decide safety for themselves   Published : 2017-02-07 15:31 Updated : 2017-02-07 15:31 Personal care and household goods maker Procter and Gamble is under fire for selling diapers that allegedly contain potentially toxic substances. Although large discount retailers have pulled the company‘s Pampers Baby Dry diapers off their shelves following the controversy, the South Korean government has not been able to issue an official recall or pursue punitive measures because there are no clear regulations here regarding the detected toxins. On Jan. 24, French consumer magazine 60 Millions de Consommateurs (60 Million Consumers) reported that a study had revealed the presence of traces of “potentially toxic” substances in many of the disposable diapers sold in France. The list of the potentially dangerous products included Pampers Baby Dry, which is sold in Korea.   (Pampers website) The French magazine had claimed that it had detected 0.000533 picogram per gram toxicity equivalency factor of dioxin, approximately 1/188th the level permitted for baby products in Europe.  Late last week, Lotte Mart, Homeplus and E-mart announced they would pull Pampers Baby Dry from their product lineup. On Friday, the Korean Agency for Technology and Standards, which is under the purview of the Industry Ministry, said it would begin a safety investigation into the P&G product. The hit to P&G comes just a month after the company’s fabric refresher Febreze was cleared from a list of potentially dangerous products released by the Environment Ministry. Last year, the product had been suspected of including toxic levels of an antimicrobial agent that could damage the lungs. P&G has denied the French magazine‘s allegations that these toxins were included in their products. “We don’t know how those tests were conducted,” a spokeswoman for the company said.  “What we can say for certain is that those compounds were never used intentionally in our products. Even the amounts that the French tests claim were detected (in the products) are at an extremely minute and harmless level.” P&G is also declining to refund consumers for previous purchases of Pampers Baby Dry, maintaining its stance there is nothing wrong with the products. However, consumers and distributors remain wary because the government does not have any clear standards on how much of these compounds could be considered safe.  Currently in Korea, diapers are categorized under the Children‘s Products Safety Act as requiring “safety management.”  Diapers must undergo testing for 19 different chemicals including formaldehyde, but the screening list does not include dioxin or pesticide compounds that the magazine claimed were found in the P&G diapers including hexachlorobenzene and pentachloronitrobenzene. The absence of clear government regulations in consumer product safety is making consumers, especially mothers, anxious about all of the other products that may have gone unchecked. In online communities, some mothers have even taken the issue into their own hands.  “I’m going to personally study the compounds in various baby products that I use,” said one post on a popular online community that focuses on baby care.  The government has said that after concluding its investigation of the Pampers Baby Dry products, it may expand the investigation to include all diapers sold in Korea. By Won Ho-jung (hjwon@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. S. Korea culls 33 mln poultr... 2. Gov't confirms arrest of S. ... 3. FKI in search of new chief t... 4. S. Korea's exports continue ... 5. S. Korea projected to tie Wi... 6. S. Korea's wage income tax t... 7. Presidential contenders to a... 8. Reigning Olympic champ wins ... 9. Korean speed skater injured ... 10. UN search list for S. Korean... 1. Acting president refuses to ... 2. Uber claims Korea’s self-dr... 3. Samsung Electronics to strea... 4. 4 arrested, including teen, ... 5. Ample reasons 6. Despite challenges, SK hyni... 7. Just the way you like it 8. UN search list for S. Korean... 9. Korean speed skater injured ... 10. Korea's Marine Corps chief a... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories Warc Media Awards: Grand Prix winners VR marketing 'more hype than substance' Trad media is 'indispensable' Digital blacklists 'not fit for purpose' Aussie millennials are pessimistic China's tier 3 cities will drive growth India invests in digital literacy View more news Warc Media Awards: Tech winners 07 February 2017 GLOBAL: Procter & Gamble-owned personal care brand Old Spice, charity Cancer Research UK and Australian mental health foundation Headspace have won Golds in the Effective Use of Tech category in the Warc Media Awards. These Awards recognise communications planning that has made a positive impact on business results. The Effective use of technology category rewards those communications that have effectively used or combined emerging platforms or technology in the media mix. Old Spice's Nature Adventure from Wieden + Kennedy was a gaming-led campaign in the US and Canada on live-streaming platform Twitch which helped the brand to build affinity with 18-34 year old men. Tom Goodwin, EVP, Head of Innovation at Zenith and a Warc Media Awards judge in the Effective Use of Tech category observed: "As an industry, we ignore gaming but it's such a big opportunity and no one's doing it that well. This should be celebrated because it used custom integration. It was different, interesting and effective." Cancer Research UK's Tap to Beat Cancer campaign, by MediaCom, saw the charity trial digital screens with a contactless card payment facility in its shop windows. Suzy Ryder, Managing Partner, Digital and Technology, OMD and a judge, described it as "a very easy and logical way to maintain and increase fundraising." Australian youth mental health foundation Headspace was the third Gold awarded by the judges for its Reword campaign. Through Leo Burnett Melbourne, the organisation helped to reduce instances of online bullying by young internet users through the introduction of an online tool that encourages people to reconsider what they've written before posting. James Lewin, Head of Innovation, Mindshare APAC, and a judge for this category, said: "It is a brilliant piece of tech and the results speak for themselves." PHD India picked up a Silver and a Bronze in this category for its work for two Hindustan Unilever detergent brands. The agency's Lo Kar Lo Baat initiative for Active Wheel won a Silver, while the Rin Career Ready Academy took a Bronze. FP7/DXB also won a Silver and a Bronze. Its A/C Vests campaign for banking brand Emirates NBD took a Silver, while its Smart Buses work for Bahrain telecoms provider Batelco won a Bronze. Zenith took a silver for its Artificial Intelligence: Data Storytelling campaign for insurance company Aviva; Starcom's Serving What's Trending campaign for food manufacturer Kraft Heinz took a Bronze. Special Awards and the Grand Prix in this category – along with the three other Warc Media Awards categories – will be announced at a free-to-attend event at MEC London on Thursday 9 February from 4.30pm. Warc Media Awards judges will reflect on this year's entries and there will be two presentations from winners. Readers can register to attend here. Data sourced from Warc Read more from Warc: Warc Webinar: Top 10 Tech and Media Trends for 2017 Toolkit 2017: Six major marketing trends for the year ahead - Executive summary Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories Warc Media Awards: Grand Prix winners VR marketing 'more hype than substance' Trad media is 'indispensable' Digital blacklists 'not fit for purpose' Aussie millennials are pessimistic China's tier 3 cities will drive growth India invests in digital literacy View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SHLD NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Why Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Is a Great Contrarian Opportunity Analysts have turned bearish on KO stock heading into the company's Q4 earnings report By Vince Martin, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Feb 8, 2017, 10:12 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: 12 Stocks That Will Live and Die by Donald Trump’s Pen Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) Stock Is More Valuable Than You Think Why Sprint Corp (S) Stock Is Worth at Least 50% More Recent Posts: Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Stock Rockets 30% Higher. Ditch It! Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) Stock Is More Valuable Than You Think Why Sprint Corp (S) Stock Is Worth at Least 50% More View All Posts The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE:KO) stock provides a play for contrarians heading into its fourth-quarter earnings report. Earnings and sales have declined year-over-year in each of the last six quarters, which should keep expectations low. Meanwhile, Wall Street analysts appear to be exiting KO stock en masse. Source: Leo Hidalgo via Flickr (Modified) Morgan Stanley cut Coca-Cola stock to ‘Equal Weight’ in December; Goldman Sachs downgraded KO to ‘Sell’ last month and Wells Fargo followed with its own re-rating to Neutral barely a week later. For investors who like to buy at the point of maximum pessimism, the Coca-Cola earnings report looks like an opportunity. Of course, KO stock isn’t likely to make a huge gain off of the Coca-Cola earnings report; the stock generally doesn’t move all that much. In fact, the relatively quiet movement in Coca-Cola stock actually has been one reason analysts have turned bearish. Those analysts argue that in a more optimistic market, with broad indexes at all-time highs, KO stock’s “defensive” nature seems less attractive. Thus, investors are “rotating” away from safe, solid names like Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) into higher-risk, higher-reward issues. Perhaps this is true, but that argument only works as long as broad markets remain at or near their highs. And for Q4, that pessimism seems to leave KO stock well-positioned for gains coming out of its report. When expectations are low, after all, it’s difficult to disappoint. But the Q4 report also has long-term implications. It will be the first earnings release after the appointment of new CEO James Quincey. Quincey isn’t new to Coca-Cola; he has worked at the company for twenty years. And outgoing CEO Muhtar Kent doesn’t leave until May. But the Q4 earnings call might give Quincey a chance to detail the company’s plans to deal with consumer shifts away from soda. Those plans may be of more interest to investors in KO stock than the Q4 numbers. The KO Stock Numbers Analyst consensus projects KO stock will generate fourth-quarter earnings of $0.38, down a penny year-over-year. Revenue is expected to decline sharply, falling 8.7% year-over-year. Those estimates aren’t quite as bad as they sound, however. The strong dollar is affecting revenue: it reduced Q3 revenue by 2%, for instance. Coca-Cola also has refranchised bottling operations, which has affected revenue. In the third quarter, for instance, reported revenue was down 7%. But the company’s figure of ‘organic’ revenue — growth excluding divested operations and currency effects — rose 3%. KO is still targeting over $600 million in productivity savings this year. And KO also has brought in nearly three-quarters of a billion dollars in proceeds from the refranchising proceeds. The cost savings and cash inflow are being used in part to fund new marketing, but also are improving margins. And if Coca-Cola earnings show further margin improvements, and a surprise earnings beat that shows some bottom-line growth, the narrative here could change. With analysts pricing in a declining business, any sort of growth in Q4 could provide a nice boost to KO stock. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/02/coca-cola-co-ko-stock-great-contrarian-opportunity/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans That Are Shooting Higher 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of TV 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise on Donald Trump-Shinzo Abe Summit 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Most Popular 7 Marvelous Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for the Best of All Worlds 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 High-Risk, High-Reward Stocks to Buy Now 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in the Trump Era 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Jury Orders $2.3 Million Payment in Search-Ad Click-Fraud Scheme By George Slefo - 34 minutes ago Array 0 Super Bowl Ads Haven't Helped Purchase Consideration Much, Research Suggests By Nat Ives - 59 minutes ago Array 0 Marketer MVPs: Not Every Social-Media Winner Last Week Was About the Super Bowl 2 hours ago Array 0 Competitive Bidding, Creative Choice, and the DOJ Investigation By T. Alex Blum - 3 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads From Starbucks, Walmart, Mitsubishi and More 3 hours ago Array 0 Super Bowl Ads Haven't Helped Purchase Consideration Much, Research Suggests By Nat Ives - 59 minutes ago 0 Jury Orders $2.3 Million Payment in Search-Ad Click-Fraud Scheme By George Slefo - 34 minutes ago 0 Video: Why the Future of Virtual Reality Depends on Advertisers By Nathan Skid and David Hall - 9 hours ago 0 Hippies Meet Augmented Reality With Berkeley Art Museum's 'Free the Love' App By Alexandra Jardine - 7 hours ago 0 Twitter's Ad Revenue Falls For First Time Since It Went Public By Garett Sloane - 6 hours ago 0 Publicis Groupe Wins MillerCoors Media Business By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Mattel Taps Publicis' Mediavest Spark, DigitasLBi for $150 Million Account By Lindsay Stein and Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Epsilon and Others Scramble for Alexa Data from Amazon By Kate Kaye - 2 days ago 0 Twitter Promises to Silence Trolls, Making the Platform Less Toxic for Brands Too By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 The Go-To Glossary for Marketers Needing to Brush Up on AI By Garett Sloane and George Slefo - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: What Tom Brady Did for Olivia Munn and Proactiv Published on February 08, 2017. The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Among Tom Brady's many amazing feats on Sunday was getting Aaron Rodgers' girlfriend into the game. Olivia Munn, who's been dating the Green Bay Packers' quarterback, starred in Proactiv's first-ever Super Bowl ad, a contingency buy that aired during the overtime spawned by the New England Patriots comeback. The first overtime in Super Bowl history may have seemed totally unexpected. But not by Proactiv, said a spokeswoman in an email: "Proactiv strategically planned to air its branded spot during OT, as they knew it was going to be a close game, and it would be the perfect opportunity to showcase a more brand-focused approach vs. the traditional direct-marketing approach that's historically been the company's focus." A Proactiv spokeswoman did not disclose how much it paid Fox to run the ad, but said the cost of buying the overtime option was less than what it would have been to run an ad during the regulation game. Icon Media Direct handled the buy. The 30-second spot was cut from a 60-second version that had been running elsewhere in recent months. A bilingual version also aired on Fox Deportes during overtime. But neither would have run (such as during postgame) had it not been for the overtime, the spokeswoman said. Student-loan refinancer Sofi, which also had an ad in the game, made a similar overtime option buy for the Super Bowl and "got a great price," a spokesman for the brand said in an email. "You can imagine what our group text thread looked like in the fourth quarter as the game got close!" he said. The ad was made in a week, in-house, using photos and videos members sent during the company's #WhyISoFi contest. It follows the brand's first appearance in the game last year. For more on Fox's overtime windfall check out Ad Age's report from earlier this week. With the Super Bowl over, Valentine's Day marketing is heating up. Zipcar is trying to crank up the passion early by promoting next weekend as"#MAKEorBREAKweekend." According to a survey by the car-sharing marketer, "more than half of Americans ages 18-34 feel that the first day or overnight trip is a good test of a new relationship." So Zipcar says it wants to encourage new couples to "put their relationships to the test with their first day or overnight trips together" and give them the chance to "make it or break it before getting into the potentially messy gray area of Feb. 14." The campaign is getting paid support on Facebook, where Zipcar is posing questions like the one below: Credit: Walker & Co. Meantime, Walker & Co.'s Bevel is launching a digital campaign today in advance of Valentine's Day featuring black gay couples celebrating love. "Valentine's Day is an opportunity to celebrate love," said Cassidy Blackwell, brand marketing lead for Walker & Co. "Our goal at Walker & Co. is to build brands for people of color, which in and of itself is a very diverse community." Besides its original subscription business for men's razors and grooming products, including an electric trimmer launched last year, the brand's expansion into outside retailers has continued with last fall's rollout to Amazon, after the brand moved into Target stores in 2015. Who says you can't innovate around soap? Procter & Gamble Co. has just launched a new "Duos" form for its Olay, Old Spice and Ivory brands, and showering may never be quite the same. Liquid body wash has been edging bar soap out of showers for years. But Duos are something different, neither bar soap nor liquid. Kind of like mushy soap, or Play-Doh. Duos are described by Teen Vogue as a "souped up Scotch-Brite sponge" shaped like a Smucker's Uncrustable with a "cleansing dough" inside. It does away with the need for a loofah or washcloth, with packs containing a 30-day supply of the soapy dough. Credit: Broo.com Men's grooming has been growing in recent years, though not as fast as some marketers would like, particularly in the U.S. as opposed to Europe. A new mashup with a faster-growing category -- craft beer -- can only help. The Broo Craft Beer collection of men's grooming products has made it big time now with a launch into Walmart stores and Walmart.com, Drug Store News reports. Onto food marketing: A new Taco Bell ad looks to get real about morningtime. It kicks off like a typical breakfast product spot, with sunshine streaming through the bedroom window. There's even a jingle. But the guy who wakes up doesn't smell coffee brewing in his kitchen and isn't chipper. He must respond to work emails and deal with the typical morning moments that likely keeps him from eating a full breakfast. While at first the Taco Bell song sounds like a standard relaxing tune, it is not all bright and cheery. "When your morning is hell, just go to Taco Bell," the Mexican fast feeder proclaims in the song, which is also set to run on radio. Chief Marketing Officer Marisa Thalberg said the idea of the latest breakfast ad is one of realistic sincerity. "We're in on this with you, we get it," she said, noting that Taco Bell does not want to create a false representation of modern morning routines, such as sitting down and eating breakfast at the kitchen table in robes. The current spot ends with a mention of the chain's $1 grilled breakfast burrito. The work, from Deutsch, comes three years after the national launch of Taco Bell's breakfast menu. "There's a big group that's really open to it, it's just not top of mind yet," Ms. Thalberg said. "We haven't built a Taco Bell breakfast habit." Restaurants including Panera and Chipotle are not the only brands playing up their use of fresh ingredients. After 2015's "All to the Table" campaign, Stouffer's is now using quick online videos to promote the idea of coming together over frozen lasagna. The campaign from Swift, "It's What's on the Inside that Counts," plays up the packaged food marketer's use of real ingredients by showing real families and friends. According to the Nestle brand, the three stories were unscripted. The people featured are a family in which the father recently returned home from military service; a trio of friends in New York including a married gay couple; and a family in which the wife and husband both work different shifts in an emergency room. The spots are currently running as pre-roll ads and will appear in 30-second versions as well. Plans include running on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and the brand's site, plus additional content made for Pinterest and Twitter. Fiat Chrysler -- which went all-in on its Alfa Romeo brand for Super Bowl -- is going country for its Ram brand. The auto marketer has struck a programming deal with Viacom's CMT network for a March 31 special called "CMT Hometown Heroes." It will feature Chris Stapleton, Darius Rucker and Brett Eldredge "as they make surprise returns to their hometowns to give back and perform for their very own hometown heroes," according to CMT. Turning to financial services: Consumers can look out for a fresh campaign later this year from Fifth Third Bank. The Cincinnati-based regional lender has just tapped Pereira & O'Dell as its creative agency of record. The news follows Fifth Third's recent appointment of Empower MediaMarketing as its media agency of record. The 158-year-old bank, which worked with Leo Burnett on a campaign last year, will reveal new marketing, including TV, radio, digital and out-of-home, in May. Lastly, MillerCoors -- which this week hired Publicis Media to handle media buying and planning -- is sticking with MDC Partners-owned Team Enterprises for experiential marketing and retail sampling. The agency, which has been with the brewer roughly two decades, kept the business following a review Contributing: Jack Neff, Jessica Wohl,, E.J. Schultz, Adrianne Pasquarelli In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Diversity Financial Services Packaged Food Restaurants Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Close menu News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Entertainment Business Lifestyle Community Bulletin Board Opinion Health Sport Youth People Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Copyright ©2016, Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved - Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Entertainment Business Lifestyle Community Bulletin Board Opinion Health Sport Youth People Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Lifestyle Home > Lifestyle Your Black Is Beautiful: Insecure Star, Yvonne Orji Will Star In Ad Campaign For TV One Posted 3 days ago. Roz Edward, Michigan Chronicle Managing Editor Leave a comment 8 reads Insecure actress Yvonne Orji is set to star in an ad celebrating black beauty in Hollywood that will be aired during the NAACP Image Awards on Saturday. Yvonne, who plays the beloved character Molly on the hit HBO series, is also nominated for an Image Award for her supporting role. The ad that will be featured on Saturday is in part of Proctor & Gamble’s “My Black Is Beautiful” campaign. Happy Black History Month! To celebrate, I'm partnering with @MBIB in an exciting way! Tune into the NAACP Image Awards Feb 11th on TVone to see what we've been up to! #MyBlackIsBeautiful #BlackHistoryMonth 📸: @jasminealston A photo posted by Yvonne Orji (@yvonneorji) on Feb 1, 2017 at 1:21pm PST Yvonne shared photos from behind-the-scenes of the ad campaign, wearing a blue sleeveless dress that draped from her chest to the floor, sporting her natural curls in the shot. Through photography, I've been blessed to connect with some incredible people! @yvonneorji of HBO's hit show Insecure and the upcoming @firstgenshow is one of them! Not only is she HILARIOUS, but she has a beautiful, genuine spirit. This is a BTS photo from an exciting project with Yvonne and @mbib. Tune in on Feb 11th to the NAACP Awards on TVone to see what I'm talking about!!! 🙏🏾🙌🏾 #MyBlackIsBeautiful #jasminealstonphotography #KeepFollowingYourDreams #ShowUp A photo posted by Jasmine Alston (@jasminealston) on Feb 3, 2017 at 11:01am PST She’s rocking her natural curls and African beauty in another shot, where she’s wearing a light-tan blouse  beautiful jewelry to accent her relaxed and confident look. The Nigerian-American beauty will talk about the evolution of black beauty in Hollywood and will also talk about her own journey in being black and beautiful, which hasn’t always been an easy one. But she’s learned to embrace her beautiful skin tone and coveted features of full lips and awesome smile. She tells Elle magazine, “My actual desire is to be able to comfortably walk out of my house without any makeup on and feel as beautiful as I do when my makeup artist beats my face. … I’ll probably always opt for makeup because I just like the way it feels. You can play with it and create different looks, and I think that’s fun. But I also want the option to not need it. I think that’s what life is about, just having the options to or not to do.” Be sure to stay on the lookout for Yvonne’s commercial during the NAACP Image Awards which will air February 11th on TV One. DON’T MISS: ‘Insecure’ Actress Yvonne Orji Talks Being A 32-Year-Old Virgin The Heartbreaking Moment That Led ‘Insecure’ Star Jay Ellis To Fight Against HIV/AIDS Ten Of The Best Internet Reactions To HBO’s ‘Insecure’ Finale Tracee Ellis Ross, Adrienne Bailon, Niecy Nash & More Attend The NAACP Image Awards Luncheon 13 photos Launch gallery Tracee Ellis Ross, Adrienne Bailon, Niecy Nash & More Attend The NAACP Image Awards Luncheon 1. 2017 NAACP Image Awards Luncheon Source:Getty 1 of 13 2. Tracee Ellis Ross Source:Getty 2 of 13 3. Niecy Nash Source:Getty 3 of 13 4. Niecy Nash & Husband Jay Tucker Source:Instagram 4 of 13 5. Cast of 'Insecure' Source:Instagram 5 of 13 6. Jay Ellis, Yvonne Orji & The Cast Of 'Blackish' Source:Instagram 6 of 13 7. Adrienne Bailon Source:Getty 7 of 13 8. Adrienne Bailon Source:Getty 8 of 13 9. Adrienne Bailon Source:Instagram 9 of 13 10. Amirah Vann Source:Instagram 10 of 13 11. Trevante Rhodes Source:Getty 11 of 13 12. Chloe x Halle Source:Instagram 12 of 13 13. Marsai Martin Source:Instagram 13 of 13 Skip ad Continue reading Tracee Ellis Ross, Adrienne Bailon, Niecy Nash & More Attend The NAACP Image Awards Luncheon Tracee Ellis Ross, Adrienne Bailon, Niecy Nash & More Attend The NAACP Image Awards Luncheon 2017 NAACP Image Awards , black beauty , Black History Month , HBOInsecure , MBIB , My Black Is Beautiful , Yvonne Orji comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. × Like What You See? Sign Up for New Pittsburgh Courier's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Get It On Your Doorstep Most Popular The life and achievements of Martin Luther King Jr. We Caught That: 5 Epic Moments Black People Noticed At Trump’s Inauguration Black rednecks and affluent Black assumptions Generation NEXT: Devin Moore plans to share his gifts with the world Rev. Welch mounts challenge to Peduto Commentary…Pence kicks off Black History Month with awful tweet Get Informed! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Copyright ©2016, Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved - Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Checking Out Autism Feb 07, 2017 Deflation leads to beefed up promos, sales Feb 07, 2017 Ahold Delhaize announces ‘brand-centric’ structuring Feb 07, 2017 Harvest Market makes foodservice a signature offering Feb 06, 2017 5 c-store chains posing a competitive threat Feb 06, 2017 Featured Aldi expands fresh offering with systemwide remodel Feb 08, 2017 5 things we learned at FMI Feb 08, 2017 Grocer lends support to desert oasis Feb 07, 2017 5 things to know about Hispanic pet owners Feb 03, 2017 FMI Midwinter brought to you by kasto80/iStock/Thinkstock Issues & Trends>Health & Wellness Wellness may be your best tool to fight deflation FMI research shows health and beauty can present growth opportunities for retailers. Becky Schilling If you’re looking to combat deflation and set your store up to meet the demands of the future, health and beauty may be your best bet. That was the finding of new research conducted by FMI. Take the case of Sephora and Ulta, urged Chris Skyers, VP of corporate merchandising for Wakefern, who said customers were looking for a high-end place for beauty products that they couldn’t find elsewhere. “You have to go back to moving with your shopper. Health and beauty has lacked vision of moving with shoppers,” Skyers said at a session during FMI’s Midwinter conference in January. “Consumers think there is a better value on HBC items outside of grocery, which isn’t true,” said Lisa Paley of Pfizer Consumer Healthcare. “We need to do a better job at marketing that. Talk differently to the shoppers already in your stores.” Changing the conversation around health and beauty items isn’t necessarily as easy as it sounds, Skyers said. “We’re first a food company, so we aren’t the experts in HB; that’s where the manufacturers come in.” Skyers suggested retailers tap into manufacturer knowledge to help educate and market health and beauty products correctly to consumers. For example, he looked at research that shows young women drop out of sports when they go through puberty. Skyers said Wakefern is working with Procter & Gamble to help educate young girls on products that can help them during this time. Another challenge regarding health and beauty is getting consumers to look to traditional grocery stores as their place of purchase. As Gen Z moves older their baskets will decrease and Millennials tend to shop multiple outlets for their needs, decreasing the likelihood of their purchasing health and beauty in grocery. The key is to make supermarkets the go-to place for health and beauty. One way to ensure this is to make sure staffers working within those aisles are knowledgeable in that area. It seems simple enough, but taking a talented employee from one area of the store and plopping her into health and beauty often results in poor performance. Skyers said retailers could take advantage of growth in health and beauty sales by employing beauty ambassadors in the aisles to help answer questions for customers. Another challenge is simply getting shoppers through the health and beauty aisles. “Ninety-five percent of purchase decisions are made on auto pilot — just trying to get the job done,” said Jane Novak-Cool of Procter & Gamble. “In 2011 almost 50% of shoppers went down all or most aisles — by 2015 it was 40%. So how do you disrupt them to get them outside of normal sections so they know you have these items?” Skyers also urged retailers to think about the health and beauty aisle as an extension of taking care of the community. “We know from a healthcare standpoint these consumers are facing more challenges. There are fewer doctors in community. No one has better opportunity to take care of these shoppers than grocery. We already have what they need to take care of themselves in the food. How do you take the current food portfolio you have and make it a better health portfolio?” Wakefern is trying to stake its ground in this area by employee 140 dietitians in its stores to help educate customers on healthy diets. “The No. 1 reason for hospital readmittance is poor diet. How can grocery help educate and provide for those consumers?” TAGS: The New Consumer 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Checking Out AutismFeb 08, 2017 The 2017 Top 75 — Sales OverviewJan 20, 2017 2016 SN Top 75 U.S. and Canadian Food Retailers and WholesalersJan 14, 2017 Millions welcome Alexa home for the holidaysDec 28, 2016 Load More About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SHLD NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Why Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Is a Great Contrarian Opportunity Analysts have turned bearish on KO stock heading into the company's Q4 earnings report By Vince Martin, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Feb 8, 2017, 10:12 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: 12 Stocks That Will Live and Die by Donald Trump’s Pen Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) Stock Is More Valuable Than You Think Why Sprint Corp (S) Stock Is Worth at Least 50% More Recent Posts: Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Stock Rockets 30% Higher. Ditch It! Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) Stock Is More Valuable Than You Think Why Sprint Corp (S) Stock Is Worth at Least 50% More View All Posts The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE:KO) stock provides a play for contrarians heading into its fourth-quarter earnings report. Earnings and sales have declined year-over-year in each of the last six quarters, which should keep expectations low. Meanwhile, Wall Street analysts appear to be exiting KO stock en masse. Source: Leo Hidalgo via Flickr (Modified) Morgan Stanley cut Coca-Cola stock to ‘Equal Weight’ in December; Goldman Sachs downgraded KO to ‘Sell’ last month and Wells Fargo followed with its own re-rating to Neutral barely a week later. For investors who like to buy at the point of maximum pessimism, the Coca-Cola earnings report looks like an opportunity. Of course, KO stock isn’t likely to make a huge gain off of the Coca-Cola earnings report; the stock generally doesn’t move all that much. In fact, the relatively quiet movement in Coca-Cola stock actually has been one reason analysts have turned bearish. Those analysts argue that in a more optimistic market, with broad indexes at all-time highs, KO stock’s “defensive” nature seems less attractive. Thus, investors are “rotating” away from safe, solid names like Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) into higher-risk, higher-reward issues. Perhaps this is true, but that argument only works as long as broad markets remain at or near their highs. And for Q4, that pessimism seems to leave KO stock well-positioned for gains coming out of its report. When expectations are low, after all, it’s difficult to disappoint. But the Q4 report also has long-term implications. It will be the first earnings release after the appointment of new CEO James Quincey. Quincey isn’t new to Coca-Cola; he has worked at the company for twenty years. And outgoing CEO Muhtar Kent doesn’t leave until May. But the Q4 earnings call might give Quincey a chance to detail the company’s plans to deal with consumer shifts away from soda. Those plans may be of more interest to investors in KO stock than the Q4 numbers. The KO Stock Numbers Analyst consensus projects KO stock will generate fourth-quarter earnings of $0.38, down a penny year-over-year. Revenue is expected to decline sharply, falling 8.7% year-over-year. Those estimates aren’t quite as bad as they sound, however. The strong dollar is affecting revenue: it reduced Q3 revenue by 2%, for instance. Coca-Cola also has refranchised bottling operations, which has affected revenue. In the third quarter, for instance, reported revenue was down 7%. But the company’s figure of ‘organic’ revenue — growth excluding divested operations and currency effects — rose 3%. KO is still targeting over $600 million in productivity savings this year. And KO also has brought in nearly three-quarters of a billion dollars in proceeds from the refranchising proceeds. The cost savings and cash inflow are being used in part to fund new marketing, but also are improving margins. And if Coca-Cola earnings show further margin improvements, and a surprise earnings beat that shows some bottom-line growth, the narrative here could change. With analysts pricing in a declining business, any sort of growth in Q4 could provide a nice boost to KO stock. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/02/coca-cola-co-ko-stock-great-contrarian-opportunity/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans That Are Shooting Higher 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of TV 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise on Donald Trump-Shinzo Abe Summit 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Most Popular 7 Marvelous Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for the Best of All Worlds 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 High-Risk, High-Reward Stocks to Buy Now 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in the Trump Era 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Oral Hygiene Market – Size (Value and Volume), Share, Growth, Sales, by Application, Production, Revenue and Forecast upto 2021 Oral Hygiene Market 2016 report focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the Global key players. It also provides analysis of the market share, segmentation, revenue forecasts and geographic regions of the market. The Report Spread Across 104 Pages With Tables And Figures In It. Oral Hygiene in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering – Colgate-Palmolive, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, Chattem, Church & Dwight, Dr. Fresh, GO SMiLE, Henkel, Lion, Supersmile Request a sample copy @ https://www.marketstudyreport.com/request-a-sample/?search=global-oral-hygiene-sales-market-report-2021/ Market Segment by Regions, Oral Hygiene Market report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Oral Hygiene in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like – North America, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India Global Oral Hygiene Market Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into – Type I, Type II, Type III Split by applications, Oral Hygiene Market report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Oral Hygiene in each application, can be divided into – Application 1, Application 2, Application 3 Browse full table of contents and data tables @ https://www.marketstudyreport.com/reports/global-oral-hygiene-sales-market-report-2021/ Major Points in Table of Contents Global Oral Hygiene Sales Market Report 2021 1 Oral Hygiene Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Oral Hygiene 1.2 Classification of Oral Hygiene 1.3 Applications of Oral Hygiene 1.4 Oral Hygiene Market by Regions 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Oral Hygiene (2011-2021) 1.5.1 Global Oral Hygiene Sales, Revenue and Price (2011-2021) 1.5.2 Global Oral Hygiene Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.5.3 Global Oral Hygiene Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 2 Global Oral Hygiene Market Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Oral Hygiene Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Global Oral Hygiene Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.1.2 Global Oral Hygiene Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Global Oral Hygiene (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Oral Hygiene Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.2.2 Global Oral Hygiene Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.3 Global Oral Hygiene (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Global Oral Hygiene Sales and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.3.2 Global Oral Hygiene Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.4 Global Oral Hygiene (Volume) by Application Enquiry Check for discount Global Oral Hygiene Sales Market Report @ https://www.marketstudyreport.com/check-for-discount/?search=global-oral-hygiene-sales-market-report-2021/ Related Reports: – Global Menthol Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021: Menthol is an organic compound with the chemical formula C10H20O that occurs naturally in mint and some other plants. It can be extracted from the leaves by distillation, and it can be made synthetically. Pure menthol is a crystalline solid. The compound is widely used in cough and cold remedies because of its soothing effects and as a flavoring in candy, chewing gum, medical products and cigarettes. The data of the report is based on the menthol product with purity of 99%min. And other products in lower menthol purity have been converted in the equivalent of 100%. for Read more to @ https://www.marketstudyreport.com/reports/global-menthol-market-by-manufacturers-regions-type-and-application-forecast-to-2021/   About Us: Centralize market research purchases across your entire organization in one place.Marketstudyreport.com allows you to manage and control all corporate research purchases to consolidate billing and vendor management. You can eliminate duplicate purchases and customize your content and license management. Contact Us: Market Study Report The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketstudyreport.com Website: https://www.marketstudyreport.com Connect with us: Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesUncategorized TagsGlobal Oral Hygiene Market, Google News, Industry Analysis, major, Market Analysis, Markets, Oral Hygiene, Oral Hygiene Industry Growth, Oral Hygiene Market Size, Oral Hygiene Sales, Price, satellite, satPRnews, Share, trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Statement re contract Next PostNext Summit Midstream Partners, LP Commences Cash Tender Offer for any and all of its Outstanding 7.50% Senior Notes due 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search The Master Plan Behind Ascential's Acquisition of MediaLink By Lindsay Stein - 2 minutes ago Array 0 Four Super Bowl Ads as Measured by Emotional Impact By Jared Feldman - 2 minutes ago Array 0 Drone Racing League Gets Validation With Title Sponsor By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 minutes ago Array 0 No ETA for the Mall of the Future: Westfield Rebrands Digital Labs Unit By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 minutes ago Array 0 Honda's Ad for Fuel Cell Vehicle Features Bodiless Singing Children By E.J. Schultz - 2 minutes ago Array 0 Publicis Groupe Wins MillerCoors Media Business By E.J. Schultz - 17 hours ago 0 IPG Mediabrands' Initiative Appoints First U.S. CEO, Regional Presidents By Lindsay Stein - 18 hours ago 0 The Go-To Glossary for Marketers Needing to Brush Up on AI By Garett Sloane and George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Epsilon and Others Scramble for Alexa Data from Amazon By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Former JWT North America CCO Jeff Benjamin Joins Barton F. Graf By Ann-Christine Diaz - 20 hours ago 0 The Winners of USA Today's Super Bowl Ad Meter Are ... - Yesterday 0 Snickers Extends Live Super Bowl Campaign With 'Apology' Offer By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Publicis Groupe Wins MillerCoors Media Business By E.J. Schultz - 16 hours ago 0 More Than 800 Advertisers Say They Won't Support Breitbart News By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Billboards Call Out P&G's Top Marketer as He Fights Digital Ad Fakery: 'Hey Marc, This Ad Is Real.' By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US The Master Plan Behind Ascential's Acquisition of MediaLink By Lindsay Stein. Published on February 08, 2017. Ascential CEO Duncan Painter and MediaLink Chairman-CEO Michael Kassan. Credit: MediaLink Most Popular When the parent company of the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, the London-based Ascential, said on Tuesday that it has agreed to acquire MediaLink, an influential consultancy in media and advertising, many people wondered exactly what the deal meant. Aggressive expansion seems to be one answer, based on an interview with Ascential CEO Duncan Painter and MediaLink Chairman-CEO Michael Kassan, who will continue in his role. The deal is valued at up to $207 million. A big part of MediaLink's business is making connections. It is handling Mattel's review for its $150 million media business and is involved in the search for a new president-CEO of the 4A's, the main trade association for ad agencies. IT also frequently brings people and companies together on a smaller scale. The deal will help it capitalize on events like the Cannes Lions as it does that, the executives suggested, while Cannes Lions capitalizes on MediaLink's "connectivity" in the same way. But the connections game is a high-touch effort. MediaLink and Ascential also offer information services that they believe can complement each other. "Whilst the human capital is critically important," Mr. Kassan said, "the opportunity to industrialize that is something we can benefit greatly from." On all fronts, global expansion is the goal. "MediaLink serves about 200-plus companies around the world," Ascential CEO Duncan Painter said. "We serve 24,000, so we want to get MediaLink in with their business model through all the the applicable businesses and clients that we work with and expand them globally so they have a great footprint in all the countries that we operate in today, which is 160 that we trade in and 16 that we have critical mass in." Read the full interview: Advertising Age: When people hear Ascential, they tend to only think of the Cannes Lions. Can you explain more about the information services division? Duncan Painter: The division is made up of effectively six primary brands that are large scale information services subscription products. They also provide brand advisory and consultancy services around what they do. The biggest brand that would be known in North America and the biggest brand in our group is WGSN, which is the fashion trend forecasting information platform. For any consumer products that are considered fashionable -- from apparel through mobile phone manufacturers, like Apple and Samsung to car manufacturers -- use the information services platform for informational forecasts that set out what's going to be fashionable for consumers two years from now and what consumers will be using. It's a product that's an access of $100 million in revenue, but it's all subscriptions. The second biggest product in that area is called One Click Retail, which is a subscription information service that basically allows its end brands consumers, so those like Unilever, Procter & Gamble, Colgate and Mondelez, to effectively monitor their sales and shares on Amazon in comparison to their competitors. Ad Age: How did the deal come about? Michael Kassan: As we started to develop a conversation over the past months with Ascential, we saw the opportunity to dial up our piece of it into the information services part of the business. There's a lot we can do in terms of the productization, digitization and industrialization of our service offering. A service business is one of those things that is more about human capital and what we're trying to say that whilst the human capital is critically important, the opportunity to industrialize that is something we can benefit greatly from and that's something that Ascential certainly has expertise with. The other piece in which we first engaged with Ascential is obviously with the event side of our business. The event strategy and tactical part of our business is a very important piece of what some of our clients look for, but it's a manifestation of what we do in terms of connectivity. We try to find opportunities to bring people together in an efficient way, and places like the Cannes Lions and Money 20/20, do it in that way. Our ability to capitalize on that and bring our unique selling proposition against those tent pole events is something we see as a great extension of our existing business line. The opportunity to have Ascential in the role of information and us in the role of connectivity is a perfect marriage of what each of us do really well. Ad Age: Why buy MediaLink in particular? Mr. Painter: It's a hard-headed support of clients that brings the two businesses together to really provide them a best-in-class, most-informed service to let them make core decisions around how and who to operate and work with going forward to get the best results. At the end of the day, the brand customers we serve never had a more difficult market in which to operate in. They're facing massive transitions themselves, from big box traditional retail or distribution through larger retail operations into online and marketplace transitions. They're trying to establish brands where the retail operations they're serving are contracting. They're trying to balance all that by getting more efficiency into their products and dealing with global economic and political changes that are driving all kinds of pressures through inflation and non-inflation and exchange rates, so executing success has never been harder. We believe the information we provide to brands across all of our platforms, plus the unique information we can capture and make available through Cannes Lions and deliver to MediaLink, really does ensure that between the two of us, we can partner with our clients and give them deep information to make sure they're maximizing their performance this year and the next year. It will also ensure that they're spending money with the right kind of partners to deliver great business results for themselves and great return on their marketing and sales expenses. Ad Age: What's the strategic advantage for MediaLink? Mr. Kassan: For MediaLink, what it means is a validation of our business model and an understanding that we can take it the next level with geographic growth alongside Ascential. For our people it's a celebration of a job well done and a clear picture of the job we have in front of us to continue to make a difference in this marketplace and continue to find opportunities to capitalize on the change, as well as the chaos and disruption. When I say capitalize, I don't mean it in a pejorative way, but in an extremely positive way because I think it's okay to be opportunistic if in the context that you can serve a greater good for the industry. There's never been a time where this industry has been more disrupted and going through massive change in terms of the players around the table and how they find their value and satisfy the needs of their clients and customers, and we think we can help in that. Ad Age: How about the strategic advantage for Ascential? Mr. Painter: From our side, it's really easy. MediaLink has a great business model. It's a very well-run business with great leadership. Simply what we want to do is what we do with all of our brands, which is to expand. MediaLink serves about 200-plus companies around the world. We serve 24,000, so we want to get MediaLink in with their business model through all the the applicable businesses and clients that we work with and expand them globally so they have a great footprint in all the countries that we operate in today, which is 160 that we trade in and 16 that we have critical mass in. And we want to get them to expand their products and services into other areas of business support and brands and fashion organizations where we already have great strengths but where we can see their business model has high applicability. We can see great opportunity for MediaLink's growth worldwide, but more importantly, great opportunity to better serve our customers and brands. Ad Age: We spoke earlier about the line between the information services side of Ascential's business and the event side, so does this deal mean that MediaLink, which is largely known for its networking and connectivity, won't be doing those types of events and activities anymore? Mr. Kassan: No, absolutely not. We think that's going to be something that is stepped up. We've built that presence in Cannes, as well as CES. The connectivity that MediaLink is famous for is very core to our business and we think the opportunity to plug into some of the clients that we don't work with and some of the other opportunities that Ascential will present to us, if anything, are additive and accretive to both sides. Ad Age: Are there any areas that Ascential wants to grow through its relationship with MediaLink? Mr. Painter: We see huge areas that the MediaLink business model and the work that they do can immediately transition into a lot of the fashion brands we work with and a lot of the goods manufacturers around consumer products that we're supporting and working with in the design space. We think there's an awful lot of work that MediaLink does on the marketing side that can easily transpose into those areas. Secondly, a big area of growth that our brands are demanding from us is how we help them activate and execute on go-to-market strategies and marketplace platforms, Amazon being the prime example. We're certainly looking across all the client relationships we have there to ask MediaLink to expand out and provide further services using our tool sets and insights to help brands really help activate their sales and drive faster sales growth for many of those businesses on platforms like Amazon, but also Jet. In this article: Agencies Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Global Microbial Products Market Is Grow At A CAGR Over 5.7% Mark By Forecast To 2027   View as PDF  Print View    Global Microbial Products Market Research Report, by application (Pesticides Fertilizers, Microbial Biopharmaceuticals, Therapeutics by end users (Healthcare, Manufacturing, Agriculture)- Forecast to 2027 Pune, India - February 8, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Market Highlights Microbial Product is referred as those industrial products which are used as microorganism for various purposes. This market has been evaluated as $10 million and is continuously growing. As compared to the year 2010, this market has been grown moderate to the CAGR rate of more than 5.7% annually. Microbial products has various applications in the various segments including, Agriculture as the biggest market followed by the healthcare, manufacturing industry and power and energy. Microbial products such as fertilizers and pesticides are widely used to help in the growth of the plants and the increase the fertility of the soil. Microbial products offer various features include variety of uses and cost benefits. "Ask for your specific company profile and country level customization on report." Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/765 Global Microbial Products Market Report: Market Segmentation On the basis of end user: o Agriculture o Manufacturing o Healthcare o Energy o Environment On the basis of application o In Agriculture (Pesticides- Bacteria, Protozoa, Fungi, Nematodes, Fertilizers- Nitrogen bio fertilizers, phosphorus bio fertilizers) o In Healthcare (Microbial Biopharmaceuticals, Therapeutics) o In Manufacturing (Food Processing, Enzymes, Biopolymers) o In Energy (Biofuels, Microbial-Enhanced Oil Recovery, Microbial Fuel Cells, Hydrogen Production) Global Microbial Products Market Report: Key Players o Valent BioSciences Corp. o LAM International o BioOrganics Inc o Mycorrhizal Applications Inc o METabolic EXplorer S.A. o Procter & Gamble Co. o Lesaffre et Compagnie o Novo Nordisk A/S o Amyris Inc. o Gevo o REG Life Sciences LLC o Desert Sweet Biofuels o Natural Environmental Systems LLC o Bioremediation Inc. o BIO-SYSTEMS International Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 85 market data tables and figures spread in 145 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on "Global Solenoid valve Market Research Report- Forecast to 2027" Global Microbial Products Market Report: Regional Analysis North America is a leading player in the market of Microbial product with the aggregate market share of XX% followed by the Europe region. Countries in the North America such as the US and Canada is having more control over their domestic market for agriculture, healthcare, manufacturing and others. This countries are well developed in the above segment and using the microbial products from very long time. Europe region is having market share of XX% and countries like Germany, UK are well established in the industry of healthcare and agriculture, and also consumes the microbial products in very large quantity. The fastest growing market for the Microbial products is the Asia Pacific as this region holds the more than 41% of global population and having both developed countries as well as developing countries. China and Asia which are under the developing phase is becoming the biggest market for microbial products as most of the population of this countries are dependent on the agriculture and microbial market is dominated by the agriculture industry. Brief TOC of Global Microbial Products Market 1 Executive Summary 2 Scope of the Report 2.1 Market Definition 2.2 Scope of the Study 2.3 Markets Structure 3 Market Research Methodology 3.1 Research Process 3.2 Secondary Research 3.3 Primary Research 3.4 Forecast Model 4 Market Landscape 5 Industry Overview of Global Microbial Products Market 5.1 Introduction 5.2 Growth Drivers 5.3 Impact analysis 5.4 Market Challenges Continued.... Browse full TOC, Tables, Figures and Companies mentioned @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/microbial-products-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Contact Info: Name: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Organization: Market Research future Address: Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-microbial-products-market-is-grow-at-a-cagr-over-5-7-mark-by-forecast-to-2027/167967 For more information, please visit https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/microbial-products-market Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 167967 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Leadzio Software Has Been Launched - 5 Steps To Help Marketers Get All The Leads They Can Handle (Sat 11th Feb 17) Raj Prem - Inspired to Exhibit in Qatar, Expands His Art Works Internationally (Sat 11th Feb 17) Winter Dry Skin Revival Radiance Kit For Rejuvenating Face & Body Care Released (Sat 11th Feb 17) Tiny Frog Recognized as a Top Web Designer In U.S. (Sat 11th Feb 17) Mens Snapback Hats With Gold Plated Logo & Red Seude Underbill Announced (Sat 11th Feb 17) Universal Wealth Managers Announces New Website Launch to Simplify the Infinite Banking Concept (Sat 11th Feb 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / HighRadius to Ramp-Up European Presence with Expansion and Key Hires HighRadius to Ramp-Up European Presence with Expansion and Key Hires Posted on February 8, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases HighRadius adds a key location in London and supplements its ability to serve Europe with an expanded, dedicated team Houston, TX (PRWEB) February 08, 2017 HighRadius announced today the opening of another location, this time in London, United Kingdom to deliver Credit and Accounts Receivable automation to the European market. In addition to the new location, HighRadius has hired Gwyn Roberts, Vice President, EMEA to lead the sales and operations at the new location and aid in the expansion and development of business growth and customer success throughout Europe. “While HighRadius solutions are already bringing value to many global clients, such as Kimberly Clark, P&G, Tech Data, Johnson Control, adidas Group, Huntsman, L'Oréal, Intel, Under Armour, Starbucks and Ingram Micro, our new European office will allow us to offer the same benefit to European-based organizations by employing the HighRadius Integrated Receivables solutions. Our technology is the only software that offers an end-to-end platform to deliver automation across the order-to-cash cycle,” said Sashi Narahari, President and CEO of HighRadius. The HighRadius Integrated Receivables Suite is offered as cloud-based SaaS solutions in a holistic approach to optimize credit and A/R. Credit Cloud replaces and automates the paper-intensive credit review and management process. Electronic Invoice Presentment and Payment (EIPP) Cloud speeds up invoice communication and reduces the cost of invoicing. Cash Application Cloud offers the leading comprehensive solution for automating cash application across all payment and remittance formats. Deductions Cloud automates claims backup collection, trade deduction resolution and correspondence. Collections Cloud offers automated collection strategies and dispute management. The products work together or as standalone solutions to eliminate manual tasks and optimize the specific business processes. The HighRadius Integrated Receivables for SAP® S4/HANA Finance provides native automation and productivity enhancements for companies looking to maximize ROI on their SAP investment and improve productivity gains across SAP Credit Management, Collections and Dispute Management and Biller Direct. Gwyn’s addition to the HighRadius team brings a tremendous depth of experience delivering software and services to clients in Europe. Gwyn was Director of Business Development for CIMCON Software, where he grew business with specific emphasis on the market in the United Kingdom and EMEA, to include staff recruitment, new business generation and marketing. Gwyn was also Business Development Director for Thomson Reuters, where he worked to drive new business and expand existing client relationships, achieving consecutive years of above target revenue generation. His years at SunGard (now FIS) and Business Objects (now SAP) will provide additional experience in adding new clients, scaling sales teams and building operations to meet the demands of the growing business at HighRadius. “As an organization, HighRadius has seen tremendous growth, delivering cutting-edge technology with Robotic Process Automation- and Artificial Intelligence-driven engines that provide superior automation and efficiency gains to credit and A/R practitioners. This success has established us as the leader in the Fortune 1000 market. The new London office will continue our growth trend as we expand the delivery of benefits and value to companies with a European presence,” added Jay Tchakarov, Vice President of Product Management and Marketing at HighRadius. About HighRadius HighRadius Integrated Receivables Cloud is the only end-to-end credit-to-cash platform for automating credit, collections, deductions, cash application, lockbox processing, EIPP and electronic payments processing. HighRadius offers turnkey implementation services for SAP Receivables Management (formerly FSCM) modules, and accelerators that enhance SAP functionality. With more than 250 global clients, HighRadius solutions have a proven track record of reducing days sales outstanding and bad-debt, while increasing operational efficiency and realizing ROI in under 6 months. For More Information Contact: Tara Gallagher Marketing Manager tara.gallagher(at)highradius.com 281.972.2101 For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14044039.htm Latest News Mazzitti & Sullivan Counseling Services Launches New Website Introducing the First Guitar Stand ​That Fits in the Palm of Your Hand Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Paso Robles Plumber Quality 1st Plumbing Announces Special Discount For Local Veterans Pixel Film Studios Announces TransFocus Layers for Final Cut Pro X Vernon Computer Source Offering $2,000 Scholarship National Debt Relief Explains When Debt Consolidation Is A Good And Bad Idea Uncorked Wine Tours Releases “Top Paso Robles Wine Tour Stops” List for 2017 Credit2B Announces Addition of Chief Product Officer © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Anniversary specialElection news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, Feb 08 2017. 03 37 AM IST Renuka Ramnath’s Multiples PE in talks for PeopleStrong acquisition Multiples plans to buy about 80% in HR start-up PeopleStrong from various funds, including Lumis Partners, HDFC Holdings and The HR Fund, for Rs400 crore Subscribe to our newsletter. Reghu Balakrishnan Renuka Ramnath, founder and chief executive, Multiples Alternate Asset Management Pvt. Ltd. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint Mumbai: Renuka Ramnath-led private equity (PE) fund Multiples Alternate Asset Management Pvt. Ltd is in advanced talks to buy a controlling stake in human resources (HR) outsourcing and technology firm PeopleStrong for Rs400 crore, two people aware of the development said. Multiples plans to buy about 80% in PeopleStrong from various funds, including PE firm Lumis Partners, HDFC Holdings and The HR Fund, the first of the two people said, on condition of anonymity. Global investment bank Lincoln International is advising PeopleStrong to find a buyer. Founded in 2005, PeopleStrong provides services to about 175 multinational and Indian clients, including Tata Motors Ltd, Hero MotoCorp Ltd, Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd, Procter and Gamble India Ltd, Mondelez India Foods Pvt. Ltd, HDFC Life, Indig o Airlines, Vistara, Cipla Ltd, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd, Hindalco Industries Ltd, Wipro Ltd and CitiBank India. It is present in 40 Indian cities and employs more than 800 professionals. Founded in 2005, PeopleStrong received investments worth Rs50 crore early on. It received institutional funding from Lumis Partners in 2011 and a second round of funding from Lumis and HDFC Holdings in 2013. Its financial details and shareholding pattern is not yet known. In 2013, PeopleStrong had made a strategic investment in WheeBox, a talent assessment company, and acquired Webpay, a leading HR and payroll product provider in 2014. Mails sent to Pankaj Bansal, co-founder and chief executive officer, PeopleStrong; Rohit Bhayana, managing partner and co-founder, Lumis Partners, and mails and text messages sent to Utkarsh Joshi, principal, The HR Fund, and Renuka Ramnath, founder and chief executive of Multiples, went unanswered. Spokespersons for HDFC and Lincoln International declined to comment. “It is not yet clear whether the promoters of PeopleStrong, including Bansal, will retain their minority stake in the proposed transaction,” said the second person mentioned above on condition of anonymity. Before Multiples, there were talks with a handful of PE funds and global strategic investors, this person added. “In the past few years, there has been a high level of investor interest in HR firms, primarily those in the HR tech space, and to some extent, those in the broader staffing industry. HR tech is being viewed as a breakthrough sector in an industry which otherwise hasn’t changed significantly in the past 15 years,” said Sunit Mehra, managing partner at talent advisory firm Hunt Partners. Besides interest from PE funds, several HR-focused funds have been launched in the past. The HR Fund, one of the investors in PeopleStrong, is India’s first HR-focused private investment firm. Set up in 2011, The HR Fund invested in Gurgaon-based PeopleMatters Media Pvt. Ltd, Chennai-based HR start-up PiQube, Bengaluru-based talent transformation-focused software firm KNOLSKAPE Solutions Pvt. Ltd and women’s career destination platform Sheroes. “The general view is that if some of the ideas which have been invested in succeed, especially in areas such as people analytics and assessment, it could herald game-changing practices for the industry as a whole,” Mehra added. Reghu Balakrishnan Topics: Multiples PE Renuka Ramnath PeopleStrong acquisition HR start-up More From Livemint READ MORE Gold prices recover by Rs225, silver tops Rs43,000 RBI governor Urjit Patel nudges banks to reduce lending rates Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business First Published: Wed, Feb 08 2017. 02 43 AM IST Editor's Picks Infosys row seen as Narayana Murthy vs Vishal Sikka personality clash Govt appoints directors of 10 IIMs; G. Raghuram to head IIM-Bangalore Tariffs for world’s biggest solar power plant hit all-time low of Rs2.97/unit Latest News Gold prices recover by Rs225, silver tops Rs43,000 RBI governor Urjit Patel nudges banks to reduce lending rates Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business Sasikala to meet AIADMK MLAs, seeks appointment with Governor to parade lawmakers Manish Sisodia files RTI on Centre’s ad initiatives on social media Mint On Sunday The rise and fall of the Muslim social drama The reproducibility paradox What I’ve learned from a crackpot philosopher Nadal and Federer: the shots, not the man Letter from... Vigata Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 22°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Friday, February 10, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds NewsFeed with Zuri Berry, Joe Dwinell Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Procter & Gamble wants to clean up with Super Bowl ads Brian Steinberg Sunday, February 05, 2017 Credit: Associated Press This frame grab from video provided by Procter & Gamble shows Rob Gronkowski, right, and Jeffrey Tambor in Tide's "Gronk’s Cleaners Discount" Super Bowl 51 spot. The New England Patriots face the Atlanta Falcons in Super Bowl 51, on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. (Procter & Gamble via AP) comments Super Bowl ads typically tell viewers what kind of beer to drink, what kind of candy to eat and what sort of car to drive. This year, they will also suggest how to keep tidy after the event is over. Procter & Gamble, one of the nation's biggest manufacturers of consumer products like Pampers, Crest, and Dawn, is adding quite the clean-up crew to the Super Bowl ad roster. Fans who watch Super Bowl LI this Sunday will see spots for the company's Tide detergent, Febreze air freshener and Mr. Clean cleaning products. For the Cincinnati company, the presence is oversized: Super Bowl LI will mark the only time Procter & Gamble has run more than a single national ad in the Big Game since first dipping its toe into Super Bowl ad waters in 2004. And the move makes Procter one of the event's bigger sponsors this year, on par with Pepsi or Fiat Chrysler. Why is the maker of Bounty backing what might be called a triple-ply presence? Its move is emblematic of what media buyers and TV sales executives say has been a pronounced shift of ad spending in the last year. Consumer packaged goods companies -historically some of the biggest ad spenders on TV - have in recent years earmarked some of that money for digital outlets in a bid to keep pace with consumers testing out emerging venues like streaming video or mobile tablets. Over the last year, however, the sector has reversed course, and returned some of the money to TV. Marc Pritchard, P&G's chief brand officer, has in recent months been quite public about his desire to prioritize reach, or getting its marketing messages in front of masses of consumers. TV often provides a good means of attaining that goal. The Super Bowl ad ranks contain fewer makers of pharmaceuticals and automobiles, noted Bruce Lefkowitz, executive vice president of ad sales for Fox Networks Group, in an interview. But he said he has noticed a surge of interest from consumer-packaged goods companies. "They are starting to see the scale and attention they get at the Super Bowl are unsurpassed, and it comes on the heels of last year's upfront, when you saw a migration by consumer packaged goods companies from the digital world back into television," he said. In the "upfront," TV networks try to sell the bulk of their ad inventory for the coming program season. P&G has advertised Tide in past Super Bowls, but Mr. Clean and Febreze are making their debut. Tide, which has gained notice in previous editions of the gridiron classic with a 2008 ad featuring a talking stain, is expected to run an ad centered around football player Rob Gronkowski and actor Jeffrey Tambor. Febreze will highlight its new "OdorClear" technology which tackles odors in the air and surfaces. Mr. Clean will turn its bald-headed mascot into something of a romantic foil. Despite its decades of TV advertising, Procter is a relatively young Super Bowl sponsor. It first aligned itself with the Super Bowl in 2004, when it held an internal contest among six of its brands to see which one should get a Super Bowl commercial. The winner that year was Charmin. Since that time, P&G has taken to the football championship four other times. It placed Gillette on the field in 2006; ran ads for Tide in 2008 and 2013; and launched a commercial for Always in 2015. &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;iframe class=&amp;quot;youtube-player&amp;quot; type=&amp;quot;text/html&amp;quot; width=&amp;quot;670&amp;quot; height=&amp;quot;407&amp;quot; src=&amp;quot;http://www.youtube.com/embed/7gLjYrEDoxw?version=3&amp;amp;amp;rel=1&amp;amp;amp;fs=1&amp;amp;amp;autohide=2&amp;amp;amp;showsearch=0&amp;amp;amp;showinfo=1&amp;amp;amp;iv_load_policy=1&amp;amp;amp;wmode=transparent&amp;quot; allowfullscreen=&amp;quot;true&amp;quot; style=&amp;quot;border:0;&amp;quot;/&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;For the &amp;lt;location&amp;gt;Cincinnati&amp;lt;/location&amp;gt; company, the presence is oversized: Super Bowl LI will mark the only time &amp;lt;org value=&amp;quot;NYSE:PG&amp;quot; idsrc=&amp;quot;xmltag.org&amp;quot;&amp;gt;Procter &amp;amp;amp; Gamble&amp;lt;/org&amp;gt; has run more than a single national ad in the Big Game since first dipping its toe into &amp;lt;org&amp;gt;Super Bowl&amp;lt;/org&amp;gt; ad waters in 2004. And the move makes Procter one of the event&amp;#39;s bigger sponsors this year, on par with Pepsi or &amp;lt;org&amp;gt;Fiat Chrysler&amp;lt;/org&amp;gt;.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Why is the maker of Bounty backing what might be called a triple-ply presence? Its move is emblematic of what media buyers and TV sales executives say has been a pronounced shift of ad spending in the last year.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Consumer packaged goods companies -historically some of the biggest ad spenders on TV - have in recent years earmarked some of that money for digital outlets in a bid to keep pace with consumers testing out emerging venues like streaming video or mobile tablets. &amp;lt;a data-cke-saved-href=&amp;quot;http://variety.com/2016/tv/news/2016-tv-upftont-networks-advertising-increases-1201824887/&amp;quot; href=&amp;quot;http://variety.com/2016/tv/news/2016-tv-upftont-networks-advertising-increases-1201824887/&amp;quot; rel=&amp;quot;nofollow&amp;quot;&amp;gt;Over the last year, however, the sector has reversed course, and returned some of the money to TV&amp;lt;/a&amp;gt;. &amp;lt;i&amp;gt;&amp;lt;person&amp;gt;Marc Pritchard&amp;lt;/person&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/i&amp;gt;, P&amp;amp;amp;G&amp;#39;s chief brand officer, has in recent months been quite public about his desire to prioritize reach, or getting its marketing messages in front of masses of consumers. TV often provides a good means of attaining that goal.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The &amp;lt;org&amp;gt;Super Bowl&amp;lt;/org&amp;gt; ad ranks contain fewer makers of pharmaceuticals and automobiles, noted &amp;lt;i&amp;gt;&amp;lt;person&amp;gt;Bruce Lefkowitz&amp;lt;/person&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/i&amp;gt;, executive vice president of ad sales for &amp;lt;org value=&amp;quot;ACORN:1739812468&amp;quot; idsrc=&amp;quot;xmltag.org&amp;quot;&amp;gt;Fox Networks Group&amp;lt;/org&amp;gt;, in an interview. But he said he has noticed a surge of interest from consumer-packaged goods companies.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;quot;They are starting to see the scale and attention they get at the &amp;lt;org&amp;gt;Super Bowl&amp;lt;/org&amp;gt; are unsurpassed, and it comes on the heels of last year&amp;#39;s upfront, when you saw a migration by consumer packaged goods companies from the digital world back into television,&amp;quot; he said. In the &amp;quot;upfront,&amp;quot; TV networks try to sell the bulk of their ad inventory for the coming program season.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;P&amp;amp;amp;G has advertised Tide in past Super Bowls, but Mr. Clean and Febreze are making their debut. Tide, which has gained notice in previous editions of the gridiron classic with a 2008 ad featuring a talking stain, is expected to run an ad centered around football player &amp;lt;i&amp;gt;&amp;lt;person&amp;gt;Rob Gronkowski&amp;lt;/person&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/i&amp;gt; and actor &amp;lt;i&amp;gt;&amp;lt;person&amp;gt;Jeffrey Tambor&amp;lt;/person&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/i&amp;gt;. Febreze will highlight its new &amp;quot;OdorClear&amp;quot; technology which tackles odors in the air and surfaces. Mr. Clean will turn its bald-headed mascot into something of a romantic foil.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;iframe class=&amp;quot;youtube-player&amp;quot; type=&amp;quot;text/html&amp;quot; width=&amp;quot;670&amp;quot; height=&amp;quot;407&amp;quot; src=&amp;quot;http://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PLpZMjEEM864Qv6JhAWmfDiYg7bnrYe8h2&amp;amp;amp;hl=en_US&amp;quot; allowfullscreen=&amp;quot;true&amp;quot; style=&amp;quot;border:0;&amp;quot;/&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Despite its decades of &amp;lt;a data-cke-saved-href=&amp;quot;http://variety.com/t/tv-advertising/&amp;quot; href=&amp;quot;http://variety.com/t/tv-advertising/&amp;quot; id=&amp;quot;auto-tag_tv-advertising&amp;quot; data-tag=&amp;quot;tv-advertising&amp;quot;&amp;gt;TV advertising&amp;lt;/a&amp;gt;, Procter is a relatively young &amp;lt;org&amp;gt;Super Bowl&amp;lt;/org&amp;gt; sponsor. It first aligned itself with the &amp;lt;org&amp;gt;Super Bowl&amp;lt;/org&amp;gt; in 2004, when it held an internal contest among six of its brands to see which one should get a &amp;lt;org&amp;gt;Super Bowl&amp;lt;/org&amp;gt; commercial. The winner that year was Charmin. Since that time, P&amp;amp;amp;G has taken to the football championship four other times. It placed Gillette on the field in 2006; ran ads for Tide in 2008 and 2013; and launched a commercial for Always in 2015.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;img data-cke-saved-src=&amp;quot;http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=7&amp;amp;amp;c2=6035310&amp;amp;amp;c3=10000&amp;amp;amp;cv=2.0&amp;amp;amp;cj=1&amp;quot; src=&amp;quot;http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=7&amp;amp;amp;c2=6035310&amp;amp;amp;c3=10000&amp;amp;amp;cv=2.0&amp;amp;amp;cj=1&amp;quot;/&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;copy; 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media; Distributed by &amp;lt;org value=&amp;quot;ACORN:1710382793&amp;quot; idsrc=&amp;quot;xmltag.org&amp;quot;&amp;gt;Tribune Content Agency, LLC&amp;lt;/org&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; ]]&amp;amp;gt; &amp;lt;/div.content&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;   More On: Tribune Content Agency Super Bowl ads Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets L.L. Bean free shipping may get the boot brian dowling real estate Old space made new in South End adam smith business & markets Sears may sell land, cut jobs to save $1B; shares soar associated press technology Uber strikes deal with Zipcar in attempt to attract new drivers jordan graham Trending Now L.L. Bean freezes pension, offers early outs L.L. Bean freezes pension, offers early retirements; taking hard look at generous shipping, return policies Bolling: Liz Warren goes high to surpass old boys’ club Report: Despite DCF efforts, 35 kids died in state care Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Iowa doesn’t need two classes of public sector unions More casino proposals for Cedar Rapids emerge Kennedy continues turnaround, brushes past Prairie, 69-63 A closer look at Iowa basketball’s game notes reveals helpful reminder of Minnesota controversy Cedar Rapids man charged for vehicle collision that left two dead in rural Linn County Prep basketball roundup: Austin Ash's 29 points carry Mount Vernon past Marion Iowa wrestling blasts Indiana, 32-7 Kennedy continues turnaround, brushes past Prairie, 69-63 Xavier leads throughout, tops Linn-Mar, 64-48 Xavier makes it 8 in a row Super Bowl ads score eyeballs with political football Video Photo A scene from Budweiser's Super Bowl ad. (image captured from video) By Tim Baysinger, Reuters Feb 6, 2017 at 8:14 am | Print View NEW YORK — With Americans’ attention more finely tuned to the political climate under U.S. President Donald Trump, brands that dove headfirst into that conversation generated the most reaction from viewers during Sunday’s Super Bowl. For much of the evening, the chatter around commercials by Airbnb Inc, Coca-Cola Co and Budweiser was more exciting than the Super Bowl itself. That changed late in the game, the New England Patriots pulled off a 25-point comeback to defeat the Atlanta Falcons in the National Football League’s first-ever overtime Super Bowl. With the thrilling finish, viewers could exceed the 114.4 million who watched 2015 Super Bowl in 2015, providing a massive audience for advertisers who paid more than $5 million for 30 seconds of airtime. A teaser for the second season of Netflix Inc’s hit show “Stranger Things,” as well as celebrity-studded and humorous ads from T-Mobile US Inc and Procter & Gamble Co’s Mr. Clean, drew the most attention on social media. Still, brands such as Airbnb, that leaned into subjects of diversity and immigration, by and large sparked the most conversation among viewers. The company’s ad, featuring a diverse group of employees touting a message of acceptance, will be seen by many as a criticism of Trump’s immigration policies. Airbnb was one of the last to buy a Super Bowl spot; co-founder Brian Chesky wrote on Twitter they purchased and shot the ad last Thursday. The commercial was among the most discussed by viewers, generating nearly 78,000 tweets between 6:30 p.m. and 11 p.m. EST, data from digital marketing technology company Amobee shows. During the pregame, Coca-Cola re-aired its ad from the 2014 Super Bowl, which featured “America the Beautiful” sung in different languages, which prompted more than 74,000 tweets. Budweiser’s spot, telling the story of Anheuser-Busch’s immigrant co-founder Adolphus Busch, and Pennsylvania-based building materials company 84 Lumber Co’s ad were among the most talked about as well. 84 Lumber’s commercial had to be reworked after Fox rejected an initial version that featured a border wall, which was in the company’s full-length online version. Amobee data found the sentiment for the ads skewed positive. Advertisers have been grappling with how to reach consumers in the political climate under Trump, when viewers’ increasingly partisan attitudes make it more difficult to market to a broad audience. “It’s America paying attention to us and really ranking us, when they so often try to ignore what advertising does,” said Ted Royer, chief creative officer of creative agency Droga5, which created Sprint Corp’s ad targeting rival carrier Verizon Communications Inc. Trump’s November election, and his subsequent action on immigration and other issues has nearly split the population. That divide has left the stakes higher for advertisers devising campaigns for some of the biggest U.S. brands, which typically avoid politics, for fear of upsetting consumers. “There’s a lot more anxiety, self-inflicted anxiety, in the country than there has been ever in the past,” said Mike Sheldon, chairman and chief executive of ad agency Deutsch, who created Busch’s first-ever Super Bowl ad.         Your next Nation & World articles Ford investing $1 billion in start-up New York man accused of bomb plot admits ... NFL indicates Texas 'bathroom bill' may ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Global Microencapsulation Market is Expected to Reach $9.20 Billion by 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Microencapsulation market is estimated at $5.6 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.20 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 10.43% from 2015 to 2022. Rising prevalence of encapsulation methods in medical products, agriculture and detergent market is projected to drive the market growth in the couple of years. Increasing requirements for phase change materials (PCM) in HVAC and construction applications for providing improved efficiency is expected to have a positive impact on the market in the near future. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/microencapsulation-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 In 2013, Pharmaceuticals was the largest in application segment which holds more than 65% of market revenue share. Rising importance for the market in controlled release of energetic products and focused drug delivery is expected to have a positive impact on the market. Pharmaceuticals development in emerging economies of India, China and Brazil is projected to have a prospective growth in the market over the coming years. Entry of nanotechnology and macrotechnology in pharmaceutical industry are the key challenges for the market growth in the next upcoming years. Some of the key players in the market are Encapsys, GAT Microencapsulation GmbH, Reed Pacific, Ronald T Dodge Co., Balchem Corporation, Microtek Laboratories, Nestle, Aveka Inc., Procter & Gamble Co. (P&G), Lipo Technologies, BASF, Capsulae, 3M Company, Evonik Industries AG, Dow Corning Corp., Taste Tech Ltd. and Bayer AG. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184890 Applications Covered: Food additives Household products Agrochemicals Pharmaceuticals Other Applications Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt Buy the report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184890 What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Electronics, Food and Beverage, Google News, Industry, Machinery, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, Microencapsulation Market, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Media Advisory: Airbnb’s head of Global Policy & Public Affairs to Address EC Next PostNext 2013-2023: Military and Civil Aviation Passive Radar Market Overview of Passive Radar Technology Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Omnicom quarterly revenue misses estimate By Reuters Published: 07:14 EST, 7 February 2017 | Updated: 07:14 EST, 7 February 2017 e-mail Feb 7 (Reuters) - Omnicom Group Inc, the No. 1 U.S. advertising company, reported lower-than-expected quarterly revenue due to a strong dollar, following prominent political events such as Brexit and the U.S. presidential election. Revenue, for the company which is one of the "big four" ad agencies, rose 2.1 percent to $4.24 billion, but missed analysts' average estimate of $4.26 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. New York-based Omnicom, whose clients include Apple Inc , Procter & Gamble, McDonald's Corp and Adidas, said negative impact of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue in the fourth quarter by 1.8 percent. The dollar had risen 6.8 percent against a basket of major currencies in the quarter ended Dec. 31. The company did not break up revenue by geography in its quarterly report. However, according to Thomson Reuters data, about 38 percent of Omnicom's total revenue in 2015 came from outside the Americas region. Omnicom said organic revenue in North America rose 0.6 percent in the latest quarter. Subsidiaries of Omnicom and fellow competitor Publicis Groupe SA were subpoenaed by the U.S. Department of Justice in December, as part of an investigation whether ad agencies had rigged bids to favor in-house production units. Rival Interpublic Group of Cos Inc earlier in December said that one of its domestic agencies had been contacted by the DoJ as part of the investigation. Advertising companies have been exploring new revenue streams and are trying to keep up with clients' increasing demand for video content. The company's net income rose to $348.7 million, or $1.47 per share, in the latest quarter, from $328.3 million, or $1.35 per share, a year earlier. Analysts' on average were expecting earnings of $1.44 per share. (Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Martina D'Couto) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Accenture Interactive Hires Top Brazilian Creative Eco Moliterno By Alexandra Jardine - just now Array 0 How and When Brands Should Jump Into Trump-Charged Issues By Lindsay Stein - just now Array 0 Epsilon and Others Scramble for Alexa Data from Amazon By Kate Kaye - just now Array 0 Three Ways Facebook Has Jumped the Shark for Marketers By Judy Shapiro - just now Array 0 The Go-To Glossary for Marketers Needing to Brush Up on AI By Garett Sloane - just now Array 0 Anatomy of an Ad: Moment of Truth for Tide's Stain By Nathan Skid - 18 hours ago 0 See All the Ads From Super Bowl LI, Best to Worst, A to Z Yesterday 0 Snickers Extends Live Super Bowl Campaign With 'Apology' Offer By Jessica Wohl - 19 hours ago 0 Halftime is Halftime 21 hours ago 0 Super Bowl LI Ad Review: In a Big Moment, Some Marketers Find Footing By Nat Ives - Yesterday 0 See All the Ads From Super Bowl LI, Best to Worst, A to Z - Yesterday 0 Super Bowl LI Ad Review: Facing a Big Moment, Enough Marketers Find Their Footing By Nat Ives - Yesterday 0 The Winners of USA Today's Super Bowl Ad Meter Are ... - 23 hours ago 0 POLL: Which Super Bowl Ad Was the Best? - Yesterday 0 Snickers Extends Live Super Bowl Campaign With 'Apology' Offer By Jessica Wohl - 19 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Accenture Interactive Hires Top Brazilian Creative Eco Moliterno By Alexandra Jardine. Published on February 07, 2017. Eco Moliterno Credit: Meio & Mensagem Most Popular One of Brazil's leading creatives, Eco Moliterno, is joining Accenture Interactive in Sao Paulo in the latest move by consulting companies like Accenture to enter the creative agency space. At Accenture Interactive, Moliterno's role will be to lead creative, staff up the creative team, and participate in restructuring the company in Latin America, reported Meio & Mensagem, Ad Age's editorial partner in Brazil. Moliterno was creative VP at Sao Paulo agency Africa. He will join Accenture in March. Accenture Interactive entered Brazil in 2015, buying Brazilian agency AD Dialeto and launching a Sao Paulo office of Fjord, a U.K.-based design business acquired by Accenture in 2013. Diego Medvedocky Grey Group has promoted Diego Medvedocky to chief creative officer of Grey Latin America. Medvedocky joined Grey Argentina three years ago as chief creative officer, and in 2014 was designated chairman of the Grey Latin America Creative Council. Medvedocky is also a member of the Grey Global Creative Council. Most recently, he was chosen to be part of Grey's select Procter & Gamble Global group. Under Medvedocky's creative leadership, Grey Argentina doubled the agency's revenue, as well as its number of clients. Noel Fenn and Matt Antonello Credit: FCB Toronto Matt Antonello and Noel Fenn have joined FCB Toronto as group creative directors. Antonello got his start as a writer and was most recently a creative director at Saatchi & Saatchi, where his work included "The Gay Sweater Project." Earlier in his career at DDB, he won two Cannes Lions for Cialis "Mustang." Fenn got his start as a designer and art director and was most recently at independent Toronto shop Zulu Alpha Kilo as associate creative director. His work there included Cineplex's "Lily and the Snowman." Simone Moessinger Credit: 72andSunny Amsterdam 72andSunny Amsterdam has promoted Simone Moessinger to creative director. Swiss-American Moessinger grew up in Europe and the U.S., and is fluent in six languages. She has worked for Wieden & Kennedy in Portland, London and Amsterdam, creating work for Nike and ESPN, and then Anomaly NY, where she developed work for brands such as Converse, Nike, Umbro and Budweiser. In 2015, she joined 72andSunny Amsterdam's creative team, and since then has helped produce work for Google, Benetton and Samsung, including the latter's work for the 2016 Youth Olympic Games. Scott Brown and Raymond Hwang Credit: Battery Battery, the L.A. independent creative agency, has hired Scott Brown as VP-creative director and promoted Raymond Hwang to VP-creative director. Brown was previously a creative director for TBWA/Chiat/Day in Los Angeles, where he worked for the past 15 years on accounts including Airbnb, Visa, Netflix, Nissan, Southwest Airlines, Activision and Infinity. He worked directly with Lee Clow on Pepsi (Refresh). At Battery, Hwang has led campaigns for Warner Brothers "Injustice 2," "Mortal Kombat X," Mike's Hard Lemonade and Lego. He has also worked at Saatchi & Saatchi and TBWA/Chiat/Day on clients such as Toyota, Surfrider, PlayStation, Energizer and Nissan. Eloise Murphy Credit: HUSH Experience design agency Hush has expanded its creative production team by adding Eloise Murphy as a senior producer. Murphy has worked in the U.K. and North America for the BBC, TED and Moment Factory. She has worked on projects including content production for Madonna's 'Rebel Heart Tour' and experiential production for TED Talks in Rio de Janeiro. Her experience includes digital design, content production and experiential activations for brands including Samsung, Intel and BBC Radio 1. (From L): Kristin Wellmer, Katie Davis, Hannah Heller and Cheryl Davis Credit: 22squared 22squared has made several creative appointments in its Atlanta and Tampa offices. The agency hired Katie Davis as art director, from Wray Ward in Charlotte, and Kristin Wellmer as senior copywriter. She moves from Detroit, where she held creative positions at Doner and Team Detroit. Hannah Heller, a recent graduate of The Creative Circus in Atlanta, joins as a junior copywriter. Cheryl Davis was promoted to chief financial officer. In this article: Creative Movers Creativity Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations NI Assembly Election Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson Economy Watch Company Profiles Business Awards Food and Drink Awards Food & Drink Awards Guide Entertainment Horoscopes News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Food & Drink Awards Guide Features Books Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video Search Go Home › Business › Opinion It was a good year for Northern Ireland firms, and there is much more to come By Richard Donnan Published 07/02/2017 0 Comments Share It was a good year for Northern Ireland firms, and there is much more to come BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Last year was certainly one that will go down in history. A few will say it will do so for some of the wrong reasons. However, for many Northern Ireland companies it was a year of real achievement and progress. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/opinion/it-was-a-good-year-for-northern-ireland-firms-and-there-is-much-more-to-come-35421823.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35421822.ece/63f50/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-02-07_bus_28368577_I3.JPG Email From left: Richard McClean, Belfast Telegraph managing director; Margaret Canning, Belfast Telegraph business editor, and Richard Donnan, head of Ulster Bank NI Last year was certainly one that will go down in history. A few will say it will do so for some of the wrong reasons. However, for many Northern Ireland companies it was a year of real achievement and progress. While there are many factors that encourage a good degree of caution as we enter 2017, we as a bank also see real reasons for optimism about the future for both Ulster Bank and local businesses. In 2016 we helped support a number of Northern Ireland's most successful and innovative businesses. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments By way of example, we supported north west-based Learning Pool in its strategic acquisition of Mind Click, whose clients include AstraZeneca, Boots, Procter & Gamble, and Google. As another illustration, we supported the £30m acquisition of Damolly Retail Park in Newry by MJM Group. And we remain strongly committed to helping good businesses achieve their ambitions in 2017 and beyond. We're also active in helping local entrepreneurs set out and advance on their growth journeys - our backing for the Entrepreneurial Spark Hub in Belfast is a key part of that, alongside the development of the skills of our people. The hub offers, among other things, free office space, free Wi-Fi, advice, and access to a powerful network of business mentors. Around 160 local businesses have made use of it to date, and during December alone entrepreneurs based there secured over £500,000 in investment. We have also just trained over 130 of our people on entrepreneurial skills so that they can continue to better support entrepreneurs and understand their mindset. Partnering with the Belfast Telegraph Business Awards is another expression of Ulster Bank's commitment to supporting the Northern Ireland business community. The awards are a well-established platform for celebrating the achievements of local companies, and we are really pleased, with the Belfast Telegraph, to be expanding the categories this year to include IT Company or Team of the Year, Emerging Business/Start Up of the Year, and SME Healthcare Business of the Year. As a bank that is active and supportive in each of these areas, we know that there are fantastic businesses doing innovative things who should have a platform to be recognised for their achievements. As we move further into 2017, we expect to see good Northern Ireland companies continuing to adapt to market conditions and generating further success. Effectively managing the things that are within their control is key to this - for example improving productivity and competitiveness, hedging currency and managing interest rate risks, and smoothing out fluctuations in working capital. A rising tide lifts all boats, but skilful sailors can still excel in any waters, and many businesses will continue to make good investments and develop expansion plans, whatever lies ahead this year. Ulster Bank, as a customer-focused bank, is very much here to help businesses future-proof their plans, manage risk and fulfil their ambitions. Richard Donnan is head of Northern Ireland for Ulster Bank. Full details on categories and criteria and how to enter are available at www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/business-awards. The closing date for entries is Friday, March 17 at noon. The gala awards dinner takes place on May 4 at the Crowne Plaza, Shaw's Bridge, Belfast. A table of 10 costs £1,300 plus Vat while individual places are available at £140 plus Vat. For further information or to book a table contact Andrea Kennedy at JComms on mail@ jcomms.co.uk or call 028 9076 006 Categories for 2017 1. Excellence in Marketing 2. Excellence in Exporting 3. Excellence in the Development of Management and Leadership 4. Excellence in Innovation 5. Best Use of Digital and/or Social Media 6. Young Businessperson of the Year 7. IT Company or Team of the year 8. Emerging Business/Start-Up of the Year 9. SME Healthcare Business of the Year 10. Best Small/Medium Business 11. Excellence in Corporate Social Responsibility 13. Two special judges' awards - the Lifetime Achievement Award and Overall Business of the Year sponsored by Ulster Bank - will also be presented Belfast Telegraph Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More Fully understanding break clauses in commercial leases  By Sara McGaughey, solicitor, Commercial Property Department at... Break clauses in commercial leases are significant as they give one or both parties a framework by which to exit the lease. It is therefore important to note any conditions to be met before the break can be... Non-executive directors can be key to success of SMEs  By Maeve Hunt, Associate Director of Audit, Grant Thornton The appointment of non-executive directors to the boards of SMEs in Northern Ireland is becoming much more common. A non-executive director (NED) is an individual who works part-time for a business,... How innovation, desire and faith in your ability can set you on the road to becoming a top...  Starting up your own business can be a very daunting step, but Lisa Smyth meets two people who took the leap and haven’t looked back. Why is the Northern Ireland economy slow to recover?  By John Simpson In the later months of 2016, the output of the Northern Ireland economy was 7% below the peak value recorded in early 2007, just before the recent recession began to take effect. In sharp contrast,... Popular Video: Moment car transporter gets stuck under railway bridge in Northern Ireland  Video News PSNI investigating sudden death of officer at Portrush police station  Northern Ireland Slurry tanker crashes into Glenavy home  Northern Ireland Beautiful Armagh bride Sabrina Ryan died aged 32 - now her legacy is...  Northern Ireland West Belfast man Christopher O'Neill cleared of murdering his baby daughter...  Northern Ireland Watch: Horrifying moment NI car spins out of control Northern Ireland Assembly election candidates Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: Bot Wednesday, Feb 8, [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Limelight for Sketchy [Photos]  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland Unauthorised Union flag and pole removed from NI roundabout  News 'Catch a grip' - Gemma Garrett slams critics of BBC's beauty queen dating show  Northern Ireland Video of NI pupils fighting watched 1.5m times  Video News Daniel O’Donnell in wedding flashmob  Reviews Fifty Shades Darker review: 'An ordeal to watch because of its utter blandness'  Health Common way of cooking rice leaves traces of arsenic, Queen's scientist warns  World China to rebuild ancient Silk Road [Infographic]  NI Assembly Election Poll: Majority of nationalists want joint rule  NI Assembly Election DUP braced for shock RHI revelations as Jonathan Bell says: 'There is much more to come'  Features 'Iceland knows how to stop teen substance abuse but the rest of the world isn’t listening'  Technology Netflix: How to unlock all hidden categories  Northern Ireland Barcelona 'saviour' Patrick O'Connell honoured at Belfast's Windsor Park  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations NI Assembly Election Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson Economy Watch Company Profiles Business Awards Food and Drink Awards Food & Drink Awards Guide Entertainment Horoscopes News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Food & Drink Awards Guide Features Books Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video Search Go
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Saturday, Feb 11, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Culture Tide, Kia rated among top ads Super Bowl advertisers engage, amuse audience ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on Feb. 7, 2017 Procter & Gamble shows a still from the company’s Mr. Clean spot. The company had some successful commercials during the broadcast. PROCTER & GAMBLE Kia Motors America shows a scene from the company’s spot for Super Bowl 51, featuring Melissa McCarthy. KIA MOTORS AMERICA Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — The New England Patriots defeated the Atlanta Falcons during a nailbiter in Super Bowl 51 — and there were clear winners and losers off the field too. Advertisers had to tread carefully this year in a divisive political climate. Some went for all out escapist humor like T-Mobile and Tide, while others tried to take a more serious tone like the American Petroleum Institute. With 30-second ads costing about $5 million, and more than 110 million people watching, it’s a huge gamble to advertise during the game even in a less politically charged atmosphere. And there were reactions, especially on social media, to some of the advertisements viewed as too political. Some supporters of President Trump quickly called for boycotts of several companies, including Budweiser, 84 Lumber, Coca-Cola, Airbnb, Kia, and Tiffany. Their ads had messages about immigration, equality, and environmentalism. Of all of the ads, here are the winners and losers.   ● Winner: Tide. Procter & Gamble’s Tide ad featuring announcer Terry Bradshaw seemed at first to be part of the game broadcast. But when he gets a stain on his T-shirt, he goes on an adventure featuring New England Patriot Rob Gronkowski and actor Jeffrey Tambor to try to find a clean T-shirt. “It was just from the writing to the casting pure fun,” said Mark DiMassimo, CEO of ad agency DiMassimo Goldstein. ● Winner: Kia. Kia managed to touch on social issues without offending people by tapping Melissa McCarthy to take on causes like saving whales, ice caps, and trees, each time to disastrous effect. Kia’s 60-second third-quarter ad promotes the fuel efficiency of its 2017 Niro car. ● Winner: Budweiser. Budweiser managed to capture the pre-game buzz with its “Born the Hard Way” spot. The cinematic 60-second spot chronicles co-founder Adolphus Busch’s journey from Germany to St. Louis in 1857. He jumps off a burning steamboat and catches a glimpse of Budweiser’s iconic Clydesdales mascots before meeting fellow immigrant Eberhard Anheuser. Some people took to Twitter to protest the immigration theme of the ad, but the ad was still one of the most watched ads ahead of the game. ● Winner: T-Mobile. The wireless carrier made a big splash during the game by buying up 3 minutes of airtime and stuffing its ads with celebrities. In one ad, Snoop Dogg and Martha Stewart discuss T-Mobile’s unlimited data plan with lots of innuendo about Snoop’s pot-smoking habit. Kristen Schaal starred in two other ad parodies of 50 Shades of Grey that implied having a Verizon plan is like being punished — sadistic and masochistic. ● Loser: Febreze. P&G’s ad sought to take a humorous approach to saluting the well-known halftime bathroom break. “I love you halftime bathroom break,” says actress Kathryn Hahn during the commercial. But not everyone found the “potty humor” appealing. ● Loser: Snickers. Snicker’s hyped up its live ad in the third quarter. The ad, set on a Wild West set, started with actor Adam Driver talking about the 21-3 score to prove it was live. But then things seem to go wrong and the set falls apart — on purpose. “You ruin live Super Bowl commercials when you’re hungry,” the copy reads on screen. “It went by so fast, I almost missed it,” Mr. DiMassimo said. “I think the audience got it [but I’m] not sure it was worth the trouble of doing it live.” ● Loser: Wendy’s. Wendy’s sought to emphasize its message of “Always fresh, never frozen” in its ad which showed a meatlocker full of frozen beef and a worker trying to thaw it with a hair dryer to the tune of Foreigner’s “Cold as Ice.”  Ad critic Barbara Lippert says the ad is unappetizing. “All it does is leave you hearing frozen, frozen, frozen,” she noted. Related Items justin bieber , martha stewart , New England Patriots , Rob Gronkowski , AFC East , American Football Conference , Marshawn Lynch , National Football League , Mike Ditka , Jeffrey Tambor , American Petroleum Institute , Forest Whitaker , Terry Bradshaw , Kathryn Hahn , Adam Driver , Kristen Schaal Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Screen Rant You Are Reading: The Best Super Bowl Commercials Of 2017 Share On Facebook Comments (18) Next Follow Us Follow @screenrant SR EXCLUSIVES MOVIE NEWS TV NEWS REVIEWS VIDEOS LISTS + TRAILERS PODCASTS TOP MOVIES Comics Gaming Up Next 57 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment The Best Super Bowl Commercials Of 2017 By Matthew Dello Russo 02.06.2017 18 Comments 57 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment The big game — and what a game it was — is in the books, but the Best Ad competition is just getting started. Companies like Skittles, Audi, Frito-Lay, and Budweiser shelled out a record-setting $5.02 million just to secure a 30-second spot during the Super Bowl, which is nearly double the price tag from 2010. Think about that for a minute. The cost for 30 seconds of advertising actually exceeded the yearly salary for most players in the game, as only 14 players crossed the $5 million salary mark in 2016 (per Spotrac). As viewers know, car and beer companies weren’t the only ones grabbing up air time this year; we were also treated to several awesome trailers and sneak peaks from big names like Stranger Things, Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy, Hulu’s The Handmaid’s Tale, Transformers, The Walking Dead, and many more. These first looks, coupled with loads of clever commercials, made for quite the distraction from the game itself. That’s probably a good thing, as we’re betting the residents of Georgia might need a few distractions in the days to come. Outside of all the trailers, however, we were gifted with a solid crop of memorable advertisements from outside the film and TV industry. With honorable mentions going out to Tide for Gronk’s Cleaner, Skittles for their Romance ad, and Febreeze’s Bathroom Break, here are The Best Super Bowl Commercials Of 2017. Dishonorable Mention: Wonderful Pistachios – Treadmill We get it — slapstick humor tends to do pretty well with sports fans. We’re just a bunch of beer-swilling cavemen, right? Wrong. Sort of. While most of us enjoy Charlie Chaplin-esque humor from time to time, we take our Super Bowl ads quite seriously. So seriously, in fact, that the Pistachios commercial feels like an insult to our intelligence. That’s saying a lot, by the way; we eat, sleep, and breathe pop-culture, and not all of what we write about is terribly high-brow. But a talking elephant, on a treadmill? He’s not even running on all four legs like a real elephant. Why would this elephant need to lose weight? His only job is to be gigantic and use that strangely-dexterous, clearly sentient trunk of his to perform amazing feats. ALSO, elephants eat peanuts, not pistachios. Leap in logic notwithstanding, Wonderful just spent $166,666 per second for this awful spot. Nice work, lads. Dishonorable Mention: Sprint – Daddy’s Dead Imagine the pitch meeting for this commercial. Creative lead walks in, draws a family watching as a car falls off a cliff and bursts into fiery flames. Creative lead turns to the client, smiling. Big important client person says, “Nope. All wrong.” Creative lead looks to the drawing, back to the client, again to the drawing. He nods. “You’re absolutely right,” he says. “The flames are too much.” Sprint’s commercial, which makes light of the drastic measures customers take to leave their Verizon contract behind, inexplicably aired multiple times during the big game. The slightly extended version of the ad that was released after the game isn’t a whole lot better. Dark humor is great — and the fact that Verizon’s Can You Hear Me Now guy works for Sprint these days is even greater – but the whole “Daddy’s dead” thing is too try-hard for our liking. Cell company ads were definitely not a strength of this year’s Super Bowl. 13. Squarespace – Who is John Malkovich The legendary John Malkovich is comically perplexed in Squarespace’s 2017 Super Bowl spot, “Who is John Malkovich?” The 60-second ad makes all the right moves as it lands squarely at the intersection of comedy and reality, and John is his absolutely terrific best all the way through. Squarespace — an all-in-one publishing tools company — is urging viewers to get their own web domain and avoid the fate of poor Mr. Malkovich. Hunched over his laptop, he wonders aloud, “How is it that John Malkovich.com is taken?” John is trying to buy a domain for his new clothing line (this is a real thing, by the way; he’s designing clothes now), and it seems like someone has beaten him to the punch. “But I’m him,” he utters in frustration. “There’s a film about me being me.” While some Super Bowl Sunday ads aim for belly laughs, Squarespace’s witty, dry entry goes entirely deadpan to get its point across while cleverly working in a Being John Malkovich reference that Spike Jonze fans are sure to love. Watching Malkovich quickly descend into burning rage is priceless. 12. Devour Frozen Meals – The Audition Devour, the creator of obscenely tasty frozen meals, got all our motors running with their saucy 30-second ad, titled “The Audition.” Like a train wreck, we can’t seem to look away from Devour’s commercial; after just one bite of Devour Mac ‘n Cheese, Regular Joe transforms into a love machine. He drives all the casting agents wild, and Devour hits us with the least subtle motto of the century: Food You Want to Fork. Think you’ve got what it takes to outdo that guy? If so, Devour is holding an open casting call on January 10th for male actors, non-actors, and “oddballs” between the ages of 25 to 42 to star in their next commercial. The individual who lands the role will be compensated $100,000 to work on the new ad spot, which is set to shoot January 14th–18th. We’re expecting America Idol-esque lines for this one, as open casting calls tend to bring out the crazies. Imagine who’ll show up for their shot at $100 grand! *Abandons desk, drives to Glendale for audition* 11. Buick – Not So Pee Wee Football Buick’s Super Bowl spot is an easy target for the haters (especially on Twitter). Set during a pee-wee football game, the ad has a little kid transforming into Cam Newton and then dominating the rest of the field. His performance in the spot is a vast improvement from last year’s Super Bowl, where Newton was absolutely trounced by Von Miller and the rest of the Denver Bronco’s D in the actual game. Buick’s ad is actually a bit ironic; last year, Newton and the Panthers offense looked like a Pop Warner team playing against a grown men. It looks like Newton learned his lesson – and how to pick his opponents more wisely. Besides Cam, the commercial also stars the gorgeous Miranda Kerr and a few much less attractive Buicks. The 60-second spot ran during the first quarter of the big game, and marks the second consecutive Super Bowl ad for Buick. The internet has had an absolute field day with this one, but we love it all the same. 10. Wix – The Restaurant Ever wonder what happens when you put Wonder Woman and the Transporter together in one Super Bowl spot? Wonder no more, friends, as the creative minds at Wix have finally answered that question with their 30-second ad. Wix has pulled out all the stops for their big game ads the last three years, and this one – starring Gal Gadot and Jason Statham and directed by Louis Leterrier (Brothers Grimsby, Now You See Me) – plays more like a shoot-em-up than a commercial intended to hype up a website building platform. Getting to watch Gadot and Statham punch faces together is a dream come true for action fans. The duo makes beating up fifteen bad guys look easy (and sexy) and even helps Chef Felix renovate his restaurant space. There’s a two-minute directors cut available online, though viewers were only treated to the 30-second version during Sunday’s game. We can’t wait to see what Wix dreams up for next year’s Super Bowl. 9. Evony – The King’s Return Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Aaron Eckhart star in the most epic ad of the century, Evony’s “The King’s Return”. The mobile game company promised a masterpiece and they did not disappoint. The jaw-dropping ad tells the story of monumental battles throughout history, jumping from King Arthur to George Washington to Chinese Empress Wu Zetian. While the company only secured a 30-second slot for the Super Bowl, the actual extended cut is a two-minute trailer for the most epic movie we could ever wish for. Honestly, we were kinda disappointed when we found out that this wasn’t a sneak peak of what’s to come on The Walking Dead. Can you imagine if Negan went all King Arthur on some walkers? If you’ve never jumped into the mobile gaming world, now might be the time to start. Hopefully, Evony’s game is as entertaining as their Super Bowl spot. Maybe even half as entertaining. If the game doesn’t pan out, at least they can rest easy knowing their commercial was better than Damon’s The Great Wall. 8. Honda – Yearbook We all had awkward teenage years. Maybe it was braces, maybe it was a wardrobe comprised entirely of velour jumpsuits. Either way, photographic evidence of these years generally tends to wind up buried in a box somewhere at mom’s house – unless you’re a super-duper famous person, that is. Then it gets broadcasted to the entire world. Honda’s charming and lighthearted spot brings yearbook photos to life, tabbing some very A-list celebrities for their cast. Tina Fey thought bringing a red rose to picture day would be a nice touch. Amy Adams had a severe case of bangs-in-the-face. And Jimmy Kimmel, always the joker, laments his outfit while encouraging kids to follow their dreams. The rest of the cast includes big names like Steve Carell, Viola Davis, Missy Elliott, Magic Johnson, Stan Lee, and Robert Redford. The hilarious spot, part of Honda’s latest “Power of Dreams” campaign, plugs the CR-V’s 20th anniversary with a clever yearbook entry of its own. 7. Mr. Clean – Cleaner of Your Dreams Proctor & Gamble’s iconic character just got his first-ever Super Bowl ad, and boy does he make cleaning look good. The 30-second ad features a slightly updated version of the beloved Mr. Clean. He’s still rocking the bald head and all, but he looks about ten years younger and ten hundred times sexier. Yes, it’s just as strange for us to call him sexy as it is for you to read it. Now we’ve seen everything. Aptly named “Cleaner of Your Dreams,” the mostly dialogue-free commercial has Mr. Clean showing up for duty at Sarah’s house in his signature skin-tight white pants and T-shirt, swinging his hips and sashaying away as he cleans the kitchen, bathroom, and living room. The musical score isn’t subtle, and we’re basically watching Mr. Clean transform into Mr. Steal Yo’ Girlfriend with every passing second. Hey, the creative minds at Proctor & Gamble aren’t wrong: “You gotta love a man who cleans.” 6. Snickers – Live with Kylo Ren Snickers teamed up with Star Wars supervillain Kylo Ren (Adam Driver) to deliver a spectacular 30-second live commercial. The western-themed ad keeps with the “you’re not you when you’re hungry” message, with intentionally poor timing and an extremely flimsy set. The motto was replaced with “You ruin live Super Bowl commercials when you’re hungry” at the end of the spot. This morning, Snickers kept the ball rolling with a somber statement: “Hunger was the root cause of an off the field fumble during the Snickers live Super Bowl LI commercial last night as Adam Driver missed his mark to begin the spot. The mishap demonstrated once more the effects of what can happen when you’re hungry and off your game.” Driver, playing a gunslinger by the name of Jeremiah, clearly didn’t have his morning Snickers before heading to set. The same could be said about the Atlanta Falcons at halftime, but that’s neither here nor there. 5. Hyundai – Live with U.S. Troops Here’s a first: Hyundai selected director Peter Berg (Patriots Day, Deepwater Horizon) to shoot its Super Bowl ad during the game. The emotional spot opens with a helicopter buzzing over a US military outpost in Poland, stating that Americans wouldn’t be free to watch and enjoy the game without its troops serving around the world. Soldiers are shown watching the game on base, and several are selected from the group and taken back to a smaller, more private room. These soldiers are given the gift of a lifetime: thanks to cutting-edge 360-degree cameras placed inside NRG stadium in Houston, they get to “attend” the game with their loved ones from thousands of miles away. Hyundai really nailed it with this one. They didn’t show a single car throughout the entire ad, they gave back to our troops, and they reminded viewers of what should really matter to each and every one of us: family, friends, and loved ones. 4. Kia – Hero’s Journey Kia went all in with their epic Super Bowl ad for the new Kia Niro hybrid, which pays tribute to environmentalism and eco-activists. Award-winning actress Melissa McCarthy (Ghostbusters, Bridesmaids) plays a never-say-no eco-warrior attempting to save the planet, one cause at a time. McCarthy battles illegal whalers, the evil corporations behind deforestation, and polar ice caps, basically dying a million deaths along the way (not really, but a normal human would be super dead). McCarthy is indefatigable, even going to bat for the nearly extinct rhinos of our planet. Kia was the first automaker of 2017 to announce their plans for a Super Bowl commercial, buying a full 60-second spot for just a shade over $5 million. Kia’s decision to lean on McCarthy’s star power was a good one, as this spot still has us laughing a full day after the game. She’s white-hot right now; if you somehow missed it, you need to see her Sean Spicer bit on SNL. It’s magic. 3. Audi – Daughter Audi’s full 60-second spot is the commercial we need for 2017. Ditching the whole “fast car, tight turns” narrative that luxury/performance car companies beat to death every year, the creative minds at Audi have thrown themselves into the political fray with their spot about gender equality. The score is fantastic, the voiceover is perfect, and watching that adorable little girl dominate the field in her soapbox racer has us feeling all the feels. Republican, Democrat, Tea Party – it doesn’t matter. While our country clashes over political and religious ideals, commercials like Audi’s “Daughter” serve as a reminder that at the end of the day, we are all still human. If our math is correct, the company spent $10.04 million to secure a full 60-second spot in the third quarter. We feel like this ad was actually worth the investment, as it sends a powerful and relevant message to the citizens of the world: gender bias is officially a thing of the past. 2. Avocados from Mexico – #AvoSecrets Holy Guacamole! Avocados From Mexico just changed the game with their revelationary Super Bowl commercial, which marks the brand’s third consecutive year of big game advertising. Some of the best snippets from the full 100-second spot (which has been pared down to 30 seconds for the game) include: Big Foot isn’t real (or is he, Scott?), there are actually only 49 shades of grey, and Area 51 (and 52-54) are still safe from the public. The ad’s initially-masked secret society can’t seem to keep its secrets a secret; we’re guessing that has to do with Kyle live-streaming the meeting. The 100-second version also includes a quick shot from the recently released John Lovitz teaser, teaching the society just how effective subliminal messaging can really be. According to Advertising Age, the idea of “good” fat in avocados is a message that the brand will pushing hard in the coming months, as the FDA plans to reevaluate its stance on healthy fats vs total fat consumption. 1. Budweiser – Born the Hard Way The perennial Best Ad contender and beer giant has tapped into the recent immigration debate with “Born the Hard Way,” or as we like to call it, “The Commercial That Could Actually Start a Fight at Your Super Bowl Party.” Looks like they don’t need cuddly puppies, throaty bullfrogs, or majestic Clydesdales to create memorable ads anymore. Budweiser’s departure from familiar territory is refreshing, and the ad itself – which challenges the current stance of certain White House figureheads – is a stiff shot of patriotism when we need it most. Available online well before Sunday’s Super Bowl broadcast, “Born the Hard Way” is less a 60-second spot and more of a 60-second story. It showcases the plight of Adolphus Busch, a brewmaster from Germany who discards his former life and journeys to America in the mid-1800s. Treated with contempt and ridiculed from day one, Busch overcomes tremendous adversity as he makes his way to St. Louis, where he meets Eberhard Anheuser, another immigrant, and changes the global beer landscape forever. — What was your favorite ad from Super Bowl Sunday? Let us know in the comments. BY: Matthew Dello Russo TAGS: super bowl Comments (18) 57 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment On SCREENRANT.com Trending Latest Topics TV News 'Dark' Power Rangers TV Show From Adi Shankar Movie News Chris Hemsworth 'Trains To Fight Hulk' Movie News Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Tests Perfectly Movie News Avengers 3 Concept Art: Rocket & Thor Movie News Cable & Domino Casting Will Blow Your Mind Movie News New Thanos Concept Art Released Movie News Baby Groot Is 'A Little Jerk' Movie News Avenger: Infinity War (Sneak Peek Video) Star Wars 8 Justice League Split Ending & Twist Explained Wonder Woman Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Arrival Ending Explained Wolverine 3 The Walking Dead Season 7 Avengers: Infinity War Screen Rant Forum Discussion Follow Us ABOUT ARCHIVE WRITE FOR US CONTACT US TERMS PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT © 2017 Screen Rant. All rights reserved.
Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters Events Resources 2112 hub Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Channelnomics Conference MSP, New York As the MSP market is maturing & competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the US managed services industry. Date: 26 Apr 2017 The Park Lane Hotel 36 Central Park South New York, New York 10019, New York Channelnomics Conference Security, Chicago Keeping up with a security landscape that has evolved quickly and continues to increase in complexity is becoming a real challenge for channel firms. Our event will shed light on the most significant challenges and suggest possible strategies for overcoming the most pressing issues. Date: 21 Jun 2017 TBC Chicago, Illinois, Chicago Channelnomics Conference MSP, San Diego As the MSP market is maturing & competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the US managed services industry. Date: 21 Sep 2017 TBC San Diego, California, San Diego Channelnomics Cloud Conference New York Join us for this one day event to hear about what lies ahead and what strategies you can use to grow your business, streamline cloud operations and maximize profits. Meet leading industry vendors to find out about the latest technologies and network with fellow industry professionals. Date: 07 Dec 2017 New York View all events Follow our events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Resources What could and should the channel be doing better when it comes to mobile security? When it comes to mobile security, the channel is facing significant challenges. This Channelnomics research piece asks solution providers about the area of mobile security they think they are lacking in most. Find out what they thought and what it means for mobile security, the channel and its customers. Download The CSP Bible: Your ultimate handbook to the Cloud Solution Provider (CSP) program Are you struggling to get your head around Microsoft's Cloud Solution Provider program? You're not alone. Ever since Microsoft introduced the CSP in 2014, resellers have been trying to navigate their way through this program. Our free eBook should answer your questions. Download Sign in   You are currently accessing Channelnomics.com via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: customerservices@incisivemedia.com Sign in   Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter Newsletters Register 2112 hub Channelnomics.com Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters   You are currently accessing Channelnomics.com via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: customerservices@incisivemedia.com Sign in   Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 8 February 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including Google's Cloud Search, Congress' privacy vote, Apple's TV exec and more Channelnomics Staff 08 February 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments Welcome to today's channel rundown, containing vital news and analysis on the channel's comings and goings. Read all about it below: Related articles Today's channel rundown - 8 February 2017 Today's channel rundown - 15 April 2016 Today's channel rundown - 16 May 2016 Today's channel rundown - 18 April 2016 Google's Cloud Search Google has launched Cloud Search, a new tool for business customers that allows users to search across G Suite products, including Drive, Gmail, Sites, Calendar, Docs, Contacts and more. Brent VerWeyst, Google Cloud product manager, described the tool in a blog post as bringing the "best of Google Search and machine intelligence to G Suite". Cloud Search, which was previously dubbed Springboard, had been in limited review. Small banks' cyber threats Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank president Patrick Harker has said he is worried about cyber threats to small banks, pointing to hackers stealing money by exploiting third-party vendors that provide cyber security, Reuters reports.  The exec said small banks' main concern is cyber security, according to the report. Rometty's bonus IBM CEO Ginni Rometty has received a $4.95 million payout under her annual incentive plan, the largest since she was named to the top post 2012, Bloomberg reports, citing a company regulatory filing. The bonus was tied to goals for operating net income, operating cash flow and revenue from the company's strategic imperatives, the report said. Rometty received a $4.5 million bonus in 2015. Rometty's target for her bonus and her $1.6 million salary will remain unchanged in fiscal 2017, the filing said. She'll also receive equity awards worth about $13.3 million linked to company financial goals. Congress' privacy vote The U.S. House of Representatives has passed a measure requiring law enforcement to obtain a search warrant before seeking emails or other digital communications older than six months from technology companies, Reuters reports. Both Microsoft and Google have recently challenged the government's power to compel them to turn over emails stored on servers overseas, with the former winning its argument and the latter losing.  Technology companies have pressured Congress for years to pass the Email Privacy Act in order to update the Electronic Communications Privacy Act from 1986. Under current law, federal agencies only need to procure a subpoena to request information from a service provider. Revel's exec shakeup Revel Systems, which has raised more than $130 million and deployed its software in thousands of iPad checkout terminals, has dismissed its two founders and been taken over by one of its major investors, the company has announced. Revel co-founder and CEO Lisa Falzone and co-founder and CTO Chris Ciabarra were bought out of most of their shares by private equity firm Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, which now has a majority stake in the company, BuzzFeed reports.  Scott Betts, a former Procter & Gamble executive, has been installed as the new CEO. Cologix's Stonepeak deal Cologix, a network neutral interconnection and datacenter operator of 24 facilities in nine markets in North America, has announced that private equity firm Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners has acquired a majority interest in the company. Under terms of the deal, Grant van Rooyen, Cologix CEO and board chairman, will continue to run the company. Existing investors, including van Rooyen, the van Rooyen Group, company management, Columbia Capital and Greenspring Associates will retain a material interest in the company moving forward and will participate in future growth equity investments, Stonepeak said. Additional board members include Trent Vichie, Brian McMullen, Bill Fathers and Peter Bruce from Stonepeak, Patrick Hendy from Columbia and Neil Hobbs of the van Rooyen Group. CompTIA's digital transformation report IT industry trade association CompTIA is offering a new report, entitled Building Digital Organizations, covering the evolving digital transformation that is prompting companies to revise their operation procedures. The report spans new strategic roles of IT departments, new opportunities for IT teams and shared responsibilities among lines of business and IT.  Microsoft's patent trolls Microsoft has said it will make its storehouse of 10,000 patents available free of charge to safeguard cloud developers from potential legal threats mounted against them by patent trolls, Reuters reports. The company also said it will extend its offer to defend any customers sued over Azure to include open source technology incorporated into its cloud service. For example, Microsoft will defend an automaker lacking mobile apps and other cloud-based products, which could make it vulnerable to a lawsuit by a patent entity, the report said. "They haven't had years to build up that patent portfolio," Julia White, Microsoft corporate VP, reportedly told Reuters. "Cloud innovation is far too important to be stifled by lawsuits." CyrusOne's datacenter acquisitions Datacenter operator CyrusOne has announced plans to acquire two datacenters from enterprise datacenter operator and designer Sentinel Datacenters for $490 million. CyrusOne said it will buy a Sentinel datacenter located in the Raleigh-Durham area of North Carolina and another in Somerset, New Jersey, in moves to boost its presence in the southeast U.S. and reach more customers in the healthcare and financial industries, the company said. With the acquisition, CyrusOne now operates 35 datacenter facilities, 33 of which are located in the U.S. Apple's TV exec Apple has hired Timothy Twerdahl, the former head of Amazon's Fire TV unit, to head its Apple TV product marketing, in a move that could signal the vendor's renewed focus on the platform, Bloomberg reports. Twerdahl will report to Greg Joswiak, an Apple VP in charge of iPhone marketing, the report said. Previous Apple TV marketing VP Pete Distad will now help lead Apple's content initiatives, the report said. Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   Topics Channel Business Channel Rundown Channel business IBM Virginia Rometty Microsoft Azure patent infringement privacy mergers and acquisitions Cyber security datacenter Apple Google Cloud More on Channel Business Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 10 February 2017 10 Feb Channel Business Editor's voice: The week's channel chatter - 10 February 2017 10 Feb Channel Business Symantec previews newly integrated channel program 10 Feb Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 9 February 2017 09 Feb Channel Business CDW packs new small business unit with digital resources, e-commerce 08 Feb Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 7 February 2017 07 Feb Vendor Cloud latecomer Oracle may have advantage in customer base 07 Feb Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 6 February 2017 06 Feb More news Today's channel rundown - 10 February 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including AST's Tailwind equity, Apple's Solomon exit, DeWalt's reappearance and more Channel Business 10 February 2017 Editor's voice: The week's channel chatter - 10 February 2017 What's been happening this week on Channelnomics? Channel Business 10 February 2017 Channelnomics' top five stories of the week - 10 February 2017 Check out which articles grabbed the most attention this week Research 10 February 2017 Symantec previews newly integrated channel program Program reflects Blue Coat acquisition, sales opportunities, incentives Channel Business 10 February 2017 Add a comment Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Back to Top Most read Dell EMC partner program details outlined Microsoft to 'compete hard' with AWS on cloud - Nadella Channel influencers concerned about Trump immigration ban Room to grow in cloud app back-up - survey Kaspersky unwraps upgraded channel program for 2017 Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter Newsletters © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 Channelnomics is a licensed brand of The 2112 Strategy Group, LLC © Founder Emeritus - Lawrence M Walsh; Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX. Companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013. Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Fake News, Brand Safety, and Transparency to Form Agenda for The 614 Group’s Annual Brand Safety Summit in London LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The 614 Group has today announced its sixth Brand Safety Summit will take place in London on Thursday 16th March 2017, with the agenda featuring a mix of panels, case studies, and keynotes. The event, sponsored by Index Exchange, PulsePoint, Tapad and DM Training brings together senior industry thought leaders to discuss and debate solutions to digital media’s toughest challenges – including viewability, brand safety, ad fraud, and transparency. The format of the sessions will be interactive to ensure a two-way dialogue often not seen at other events, and to encourage the development of real solutions for the ongoing challenges of brand safety. The full-day programme will take place at ME London on Thursday, 16th March 2017, beginning with a networking breakfast at 8:00am. The event will feature a full day of content and will conclude with an exclusive networking cocktail hour. Tickets are available for purchase at www.trustyourmedia.co.uk. Digital media leaders speaking at the prestigious event confirmed so far include: Zach Chapman, VP International Sales and Global Digital, ESPN Dominic Carter, Chief Commercial Officer, News UK Paul De La Nougerede, Commercial Product Director, Telegraph Media Group Eduardo Ustaran, Partner, Hogan Lovells International LLP Rob Beeler, Chairman, AdMonsters Mary Keane-Dawson, Managing Director, UK neo@Ogilvy Duncan Tickell, MD Advertising and International, Immediate Media Company Julia Smith, Independent Digital Consultant, The 614 Group The Brand Safety Summit is an educational forum designed to bring together high-level industry thought leaders from all sides of the digital media landscape. They will discuss how to solve the industry’s greatest challenges, which include making money with brand safe inventory, and tackling the growing issues around transparency. Highly topical will be this year’s deep-dive into the world of fake news and how it can impact brand safety as well as a panel session looking at Methbot and non-human traffic. Delegates will also have the chance to learn from inspiring case studies. “The timing for this year’s Brand Safety Summit in London could not be more on target. Between historic elections and political moments like Brexit, the need for clarity around the expectations of advertising are paramount,” said Rob Rasko, CEO, The 614 Group. He continued: “We’re thrilled to have senior leaders from the publishing community, including major media brands such as ESPN, NewsUK and The Telegraph, joining the discussion. The 2017 programme will go back to basics and focus on working together to define what exactly is brand safety. Brands like Proctor and Gamble, who spent $7.2 billion on advertising last year, are becoming more vocal about their media buys. The company’s Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard recently said: ‘We realise there is no sustainable advantage in a complicated, nontransparent, inefficient and fraudulent media supply chain.’ Other brands are sure to follow and there is no better time than now for all sides of our industry to come together to discuss, debate and learn.” The agenda will feature two keynote sessions. The first will be delivered by Eduardo Ustaran, Partner at Hogan Lovells International, and will focus on Brexit. The second will be delivered by Richard Foan, Chair of JICWEBS and Group Executive Director of Communication & Innovation at ABC, who will provide attendees an update on JICWEBS and how it is reacting to the changing needs of the industry for brand safety. ENDS About The 614 Group The 614 Group is a results-driven digital advertising infrastructure consultancy, providing strategic and tactical services to our media clients. Our unparalleled experience, network and talent generate the ideal blend of visionary and executional support services which are completely customised to each individual client’s capabilities and goals. Through our original content, live events and research we empower our core publisher market, as well as the industry-at-large with cutting edge education and resources. With over 30 consultants across three top global markets, we seamlessly manage both strategic and operational elements of an engagement. Our philosophy of building long-term partnerships with our clients drives us to evolve our offerings in tandem with a constantly innovating marketplace, ensuring client growth within the digital advertising ecosystem and beyond. Please visit www.614group.com to learn more. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Education, Industry, major, Markets, officer, tactical, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious InMoment’s Explore™: Real-Time Exploration of Customer Conversations at Your Fingertips Next PostNext Pacific Mercantile Bank Provides $4 Million in Financing to Retail Design Collaborative Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Leading Dermatologic Experts Raise Awareness about Latest Developments in Hair and Skin Health Issues at Skin of Color Society Media Day GENEVA, Ill., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — At a time when individuals with skin of color represent a significant and continuously growing demographic in need of specialized dermatologic health care, a team of nationally recognized experts from the Skin of Color Society (SOCS) helped advance awareness about important skin and hair health topics at its recent Media Day, „Delving into Diversity.” This informative and interactive program was attended by numerous NYC-based health and beauty editors, bloggers and digital content creators, who engaged in lively discussions and Q&A’s with the experts. Given many unique considerations, risks and concerns affecting individuals with skin of color ancestry—who will comprise more than 50% of the U.S . population by 2050, per U.S. Census projections—”patient safety in all aesthetic and medical treatments and procedures are the highest priority,’ states Dr. Amy McMichael, SOCS President. That’s why the Skin of Color Society „strongly recommends that individuals consult only highly trained board-certified dermatologists with specialized expertise in treating skin of color for the full spectrum of their skin and hair health concerns,” emphasizes Dr. McMichael. The SOCS expert presentations covered a wide array of relevant topics addressing the health and appearance of the hair and skin, focusing on the unique properties, reaction patterns, nuances of dermatologic diseases/conditions, and patient safety issues of special concern to individuals with skin of color, including: This SOCS educational program was made possible through the support of the following companies: Aclaris Therapeutics, La Roche-Posay, Merz, Nutrafol and Procter & Gamble. For more information and educational resources, please visit:                      www.skinofcolorsociety.org. About the Skin of Color Society The Skin of Color Society was established in 2004 by Susan C. Taylor, MD. The purpose of the Society is to promote awareness and excellence within the special interest of skin of color dermatology through a variety of innovative programs and initiatives. The Society is committed to the education of health care providers, patients and the general public on dermatologic health issues related to skin of color. The Society supports research and other activities that impact individuals with skin of color. The Society fosters and maintains partnerships with dermatologists from the national and international communities, professional medical organizations, corporate and industry groups, and the community to ensure success in serving all individuals with skin of color. Media inquiries: media@skinofcolorsociety.org    SOURCE Skin of Color Society CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Companies, Education, general, Health, Industry, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dubai Health Authority to Collaborate with Elsevier on Improving Healthcare Operations and Information Systems Next PostNext sweetFrog Opens 13th Location in the Empire State Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Leading Dermatologic Experts Raise Awareness about Latest Developments in Hair and Skin Health Issues at Skin of Color Society Media Day GENEVA, Ill., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — At a time when individuals with skin of color represent a significant and continuously growing demographic in need of specialized dermatologic health care, a team of nationally recognized experts from the Skin of Color Society (SOCS) helped advance awareness about important skin and hair health topics at its recent Media Day, „Delving into Diversity.” This informative and interactive program was attended by numerous NYC-based health and beauty editors, bloggers and digital content creators, who engaged in lively discussions and Q&A’s with the experts. Given many unique considerations, risks and concerns affecting individuals with skin of color ancestry—who will comprise more than 50% of the U.S . population by 2050, per U.S. Census projections—”patient safety in all aesthetic and medical treatments and procedures are the highest priority,’ states Dr. Amy McMichael, SOCS President. That’s why the Skin of Color Society „strongly recommends that individuals consult only highly trained board-certified dermatologists with specialized expertise in treating skin of color for the full spectrum of their skin and hair health concerns,” emphasizes Dr. McMichael. The SOCS expert presentations covered a wide array of relevant topics addressing the health and appearance of the hair and skin, focusing on the unique properties, reaction patterns, nuances of dermatologic diseases/conditions, and patient safety issues of special concern to individuals with skin of color, including: This SOCS educational program was made possible through the support of the following companies: Aclaris Therapeutics, La Roche-Posay, Merz, Nutrafol and Procter & Gamble. For more information and educational resources, please visit:                      www.skinofcolorsociety.org. About the Skin of Color Society The Skin of Color Society was established in 2004 by Susan C. Taylor, MD. The purpose of the Society is to promote awareness and excellence within the special interest of skin of color dermatology through a variety of innovative programs and initiatives. The Society is committed to the education of health care providers, patients and the general public on dermatologic health issues related to skin of color. The Society supports research and other activities that impact individuals with skin of color. The Society fosters and maintains partnerships with dermatologists from the national and international communities, professional medical organizations, corporate and industry groups, and the community to ensure success in serving all individuals with skin of color. Media inquiries: media@skinofcolorsociety.org    SOURCE Skin of Color Society CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Companies, Education, general, Health, Industry, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dubai Health Authority to Collaborate with Elsevier on Improving Healthcare Operations and Information Systems Next PostNext sweetFrog Opens 13th Location in the Empire State Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Leading Dermatologic Experts Raise Awareness about Latest Developments in Hair and Skin Health Issues at Skin of Color Society Media Day GENEVA, Ill., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — At a time when individuals with skin of color represent a significant and continuously growing demographic in need of specialized dermatologic health care, a team of nationally recognized experts from the Skin of Color Society (SOCS) helped advance awareness about important skin and hair health topics at its recent Media Day, „Delving into Diversity.” This informative and interactive program was attended by numerous NYC-based health and beauty editors, bloggers and digital content creators, who engaged in lively discussions and Q&A’s with the experts. Given many unique considerations, risks and concerns affecting individuals with skin of color ancestry—who will comprise more than 50% of the U.S . population by 2050, per U.S. Census projections—”patient safety in all aesthetic and medical treatments and procedures are the highest priority,’ states Dr. Amy McMichael, SOCS President. That’s why the Skin of Color Society „strongly recommends that individuals consult only highly trained board-certified dermatologists with specialized expertise in treating skin of color for the full spectrum of their skin and hair health concerns,” emphasizes Dr. McMichael. The SOCS expert presentations covered a wide array of relevant topics addressing the health and appearance of the hair and skin, focusing on the unique properties, reaction patterns, nuances of dermatologic diseases/conditions, and patient safety issues of special concern to individuals with skin of color, including: This SOCS educational program was made possible through the support of the following companies: Aclaris Therapeutics, La Roche-Posay, Merz, Nutrafol and Procter & Gamble. For more information and educational resources, please visit:                      www.skinofcolorsociety.org. About the Skin of Color Society The Skin of Color Society was established in 2004 by Susan C. Taylor, MD. The purpose of the Society is to promote awareness and excellence within the special interest of skin of color dermatology through a variety of innovative programs and initiatives. The Society is committed to the education of health care providers, patients and the general public on dermatologic health issues related to skin of color. The Society supports research and other activities that impact individuals with skin of color. The Society fosters and maintains partnerships with dermatologists from the national and international communities, professional medical organizations, corporate and industry groups, and the community to ensure success in serving all individuals with skin of color. Media inquiries: media@skinofcolorsociety.org    SOURCE Skin of Color Society CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Companies, Education, general, Health, Industry, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dubai Health Authority to Collaborate with Elsevier on Improving Healthcare Operations and Information Systems Next PostNext sweetFrog Opens 13th Location in the Empire State Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Leading Dermatologic Experts Raise Awareness about Latest Developments in Hair and Skin Health Issues at Skin of Color Society Media Day News provided by Skin of Color Society Feb 08, 2017, 07:00 ET Share this article GENEVA, Ill., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- At a time when individuals with skin of color represent a significant and continuously growing demographic in need of specialized dermatologic health care, a team of nationally recognized experts from the Skin of Color Society (SOCS) helped advance awareness about important skin and hair health topics at its recent Media Day, "Delving into Diversity." This informative and interactive program was attended by numerous NYC-based health and beauty editors, bloggers and digital content creators, who engaged in lively discussions and Q&A's with the experts. Given many unique considerations, risks and concerns affecting individuals with skin of color ancestry—who will comprise more than 50% of the U.S . population by 2050, per U.S. Census projections—"patient safety in all aesthetic and medical treatments and procedures are the highest priority,' states Dr. Amy McMichael, SOCS President. That's why the Skin of Color Society "strongly recommends that individuals consult only highly trained board-certified dermatologists with specialized expertise in treating skin of color for the full spectrum of their skin and hair health concerns," emphasizes Dr. McMichael. The SOCS expert presentations covered a wide array of relevant topics addressing the health and appearance of the hair and skin, focusing on the unique properties, reaction patterns, nuances of dermatologic diseases/conditions, and patient safety issues of special concern to individuals with skin of color, including: Treating Pigmentary Disorders in Skin of Color with the Latest Science and Highest Art, led by Dr. Seemal R. Desai, incoming SOCS President (March 2017), President & Medical Director, Innovative Dermatology / Clinical Assistant Professor of Dermatology, University of Texas Southwestern, and Dr. Marta Rendon, Immediate SOCS Past President and Founder, Skin Care Research, Medical Director, Rendon Center for Dermatology / Clinical Associate Professor, Department of Dermatology, University of Miami School of Medicine. This expert pair shared insights into safe and effective mono- and combination therapies for skin rejuvenation and treating conditions ranging from sun damage, melasma, post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation to vitiligo in skin of color patients. Skin of Color Health+Beauty Tech Talk, led by Dr. Babar Rao, SOCS Board of Directors member and Founder/Director of Rao Dermatology NY, NJ, CA / Clinical Professor of Dermatology, Rutgers-Robert Wood Johnson Medical School / Clinical Associate Professor, Weill Cornell Medical School, and Dr. Nada Elbuluk, Assistant Professor of Dermatology at Ronald O. Perelman Department of Dermatology, NYU Medical Center.  They reviewed various self-diagnosis apps, tech tools and newer aesthetic procedures, such as microneedling and fat reduction, noting special considerations for skin of color patients. Hair Health—led by Dr. Amy McMichael, SOCS President, and Professor & Chair, Department of Dermatology, Wake Forest Baptist Health Medical Center and Dr. Andrew Alexis, Chair, Department of Dermatology, Mount Sinai St. Luke's & Mount Sinai Roosevelt / Associate Professor of Dermatology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai.  This team discussed time-tested treatments and newer solutions for various hair health issues such as hair breakage, female pattern baldness, Central Centrifugal Cicatricial Alopecia, and other hair-related issues most commonly affecting individuals with skin of color. Sun Safety and Skin Cancer in Skin of Color Myths and Truths— led by Dr. Susan Taylor, SOCS Founder, Founding Director, Skin of Color Center, St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center; Faculty, Perelman School of Medicine and Dr. Maritza Perez, Director of Cosmetic Dermatology, St. Luke's Roosevelt Medical Center / Associate Director of Procedural Dermatology, Beth Israel Medical Center / Clinical Professor of Dermatology, Mount Sinai Icahn School of Medicine. This pair shared insights into new data on skin cancer risk/mortality and sunscreen use in individuals with skin of color. This SOCS educational program was made possible through the support of the following companies: Aclaris Therapeutics, La Roche-Posay, Merz, Nutrafol and Procter & Gamble. For more information and educational resources, please visit:                      www.skinofcolorsociety.org. About the Skin of Color Society The Skin of Color Society was established in 2004 by Susan C. Taylor, MD. The purpose of the Society is to promote awareness and excellence within the special interest of skin of color dermatology through a variety of innovative programs and initiatives. The Society is committed to the education of health care providers, patients and the general public on dermatologic health issues related to skin of color. The Society supports research and other activities that impact individuals with skin of color. The Society fosters and maintains partnerships with dermatologists from the national and international communities, professional medical organizations, corporate and industry groups, and the community to ensure success in serving all individuals with skin of color. Media inquiries: media@skinofcolorsociety.org    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leading-dermatologic-experts-raise-awareness-about-latest-developments-in-hair-and-skin-health-issues-at-skin-of-color-society-media-day-300404093.html SOURCE Skin of Color Society My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Leading Dermatologic Experts Raise Awareness about Latest Developments in Hair and Skin Health Issues at Skin of Color Society Media Day News provided by Skin of Color Society Feb 08, 2017, 07:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Corium to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences MENLO PARK, Calif., Feb. 07, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Corium International, Inc. (Nasdaq:CORI), a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development, manufacture and commercialization of specialty transdermal products, today announced that Peter Staple, Corium’s President and Chief Executive Officer, will present at the BIO CEO & Investor Conference on Tuesday, February 14, 2017 at 10:30 AM EST and at the LEERINK Partners 6th Annual Global Healthcare Conference on Wednesday, February 15, 2017 at 2:30 PM EST. Audio webcasts of Corium’s presentations may be accessed by visiting “Events & Presentations” in the Investors section of the Company’s website at www.coriumgroup.com.  The webcasts will be archived on the Corium website for two weeks following the presentations. About Corium Corium International, Inc. is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development, manufacture and commercialization of specialty pharmaceutical products that leverage the company’s broad experience with advanced transdermal and transmucosal delivery systems.  Corium has multiple proprietary programs in preclinical and clinical development, focusing primarily on the treatment of neurological disorders, with lead programs in Alzheimer’s disease.  Corium has developed and is the sole commercial manufacturer of seven prescription drug and consumer products with partners Mayne Pharma, Endo Pharmaceuticals and Procter & Gamble.  The company has two proprietary transdermal platforms: Corplex™ for small molecules and MicroCor®, a biodegradable microstructure technology for small molecules and biologics, including vaccines, peptides and proteins.  The company’s late-stage pipeline includes a contraceptive patch co-developed with Agile Therapeutics and additional transdermal products that are being developed with other partners.  For further information, please visit www.coriumgroup.com. Corplex™ and MicroCor® are registered trademarks of Corium International, Inc. Source: Corium 
Investor and Media Contact:
SMP Communications
Susan M. Pietropaolo
susan@smpcommunications.com
(201) 923-2049
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, officer, section, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Zillow Group Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results Next PostNext Face of Defense: Plumber, Boom Operator Collaborate to Enhance Readiness Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Depilatories Market Research Forecast Report 2016 – 2021 Global Depilatories Market Research Forecast Report 2016 – 2021 Posted on February 7, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 02/07/2017 — In depth analysis of Depilatories Market is a professional research report.The review has been based on the report titled, " Depilatories Market 2016 – 2020." To begin with, the report elaborates the Depilatories Market Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Depilatories Market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. After the Depilatories Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process and cost structures.The process is analysed thoroughly Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Request for Sample Report @ http://www.marketsnresearch.com/request-for-sample.html?repid=1181 This report studies Depilatories in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe, Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each Manufactures player in these regions, covering Church & Dwight Dabur International Jolen L'Oreal Nads Reckitt Benckiser Group Revitol Sally Hansen Procter & Gamble Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Depilatories in these regions, from 2016 to 2021 (forecast), like United States China Europe Japan To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Depilatories Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Inquiry for Buying Report @ http://www.marketsnresearch.com/inquiry-for-buying.html?repid=1181 In this report analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis and Market growth is included in the report. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-depilatories-market-research-forecast-report-2016-2021-768087.htm Media Relations Contact Danny Diazion Corporate Sales Specialist Markets N Research Telephone: 386-310-3803 Email: Click to Email Danny Diazion Web: http://www.marketsnresearch.com/global-depilatories-market-2016-demand-insights-analysis-opportunities.html Latest News Mazzitti & Sullivan Counseling Services Launches New Website Introducing the First Guitar Stand ​That Fits in the Palm of Your Hand Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Paso Robles Plumber Quality 1st Plumbing Announces Special Discount For Local Veterans Pixel Film Studios Announces TransFocus Layers for Final Cut Pro X Vernon Computer Source Offering $2,000 Scholarship National Debt Relief Explains When Debt Consolidation Is A Good And Bad Idea Uncorked Wine Tours Releases “Top Paso Robles Wine Tour Stops” List for 2017 Credit2B Announces Addition of Chief Product Officer © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Shell’s Rutger Beelaerts Elected Chair of American Cleaning Institute Board of Directors P&G’s Shailesh Jejurikar Elected Board Vice Chair New ACI Board Members Include Dow’s Chad Holzer, Henkel’s Andreas Hartleb, Stepan’s Scott Behrens February 07, 2017 02:25 PM Eastern Standard Time WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Rutger Beelaerts, General Manager Intermediates Americas, Shell Chemical, LP, has been elected Chair of the American Cleaning Institute (ACI) Board of Directors. The new Board Vice Chair is Shailesh Jejurikar, President, Global Fabric Care and Brand Building Organization, Global Fabric & Home Care and Executive Sponsor, Global Sustainability. Re-elected as Treasurer was Joy Atkinson, President, Body and Home Care, North America, Firmenich Inc. The officers were elected during the Board’s recent meeting at the 2017 ACI Convention. ACI (www.cleaninginstitute.org) is the U.S. trade association for the cleaning product supply chain. Three industry executives were also elected by the Board as its newest members: Chad Holzer, Global Business Director, Consumer Solutions - Dow Home & Personal Care Solutions, The Dow Chemical Company. Andreas Hartleb, Senior Vice President & General Manager Laundry & Home Care USA, Henkel Consumer Goods Inc. Scott Behrens, Vice President & General Manager-Global Surfactants, Stepan Company The complete roster of ACI’s Board of Directors is as follows: Loan Mansy, General Manager of Surface Chemistry for North America, AkzoNobel Chemicals LLC Audra Davies, Vice President - Health, Beauty & Home Product Development, Amway Steve Tanner, President & CEO, Arylessence, Inc. Scott Thomson, Senior Vice President, Care Chemicals North America, BASF Corporation Paul Siracusa, Executive Vice President, Global R&D, Church & Dwight Co., Inc. Dawn Willoughby, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer - Cleaning, International, and Professional Products, The Clorox Company Juan Pablo Zamorano, President, North America, Colgate-Palmolive Company Rick Hanson, Vice President, Croda Inc. Chad Holzer, Global Business Director, Consumer Solutions - Dow Home & Personal Care Solutions, The Dow Chemical Company Wayne Ashton, Vice President, DuPont Industrial Biosciences Larry Berger, Executive Vice President and Chief Technical Officer, Ecolab Inc. David Del Guercio, Senior Vice President & General Manager, Household Care Consumer Specialties, Evonik Corporation Joy Atkinson, President, Body and Home Care, North America, Firmenich Inc. Andreas Hartleb, Senior Vice President & General Manager Laundry & Home Care USA, Henkel Consumer Goods Inc. John Smyth, Vice President, Americas, Huntsman Corporation Ernesto Lippert, Vice President, Global Marketing and Technology, Consumer Care, Lonza, Inc. Kristoffer Friis Gleberg, Senior Marketing Director, Household Care, Novozymes Shailesh Jejurikar, President, Global Fabric Care and Brand Building Organization, Global Fabric & Home Care and Executive Sponsor, Global Sustainability, Procter & Gamble Tom O’Brien, Senior Vice President, Performance Chemicals, Sasol Kelly Semrau, Senior Vice President, Global Corporate Affairs, Communication & Sustainability, SC Johnson Rutger Beelaerts, General Manager Intermediates Americas, Shell Chemical LP Scott Behrens, Vice President & General Manager-Global Surfactants, Stepan Company Besides Messrs. Beelaerts and Jejurikar and Ms. Atkinson, other association officers elected include President & CEO Melissa Hockstad; and Secretary Douglas Troutman, ACI General Counsel and Vice President, Government Affairs. The American Cleaning Institute® (ACI – www.cleaninginstitute.org) is the Home of the U.S. Cleaning Products Industry® and represents the $30 billion U.S. cleaning products market. ACI members include the formulators of soaps, detergents, and general cleaning products used in household, commercial, industrial and institutional settings; companies that supply ingredients and finished packaging for these products; and oleochemical producers. ACI (www.cleaninginstitute.org) and its members are dedicated to improving health and the quality of life through sustainable cleaning products and practices. Contacts American Cleaning Institute Brian Sansoni, 202-662-2517 bsansoni@cleaninginstitute.org Release Summary Rutger Beelaerts, General Manager Intermediates Americas, Shell Chemical, LP, has been elected Chair of the ACI Board of Directors. The new Board Vice Chair is Shailesh Jejurikar of Procter & Gamble. Contacts American Cleaning Institute Brian Sansoni, 202-662-2517 bsansoni@cleaninginstitute.org Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Gillette® Enters eSports Through Global Partnership with ESL as Sponsor of the Intel® Extreme Masters World Championship Katowice 2017 BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–For more than 100 years Gillette® [NYSE: PG], the world’s leading male grooming brand, has aligned itself with some of the most prominent and respected athletes and sports leagues in the world. Today, the brand is proud to announce a new partnership with ESL, the world’s largest eSports company, through a sponsorship of the Intel® Extreme Masters (IEM) World Championship in Katowice, Poland from February 24-26, 2017. Leading Gillette’s entrance into gaming is the brand’s first ever eSports athlete, Enrique “xPeke” Cedeño. xPeke is uniquely qualified to join Gillette’s line-up of all-star athletes from his success as a professional gamer, team owner, and former IEM Katowice Most Valuable Player (MVP). Gillette experience during the Intel® Extreme Masters World Championship Katowice 2017 “It’s been exciting and eye-opening as we’ve immersed ourselves in the gaming community and discovered that both professional and amateur gamers have a lot in common with other premier athletes and sports fanatics. Gamers at all levels recognize the importance of precision – split seconds and minute movements make big differences. We get that obsession with precision better than anyone,” said John Mang, Vice President, Global Gillette. „Gillette is thrilled to partner with ESL to join this evolving and growing community.” Demonstrating a shared passion for cutting edge technology, Gillette will offer the teams and fans at IEM Katowice the opportunity to customize Gillette razor handles using 3D printing technology at its RZR MKR Design Studio. Additionally, the brand will provide grooming services to all League of Legend’s competitors throughout the opening weekend and will host autograph sessions and other activities with xPeke. “Gillette has been a leader in sports for many years, often partnering with the top leagues and players, and we are thrilled to welcome such an iconic global brand to our ESL family, ” said Craig Levine, CEO of ESL North America. “Gillette understands the growing popularity of eSports and will play an integral role in helping us enhance the fan experience at the IEM Katowice World Championship.” In addition to the RZR MKR Design Studio experience, Gillette will give fans an exclusive inside look at one of the best and most relentless eSports players in the world, xPeke. The “Pursuit of Precision” content series will bring fans closer to the legendary xPeke as he visits the Gillette World Shaving Headquarters in Boston and discusses the precision required to be a top eSports player and the added pressures of owning a League of Legends team during the current eSports boom. “As a former IEM Katowice MVP and current team owner, I understand the relentless pursuit of precision required to be the best player I can possibly be,” said xPeke. “Gillette obsesses over razor blades the same way I obsess over League of Legends strategy and it’s that common dedication that made me realize how much Gillette actually has in common with gamers,” explained xPeke. “I’m happy and humbled to be their first global eSports ambassador and get the chance to show more of the world how much precision eSports requires.” For additional information, please visit Gillette’s YouTube channel to view the “Pursuit of Precision” content series which will posted on February 6th. About Gillette For over 110 years, Gillette has delivered precision technology and unrivalled product performance – improving the lives of over 750 million men around the world. From shaving and body grooming, to skin care and sweat protection, Gillette offers a wide variety of products including razors, shave gel (gels, foams and creams), skin care, after shaves, antiperspirants, deodorants and body wash. For more information and the latest news on Gillette, visit http://www.gillette.com/. To see our full selection of products, visit http://www.gillette.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. About ESL ESL, a part of the international digital entertainment group MTG, is the world’s largest esports company, leading the industry across the most popular video games with numerous online and offline competitions. It operates high profile, branded international and national leagues and tournaments such as the Intel® Extreme Masters, ESL One, ESL National Championships and other top tier stadium-size events, as well as grassroots amateur cups, leagues and matchmaking systems. ESL covers a broad field of services in gaming technology, event management, advertising and television production, fully catering to the needs of the esports ecosystem. With offices in North America, Germany, Russia, France, Poland, Spain, China, and partners in many other countries, it has a truly global footprint. www.eslgaming.com About Intel® Extreme Masters Intel® Extreme Masters is the longest running global pro gaming tour in the world. Started in 2006 by ESL, the competition features StarCraft II, League of Legends, and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive tournaments in Europe, Asia, and North and South America. ESL’s online broadcast of Intel Extreme Masters reaches over 20 million viewers on Twitch each season. www.intelextrememasters.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Entertainment, headquarters, Industry, Sports, star, Technology, Uncategorized, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SEAT Announces 2018 Asia Pacific Conference in Hawaii Next PostNext Arabinogalactan Market Analysis and Growth Forecast by Applications, Types and Competitors to 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Press Release Gillette® Enters eSports Through Global Partnership with ESL as Sponsor of the Intel® Extreme Masters World Championship Katowice 2017 By Published: Feb 7, 2017 3:15 p.m. ET Share Signs Legendary League of Legends Player xPeke as New Global Brand Ambassador BOSTON, Feb 07, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- For more than 100 years Gillette® [NYSE: PG], the world’s leading male grooming brand, has aligned itself with some of the most prominent and respected athletes and sports leagues in the world. Today, the brand is proud to announce a new partnership with ESL, the world’s largest eSports company, through a sponsorship of the Intel® Extreme Masters (IEM) World Championship in Katowice, Poland from February 24-26, 2017. Leading Gillette’s entrance into gaming is the brand’s first ever eSports athlete, Enrique “xPeke” Cedeño. xPeke is uniquely qualified to join Gillette’s line-up of all-star athletes from his success as a professional gamer, team owner, and former IEM Katowice Most Valuable Player (MVP). This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170131005898/en/ Gillette experience during the Intel® Extreme Masters World Championship Katowice 2017 “It’s been exciting and eye-opening as we’ve immersed ourselves in the gaming community and discovered that both professional and amateur gamers have a lot in common with other premier athletes and sports fanatics. Gamers at all levels recognize the importance of precision – split seconds and minute movements make big differences. We get that obsession with precision better than anyone,” said John Mang, Vice President, Global Gillette. "Gillette is thrilled to partner with ESL to join this evolving and growing community.” Demonstrating a shared passion for cutting edge technology, Gillette will offer the teams and fans at IEM Katowice the opportunity to customize Gillette razor handles using 3D printing technology at its RZR MKR Design Studio. Additionally, the brand will provide grooming services to all League of Legend’s competitors throughout the opening weekend and will host autograph sessions and other activities with xPeke. “Gillette has been a leader in sports for many years, often partnering with the top leagues and players, and we are thrilled to welcome such an iconic global brand to our ESL family, ” said Craig Levine, CEO of ESL North America. “Gillette understands the growing popularity of eSports and will play an integral role in helping us enhance the fan experience at the IEM Katowice World Championship.” In addition to the RZR MKR Design Studio experience, Gillette will give fans an exclusive inside look at one of the best and most relentless eSports players in the world, xPeke. The “Pursuit of Precision” content series will bring fans closer to the legendary xPeke as he visits the Gillette World Shaving Headquarters in Boston and discusses the precision required to be a top eSports player and the added pressures of owning a League of Legends team during the current eSports boom. “As a former IEM Katowice MVP and current team owner, I understand the relentless pursuit of precision required to be the best player I can possibly be,” said xPeke. “Gillette obsesses over razor blades the same way I obsess over League of Legends strategy and it’s that common dedication that made me realize how much Gillette actually has in common with gamers,” explained xPeke. “I’m happy and humbled to be their first global eSports ambassador and get the chance to show more of the world how much precision eSports requires.” For additional information, please visit Gillette’s YouTube channel to view the “Pursuit of Precision” content series which will posted on February 6 [th] . About Gillette For over 110 years, Gillette has delivered precision technology and unrivalled product performance – improving the lives of over 750 million men around the world. From shaving and body grooming, to skin care and sweat protection, Gillette offers a wide variety of products including razors, shave gel (gels, foams and creams), skin care, after shaves, antiperspirants, deodorants and body wash. For more information and the latest news on Gillette, visit http://www.gillette.com/. To see our full selection of products, visit http://www.gillette.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. About ESL ESL, a part of the international digital entertainment group MTG, is the world's largest esports company, leading the industry across the most popular video games with numerous online and offline competitions. It operates high profile, branded international and national leagues and tournaments such as the Intel® Extreme Masters, ESL One, ESL National Championships and other top tier stadium-size events, as well as grassroots amateur cups, leagues and matchmaking systems. ESL covers a broad field of services in gaming technology, event management, advertising and television production, fully catering to the needs of the esports ecosystem. With offices in North America, Germany, Russia, France, Poland, Spain, China, and partners in many other countries, it has a truly global footprint. www.eslgaming.com About Intel® Extreme Masters Intel® Extreme Masters is the longest running global pro gaming tour in the world. Started in 2006 by ESL, the competition features StarCraft II, League of Legends, and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive tournaments in Europe, Asia, and North and South America. ESL’s online broadcast of Intel Extreme Masters reaches over 20 million viewers on Twitch each season. www.intelextrememasters.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170131005898/en/ SOURCE: Procter & Gamble P&G Elena Barrientos Toro, +41 795 187 785 barrientostoro.e@pg.com or Ketchum on behalf P&G Sean Flynn, +44 (0)785 180 9896 Sean.Flynn@ketchum.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Simulation * Innovation * More Tags... Industry News * Manufacturing * More Industries... News By Place * Ann Arbor   Michigan   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News February 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 CIMdata to Offer Workshop on Driving Manufacturing Innovation with Digital Design & Simulation The workshop, sponsored by three of CIMdata's knowledge councils, will take place on June 6 & 7 in Chicago, Illinois.     CIMdata's Don Tolle will help facilitate workshop at DMDII Chicago.   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Simulation • Innovation Industry: • Manufacturing Location: • Ann Arbor - Michigan - USANN ARBOR, Mich. - Feb. 7, 2017 - PRLog -- CIMdata, Inc., the leading global PLM strategic management consulting and research firm, announces that it will offer a workshop on the topic of "Driving Manufacturing Innovation with Digital Design & Simulation: Challenges, Strategies, and Best Practices for Business Success." The workshop will take place at the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute (DMDII) in Chicago, Illinois on June 6 & 7. The workshop will start during the afternoon of June 6 and will end on June 7. A tour of the DMDII manufacturing facility will be part of the first afternoon's highlights. In this one and a half-day workshop, attendees will explore "model-driven systems innovation" from multiple perspectives including strategy, culture, and process; key challenges encountered and effective approaches; and the solutions available to deal with these challenges. The workshop will be facilitated by a group of senior CIMdata analysts including; Dr. Keith Meintjes, Dr. Suna Polat, Mr. Frank Popielas, Mr. Don Tolle, and Dr. Ken Versprille. Key topics for the workshop include: •Model-Based Design for manufacturability. •The role of simulation in Model-Based Engineering and enabling the Digital Thread for product innovation. •Collaboration challenges across the model-driven product lifecycle including digital models and data interoperability standards. •Critical organizational and collaboration challenges faced when applying Model-Based Definition approaches to achieve sustainable product development. And how to address them for global organizations as well as for SMBs in the supply chain. •Collaborative approaches, tools, and technologies to support better and faster ideation and decision-making. •Digital twins and the role they will play in Internet of Things (IoT) and Industry 4.0 initiatives. Mr. Don Tolle, CIMdata's Director for Simulation-Driven Systems Development commented, "DMDII is a pioneer in enabling the connection of different parts of the manufacturing life-cycle through digital models and data, and utilizing that information to make smarter, more efficient business decisions. CIMdata is extremely excited about the opportunity to hold our workshop at the UI labs/DMDII facilities in Chicago, Illinois on June 6 and 7." He added, "We have commitments from several industry keynote speakers representing DMDII, Rolls-Royce, and Procter & Gamble. In addition to those thought leadership presentations, the CIMdata team will conduct a series of interactive workshop sessions on key topics relevant to the product design, systems modeling, and simulation and advanced manufacturing communities." The workshop has been carefully designed over one-and-a-half days to provide those participating with time to network with CIMdata's domain experts, knowledge council participants, and others interested in these topics. For more information on the workshop visit http://www.cimdata.com/en/education/knowledge-council-wor.... Contact CIMdata ***@cimdata.com End Source : CIMdata Email : ***@cimdata.com Tags : Simulation, Innovation Industry : Manufacturing Location : Ann Arbor - Michigan - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse CIM PRs CIMdata Announces the Expansion of Manufacturing Systems Engineering Consulting Practice CIMdata to Host Free Webinar on Why Connected Intelligent Products Need Semantic Web Technology CIMdata & SMS_ThinkTank™ Enter Strategic Partnership CIMdata Announces its 2017 PLM Market & Industry Forum Series BAE Systems Executive, Neil Fleming, to Present at CIMdata's PLM Road Map for A&D Trending News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup Falguni Thakkar: Award-Winning Director of Photography (DP) & Digital Colorist Creating Impactful S New Fie Western Announced—Celebrations Begin With Free Western Giveaway of Million Selling Novel Beatitudes Album Featuring Industry-Leading Artists Releases April 21 $25,000 prize for startups from Seattle and the Greater Pacific Northwest: Synergy Tech Startup Contest announces an event for innovative companies Top Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2389 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1178 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 234 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 223 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 208 views Top Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3111 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2389 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1520 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1056 views Top Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2389 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1178 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 234 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 223 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 208 views Top Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3111 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2389 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1520 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1056 views PTC News Take the Chocolate Tour at Lennar's Heritage Active Adult communities - 388 views Next Gen® Family The Esquer's Showcased on CBS LA - 279 views New Homes at Foster Square Released for Sale - 186 views PM&E, Inc. Receives US$ 500,000 Investment in Cash And Appoints an Exclusive Agent for Asia - 180 views Save the Date for Lennar's The Grove Grand Opening Later This Month - 168 views Feb 07, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Fashion Beauty Living Health Entertainment Tech News Follow Us Video The Skinny Style Out There Shatterbox Anthology Trying Living With Lucie Womanhood 60 Seconds To Fit All R29 Series Fashion Styling Tips Designers Street Style Trends Celebs & Influencers College Shopping Boutiques Beauty How To Videos Hair Nails Makeup Skin Care Fragrance Celebs & Influencers Beauty Prep School Living Travel Home Food & Drinks Work & Money Weddings Health Trends Diet & Nutrition Fitness Sex Spirit Entertainment News TV Movies Books & Art Music Pop Culture Red Carpet Tech News Vote Your Values Election 2016 Culture People U.S. News World News Follow refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Why The NFL Is Supporting Teen Girls In Sports Amelia Edelman February 7, 2017, 5:10 PM Before 2015, an ad for a menstrual product had never run during the Super Bowl — a huge missed opportunity, since women make up 45% of football fans and 70-80% of all consumer purchases. This year, however, Time named the Always "Like A Girl" campaign one of the top 20 Super Bowl ads of all time. Also this year, the NFL Women's Summit (with partners including Always, Secret, and Amy Poehler's Smart Girls, and speakers including, well, half the U.S. women's Olympic gymnastics team) took Super Bowl week by storm, involving hundreds of teen girls in panels and activities to build their confidence in sports, business, and beyond. In the past two years, the Super Bowl has seemingly gone from a boy's club whose advertising space couldn't bear the sight of a single tampon to the hub of a national girl-power summit. What gives? We spoke with the NFL's Dawn Hudson and Always' Jen Davis to find out. At first glance, it does seem like an odd pairing: a major national event for young women, sponsored by...the NFL? But the numbers don't lie: Women make up nearly half of football fans, and historically, they have not received the same quality of targeted marketing attention that the other half has. So, "this summit was really the women in the NFL wanting to reach out and do something for women," explains Hudson, the NFL's chief marketing officer. "A passion point to make a difference — to put our girl power to work in a positive way and leverage the visibility of the super bowl. Make no mistake: Avid female football fans are just as avid as male football fans." Hudson adds that airing the Always "Like A Girl" ad during the 2015 Super Bowl was "a pretty bold move... People thought, Jeez, a whole stadium? We’re going to put a feminine care ad on the big screen? And when they did, the whole stadium erupted into applause." But the commercial's success wasn't only due to the sheer numbers of women who watch the Super Bowl and hope to see themselves reflected — somewhere, anywhere — in its advertising; the ad's content also highlighted a major issue in teen girls' lives. "Always' mission is to stop the drop in confidence that occurs in puberty for over half of girls," explains Davis, who works with Always as vice president and general manager of North America feminine care at Proctor & Gamble. "Many of those girls never recover from that loss of confidence... Prior to that ad, only 19% of girls associated 'like a girl' with being a positive phrase; it’s now 76%." The NFL Women's Summit is doing its part to continue that confidence-building legacy. Of this year's 400 attendees, 250 were teen girls. And although last year's inaugural summit was largely focused on inspiring girls to stay in sports, this year's summit had even wider aspirations — thanks to its location in the Super Bowl's host town. "We’re in Houston," Hudson explains, "a town that’s full of astronauts, biotechnicians, and engineers. These are areas that women statistically don’t go into so much — much like sports. So we wanted to inspire girls to open their eyes to what’s possible for them. I feel like we achieved that during the summit — but the girls themselves will be the deciders." When asked whether young women will need to fight harder than ever for our rights and our futures (given the current abysmal state of affairs in Washington), Hudson is fiercely optimistic, insisting that "women are too successful and have too much going for them" to sit idly by and let our rights be taken away. "Women want to help women," she adds. "If we put our minds to it, we CAN change the world." On that point, we wholeheartedly agree. Living • News • Work & Money More from Work & Money © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 2/07/2017) and Privacy (effective 2/07/2017). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Ideas That Evoke(R) Named by Product Club as Social Media Agency of Record PRWeb Ideas That Evoke(R), a Madison-based marketing agency serving clients in the beauty, lifestyle and luxury industries, today was named as the Social Media Agency of Record for Product Club, an all-encompassing color accessory company focused on providing innovative products and inspiring education for professional hair colorists and stylists. As one of the fastest-growing independent creative agencies in the country, Ideas That Evoke will be responsible for growing Product Club’s reputation as a leader in the salon professional industry for products such as hair coloring foils, unique foil alternatives, gloves, brushes and other hair coloring tools through a comprehensive social media and influencer marketing strategy. “As an agency, we have our finger on the pulse of the professional beauty industry, and are thrilled to partner with Product Club to help take Product Club to the next level,” said Kelly Ehlers, Founder and President of Ideas That Evoke. “With our mix of social media savvy and industry relationships, we are going to position the brand for growth at a time where hair color is top-of-mind across the industry.” Product Club, headquartered in Holtsville, New York, recently celebrated its 25th anniversary and is the industry leader in color accessories. The company offers more than 200 products for professional colorists, including foils, gloves, balayage tools, apparel, caps and more. Focused on helping colorists get the perfect result, Product Club also offers educational resources, including classes at events and with distributor partners, technique-based DVD Collections, Trade Secrets of a Hair Color Expert Book Series, and the QuickStudy Cosmetology Hair Color Guide. “It was clear from our very first conversation that Kelly and the Ideas That Evoke team understands what we at Product Club want to accomplish,” said Product Club Vice President of Marketing, Mary Albanese. “We know Evoke is an expert not only in social media, but also in our industry and our category, which will give us an edge in the social sphere.” Product Club is the latest win for Ideas That Evoke and joins a roster of clients across several industries, including: Marriott, Procter and Gamble, Coty Beauty, Andis Company, Tide Dry Cleaners, Elizabeth Arden, Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spa and Olivia Garden. ### About Ideas That Evoke Ideas That Evoke, a social media, digital and PR agency located in Madison, WI, was recently named the #325th Fastest Growing Private Company in America by Inc. Magazine’s annual Inc. 5,000 List. The agency, founded by Kelly Ehlers in 2009, is rooted in solving business challenges through the innovative use of social media, influencer marketing and disruptive creative. To learn more about Ideas That Evoke(R), visit http://www.IdeasThatEvoke.com, like us on Facebook and follow us on Instagram and Twitter. About Product Club Product Club, founded in 1991, is a leader in color accessories and recently celebrated their 25th year of innovation in 2016. Product Club offers the best possible tools for colorists in the profession, based on salon research and professional packaging. Product Club is committed to education in all hair-coloring techniques like basic foiling, highlighting and more to give colorists the ability to experience technique-based hair color education without being brand specific. For more information about Product Club, visit http://www.productclub.com. Read the full story at http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14039590.htm 
PRWeb.com
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBooks, Business, Companies, company, Education, Home and Garden, Industry, Lifestyle, private, Uncategorized, win Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Verscend Receives 2017 Best in KLAS Award for Payer Quality Analytics and Reporting Solutions Next PostNext Matik, Inc. Hires David Netz as Sales Manager for Converting Products Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Which Commercial Won the Super Bowl? In this year's Super Bowl advertising some of the most well-known and iconic brands were represented, but a trailer for a surprise hit that taps into 80's nostalgia stole the show. Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Feb 7, 2017 at 8:05AM During last night's Super Bowl, Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) released a 30-second teaser trailer for the highly anticipated second season of its surprise summer hit Stranger Things. With an estimated average cost of $5 million dollars for a 30-second commercial, this was a big gamble for Netflix. Advertisers tend to bring their A game, but not everyone gets their money's worth. Consumer reactions can be hard to anticipate. Stranger Things season 2 trailer created the most buzz among Super Bowl ads. Image source: Netflix, Inc. And the winner is... It looks like Netflix strategy paid off. Based on data obtained from marketing technology company Amobee, Business Insider is reporting that the Stranger Things season 2 trailer created the most buzz of any Super Bowl commercial. The ad generated 307,000 tweets between 6:30 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. eastern time, which corresponds with the time the game aired. That was three times more tweets than the next company, and the total was more than the next three combined. Its success is being corroborated by Media Life Magazine, which is reporting that the trailer created 479.9 million social impressions, the most for of any ad.  Place T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ:TMUS), took the second spot, with 91,700 tweets. This was a much more expensive proposition for the company, as it bought more than three full minutes of ad time.Its advertisements featured a variety of celebrities including Justin Bieber, rapper Snoop Dogg with home-making maven Martha Stewart, and comedienne Kristen Schaal, all promoting its unlimited data plan. As the number three carrier, T-Mobile is keen to gain ground against competitors Verizon and AT&T. And show  The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) made a surprise appearance in third place with 80,800 tweets for its Mr. Clean ad, which depicts the "sexy" version of its animated character dancing while cleaning a woman's house. As the woman's fantasy clears, it is revealed to be her husband. Companies spend big on Super Bowl ads as it is one of the most iconic sporting events in the country and offers the unique ability to influence a large portion of the population in one sitting. This year's game is estimated to have been viewed by nearly 114 million people, a number equivalent to 35% of the US population. The day after the game, people aren't only talking about the big plays and the score, but the ads as well. Netflix great content is enjoyed worldwide! Image source: Netflix. Great content crosses borders Netflix streaming service seeks to stave off competition from recent market entrants like Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), which also recently rolled out its service to over 200 countries. Stranger Things success as the most talked about Super Bowl ad can generate additional interest in the show and increase subscribers for the service. Stranger Things was already the surprise hit of the summer for the streaming giant and won at last week's Screen Actors Guild awards, taking the statue for best ensemble in a drama series. Netflix has previously reported that "high quality content travels well across borders."  Final thoughts A win in Super Bowl advertising can create buzz, which can result in additional subscribers, and increased mind share. Studies have concluded that successful Super Bowl ads can provide temporary stock price increases, larger movie box office takes, and heightened awareness of a company's brand. Netflix is hoping to parley an already successful series into a worldwide smash hit. It appears to have completed the all-important first step in that process. Danny Vena owns shares of Amazon and Netflix. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Netflix. The Motley Fool recommends T-Mobile US and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Daniel W. Vena, CPA, CGMA is long-term investor searching for intangibles that provide explosive growth opportunities in his investments. He served on active duty with the US Army and has a Bachelors degree in accounting. Follow @dannyvena Article Info Feb 7, 2017 at 8:05AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $827.46 up $6.10 (0.74%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $144.82 up $0.68 (0.47%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $87.97 down $0.70 (-0.79%) T-Mobile US NASDAQ:TMUS $62.39 up $0.14 (0.22%) Read More 3 Stocks to Watch in January If Disney Wanted Netflix, It Would've Bought It By Now 4 New Must-See Quotes From Netflix, Inc. Management 4 Reasons Why 2016 Wasn't So Bad for Tech Stocks Which Streaming Service Has the Most-Satisfied Customers? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Which Commercial Won the Super Bowl? @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $NFLX, $PG, $TMUS
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 8° Light snow High: 25° | Low: 19° Ten Day ForecastWeather Alert Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted February 6 Updated February 6 increase font size Gender-themed ads like Audi’s criticized, but not going away The post-election mood has made the messages more dangerous for promoting a company's brand. By Jena McgregorThe Washington Post Share Comment Read Article One of the most-discussed ads Sunday night during the Super Bowl was not about football, beer or food. It was an Audi ad about the gender pay gap, featuring a dad watching his little girl competing in a cart race and questioning whether she’d be compensated equally as an adult. “What do I tell my daughter?” the narrator asks. The spot was praised and pilloried. “Lean In” author Sheryl Sandberg, posting about it on Facebook, said “now more than ever, we need ads like this which push back on gender stereotypes,” while high-profile Twitter users and consumers hailed the ad for its message. Audi's Super Bowl ad highlighting the gender pay gap was both praised and pilloried. Courtesy of the Audi USA YouTube channel Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → But it also received heaping criticism, with more dislikes than likes on YouTube and, as of late last week, more negative than positive comments, according to a research firm cited by The Wall Street Journal. Many of the comments questioned the basis of a gender pay gap. “This whole commercial is based off a lie,” one wrote on YouTube. “Women don’t make less than men. Total propaganda.” (The gender wage gap is a complex topic, which can be primarily explained by differences in industry and occupation choice, hours worked, and gaps for taking time off to have children. But researchers have also repeatedly found that part of the gap that remains is “unexplained” or unaccounted for by any of these factors.) The brouhaha over Audi’s “Daughter” spot provided a data point to those wondering how the “femvertising” trend of recent years – the move by brands like Dove, Always and Pantene to embrace gender empowerment themes in their ads – might fare in the aftermath of such a divisive presidential campaign and amid heightened politicization of seemingly any corporate speech. Brands, after all, now find themselves navigating two different movements: Consumers are threatening boycotts and backlash any time a brand wades into seemingly political turf, while voices from the right appear emboldened after the election, criticizing topics that invited much less public controversy in the past. Yet at the same time, the worldwide Women’s March provided a massive counterpoint, demonstrating a powerful force and dynamic response that have elevated women’s issues in the national conversation. Former Wall Street executive Sallie Krawcheck pointed to both in a recent interview. On the one hand, she’s found online comments to her writing on gender issues transformed from professional and polite before the election to angry and contradictory after it was over. Yet in surveys of professional women, she’s also seen them say again and again that they want to take action. “There seems to be sort of an awakening, not just from the election, that we didn’t make as much progress as we thought we did,” she told The Washington Post in January. “There’s a different energy among professional women right now.” Samantha Skey, president and chief revenue officer of SheKnows Media, a digital media company that runs an awards program for such women-focused campaigns, thinks such ads will continue for brands where it makes sense. “It’s just going to invite more discussion because it’s going to seem political,” she says. Internal efforts to improve gender diversity at agencies, combined with the long-term trend of brands being armed with more and more data to reach their target customers, could also play a role in their expansion. “There is no middle right now,” Skey says. Susie Nam, chief operating officer at Droga5, the agency behind Under Armour’s “I Will What I Want” women’s campaign, agrees the trend will continue. “I think there will be more of it,” she says. The brands that succeed will be those that tap into “a really deep-rooted emotional core” and “deep insights about how we’re socialized to behave in a certain way,” rather than simply latching onto the latest marketing trend. She cites the “Like a Girl” campaign for Procter & Gamble’s Always feminine products as one example that embraced the concept credibly. “If you can get to that level of insight, where there’s no dispute, it becomes interesting,” Nam said. While ads explicitly focused on gender issues will continue, they could also become more subtle, where a female CEO is featured, say, but equality is not the core theme. Meanwhile, young “Generation Z” consumers remain concerned about discrimination issues of other groups, too. “I think the Women’s March is an opening in a lot of ways, not only for ‘femvertising’ but an embrace of non-marginalization,” Skey said. Both Nam and Skey note that structural changes in advertising agencies could also be a catalyst. Skey points to General Mills, which began pressuring the agencies it works with to have more gender-balanced teams last year. And Nam said that internal work at agencies like her own to confront unconscious biases, particularly in a male-dominated industry, is likely to create more awareness of those issues in the work they produce. Asking questions like ” ‘why did I think, when we need gravitas in that CEO, that it needed to be a man?’ start to permeate the work that gets out into the world. It’s an inside-out effort,” she says. A spokeswoman for Audi of America could not confirm whether the automaker has a policy like General Mills’ in place, but pointed to other gender initiatives at the company. It signed the Obama White House’s Equal Pay Pledge, has instituted a graduate internship program where 50 percent of enrollment must be female, and has made other external efforts to grow female leaders in fields such as science and the arts. Skey thinks Audi’s message will likely resonate with its upscale target customer. “If you see a middle-of-the-road brand approaching this strategy, it is more risky,” she says. “I don’t doubt that Audi did this with eyes wide open about who it was going to alienate and who it was going to ingratiate.” Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Business Maine’s aerospace exports soared to record $312 million last year Nation & World Transgender doll heads to market Business Amazon will add Arkansas to sales tax list News Ford invests $1 billion in robotics startup as it works toward driverless car Recent Read Shared Another View: The Kelly twins offer vital data for space travel's future Another View: Labeling Muslim group 'terrorist' ill-advised Maine's aerospace exports soared to record $312 million last year Letter to the editor: Bearing witness to end of life remains humbling Letter to the editor: Collins respects the rules of Senate — when it suits her For Standish couple, suicide was a loving choice, relatives say Susan Collins defends her vote to silence colleague Elizabeth Warren L.L. Bean offers retirement buyouts to trim workforce by 10% Eight people (yes, 8) attend pro-Trump rally in Portland - and Twitter noticed New force in Portland politics packs a one-two punch An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Church & Dwight Reports Results Q4 Reported EPS of $0.42; Adjusted EPS of $0.44 Exceeds Outlook 2017 EPS Outlook: Reported $1.72 to $1.74; Adjusted $1.89, up 7% February 07, 2017 07:00 AM Eastern Standard Time EWING, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD):   2016 Fourth Quarter Results 2016 Full Year Results Reported sales growth +2.6%; Organic +2.7% Reported sales growth +2.9%; Organic +3.2% Reported Gross Margin flat; Adjusted +60 bps Reported Gross Margin +100 bps; Adjusted +120 bps Reported Operating Margin flat; Adjusted +50 bps Reported EPS growth 13.6%; Adjusted 9.3% Reported EPS growth of 2.4%; Adjusted 7.3% Cash from operations $655MM; +8.1%   Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) today announced that full year 2016 reported EPS increased 13.6% to $1.75 per share. Adjusted EPS increased 9.3% from $1.62 to $1.77 per share, exceeding the Company’s outlook. Adjusted EPS excludes a charge ($0.02 per share) related to the pending sale of the Brazilian Specialty Products business. Full year 2016 reported sales grew 2.9% to $3,493 million. Organic sales grew 3.2% driven by the global Consumer Products business which grew by 4.2%. Matthew Farrell, Chief Executive Officer, commented, “We again delivered top tier performance within the consumer packaged goods industry including full year organic sales growth of 3.2%, double digit international organic sales growth, adjusted gross margin expansion of 120 basis points and adjusted earnings growth of 9.3%. We overcame the year-long cyclical weakness in our Specialty Products business to deliver on our commitment to shareholders. Finally, we concluded the year with a strong fourth quarter.” Fourth Quarter Review Reported net sales increased $22.4 million or 2.6% to $896.0. Organic sales growth of 2.7% exceeded the Company’s outlook of 1 to 2% driven by the global Consumer Products business. Global Consumer reported sales grew 3.2% (3.5% organic) driven by 4.1% volume growth. Specialty Products reported sales declined 4.3% (-5.2% organic). Total organic sales growth was driven by volume growth of 3.2% partially offset by 0.5% from unfavorable product mix and pricing. Reported EPS increased $0.01 to $0.42 a share. When adjusted to exclude the Brazilian charge, EPS increased $0.03 to $0.44 or 7% per share, exceeding the Company’s outlook. Consumer Domestic reported net sales were $695.4 million, a $23.1 million or 3.4% increase. Organic sales increased by 2.7% primarily due to A&H liquid and unit dose laundry detergent, A&H cat litter, BATISTE dry shampoo, VITAFUSION and L’IL CRITTERS gummy vitamins and OXICLEAN additives, partially offset by a decline in sales of A&H powder laundry detergent and SPINBRUSH toothbrushes. Volume growth contributed 3.5% to organic sales partially offset by a decrease of 0.8% attributable to product mix and pricing. ARM & HAMMER unit dose laundry detergent grew at twice the category consumption growth for the third consecutive quarter while also increasing share. Sales in unmeasured channels continue to grow, especially online retailers which recorded its highest quarterly growth of 2016. In particular, online vitamin and litter sales more than doubled versus last year. Growth in non-measured channels accounted for approximately 300 basis points of organic growth. Consumer International reported net sales were $127.6 million, a $2.6 million or 2.1% increase. Organic sales increased by 7.4%, driven largely by BATISTE, OXICLEAN AND A&H baking soda in the export business and STERIMAR, A&H liquid laundry detergent and baking soda in Mexico. Volume increased 7.2%, while favorable product mix and pricing contributed 0.2%. Specialty Products reported net sales were $73.0 million, a $3.3 million or 4.3% decrease. Organic sales decreased 5.2% due to lower volumes in the specialty chemical sector of the business. The animal nutrition business was down slightly, but saw improved demand from the USA dairy industry as milk prices and dairy farm profitability improved. Gross margin was flat at 45.5% on a reported basis. On an adjusted basis, excluding the Brazilian charge, gross margin increased 60 basis points. The increase was due to productivity programs and the impact of a higher margin acquired business, offset by higher raw material costs. Marketing expense was $116.3 million, a decrease of $3.8 million or 3.2%. Marketing expense as a percentage of net sales decreased 70 basis points to 13.0% in-line with the Company’s outlook. Selling, general, and administrative expense (SG&A) was $118.3 million or 13.2% of net sales, an 80 basis point increase primarily due to higher costs associated with acquisitions, incentive compensation and higher R&D spending. Income from Operations on a reported basis was $173.4 million or 19.3% of net sales, a 10 basis point decrease. On an adjusted basis, excluding the Brazilian charge, operating margin increased 50 basis points to 19.9% of net sales. The reported effective tax rate was 34.9%, compared to 33.8% last year. On an adjusted basis, excluding the Brazilian charge, the effective rate was 33.9%. Operating Cash Flow For the full year 2016, net cash from operating activities was $655.3 million, a $49.2 million increase from the prior year due to a decrease in working capital and higher cash earnings. Capital expenditures for the full year 2016 were $49.8 million, a $12.0 million decrease from the prior year when the Company was completing the York vitamin plant expansion. At December 31, 2016, cash on hand was $187.8 million, while total debt was $1,120.1 million. The Company continues to have significant financial flexibility for acquisitions. 7% Dividend Increase The Company’s Board of Directors today declared a 7% increase in the regular quarterly dividend from $0.1775 to $0.19 per share, equivalent to an annual dividend of $0.76 per share. This raises the dividend payout from $183 million to approximately $195 million to maintain a 40% targeted payout ratio. The quarterly dividend will be payable March 1, 2017 to stockholders of record at the close of business on February 21, 2017. This is the 21st consecutive year in which the Company has increased the dividend. The Company has paid a regular consecutive quarterly dividend for 116 years. Mr. Farrell commented, “This action reflects the Company’s desire for stockholders to benefit from our continued strong growth and is an indication of our confidence in the Company’s performance. The Company expects to generate over $1.8 billion in free cash flow over the next three years. Our robust cash flow enables us to deliver higher value directly to our stockholders while maintaining significant financial flexibility.” Acquisitions On December 22, 2016, the Company acquired the ANUSOL and RECTINOL brands from Johnson & Johnson, Inc. for $130 million. These are the #1 or #2 hemorrhoid care brands mainly sold in the U.K., Canada, Australia and South Africa with 2016 annual sales of $24 million. The acquisition adds scale to our growing international division. On January 17, 2017, the Company acquired the VIVISCAL business from Lifes2Good Holdings Limited for $160 million. Viviscal is the #1 non-drug hair care supplement brand mainly sold in the U.S. and the U.K. with annual 2016 sales of $44 million. This brand is complementary to the Company’s global BATISTE dry shampoo and TOPPIK hair care business. Both acquisitions were financed with debt and are expected to be slightly dilutive to EPS ($0.01 per share) in 2017 due to transition costs. In 2018, we expect the two acquisitions to be accretive to EPS. Both acquisitions add high gross margin, asset-light brands to the Company’s portfolio. The Company intends to continue to aggressively pursue acquisitions. 2017 New Products Mr. Farrell commented, “Innovation continues to be a big driver of our success. In support of our long term strategy to drive revenue and earnings growth, we are pleased to announce 2017 new product launches in several categories. We are launching ARM & HAMMER CLUMP & SEAL SLIDE cat litter, a revolutionary new litter that doesn’t stick to the litter box and ARM & HAMMER unit dose 3-in-1 POWER PAKS laundry detergent. We are introducing a new VITAFUSION energy variant that supports everyday energy needs and alertness. TROJAN is launching a new XOXO upscale condom targeting both men and women with a soft touch, aloe lubricated latex in a unique portable carrying case. We are expanding offerings and distribution of the BATISTE brand leveraging its 2016 growth and #1 U.S. share position.“ Pension Settlement The Company plans to settle its U.K defined benefit pension plans in the second quarter of 2017 for an expected cash outlay (net of tax) of $14-$19 million. The Company estimates it will incur a one-time pre-tax expense of approximately $49 to $55 million upon settlement in 2017 ($0.16 to $0.18). The Company’s U.S. and Canadian plans were settled in previous years. The U.K. settlements will mark the completion of the Company’s plan to eliminate pension expense as a source of future earnings volatility. Sale of Brazilian Chemical Business In the fourth quarter, the Company decided to sell its chemical business (2016 net sales $22 million) in Brazil in order to focus on its Brazilian consumer business, resulting in a $4.9 million ($0.02) charge. The Company expects to close the sale of the business in the first quarter of 2017, resulting in an additional charge of approximately $5 million ($0.02). Outlook for 2017 Mr. Farrell stated, “We expect the 2017 business environment to have higher levels of trade promotions, rising commodity costs and worsening foreign currency headwinds. However, we plan to deliver strong sales, cash and earnings growth with our balanced portfolio of value and premium products, the launch of innovative new products, aggressive productivity programs and tight management of overhead costs.” With regard to 2017, Mr. Farrell said, “We expect reported and organic sales growth of approximately 3% supported by our new product introductions. We expect reported and adjusted gross margin to expand by approximately 60 basis points despite rising commodity costs and foreign exchange headwinds. We expect to increase marketing spending to 12.3% of net sales, a 10 basis point increase, in support of our new products. SG&A is expected to increase 180 basis points, although once adjusted for the pension settlement and Brazil charges, the increase is 10 basis points to 12.7% of sales, largely due to amortization from the two new acquisitions. Including these charges, reported operating margin is expected to decline 120 basis points, but will expand 40 basis points when adjusted to exclude the pension and Brazil charges.” In conclusion, Mr. Farrell said, “We believe 2017 will be an exciting year for Church & Dwight based on our continued focus on innovation and confidence in gross margin expansion. On a reported basis, EPS is expected to be $1.72 to $1.74 per share, which includes a $0.02 negative impact from the Brazil charge, $0.16 to $0.18 negative impact from the pension settlement and a $0.03 positive impact from adopting the new options accounting standard. We expect to achieve 7% adjusted EPS growth or $1.89 per share. This outlook includes incremental marketing spending and $0.01 EPS dilution from transition expenses related to the recently closed acquisitions. The $1.89 outlook excludes the $0.03 EPS impact from the accounting change. The 2017 outlook equates to 8% currency neutral adjusted EPS growth excluding a 1% negative impact from foreign exchange. In 2017, we expect adjusted free cash flow to exceed adjusted net income as we have in previous years. For the first quarter, we expect reported and organic sales growth of approximately 1-2%, gross margin expansion and $0.46 EPS, a 7% increase. We expect EPS in the first half of 2017 to be flat as we significantly increase our second quarter marketing and trade in support of new product launches, especially our cat litter innovation.” Church & Dwight Co., Inc. will host a conference call to discuss fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings results on February 7, 2017 at 12.30 p.m. Eastern time. To participate, dial 877-322-9846 within the U.S. and Canada, or 631-291-4539 internationally, using access code 47679224. A replay will be available two hours after the call at 855-859-2056 using the same access code. You also can participate via webcast by visiting the Investor Relations section of the Company’s website at www.churchdwight.com. Church & Dwight Co., Inc. manufactures and markets a wide range of personal care, household and specialty products under the ARM & HAMMER brand name and other well-known trademarks. This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, including, among others, statements relating to net sales and earnings growth; gross margin changes; trade and marketing spending; marketing expense as a percentage of net sales; sufficiency of cash flows from operations; earnings per share; the impact of new accounting pronouncements; cost savings programs; consumer demand and spending; the effects of competition; the effect of product mix; volume growth, including the effects of new product launches into new and existing categories; the impact of competitive laundry detergent products, including unit dose laundry detergent; the impact of foreign exchange and commodity price fluctuations; the Company’s investments in joint ventures; the impact of acquisitions and divestitures; capital expenditures; the Company’s share repurchase programs and the Company’s effective tax rate. These statements represent the intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs of the Company, and are based on assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable but may prove to be incorrect. In addition, these statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside the Company’s control and could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause such differences include a decline in market growth, retailer distribution and consumer demand (as a result of, among other things, political, economic and marketplace conditions and events); unanticipated increases in raw material and energy prices; delays or other problems in manufacturing or distribution; adverse developments affecting the financial condition of major customers and suppliers; competition, including The Procter & Gamble Company’s participation in the value laundry detergent category and Henkel AG & Co. KGaA’s (“Henkel”) entry into the U.S. premium laundry detergent category; Henkel’s acquisition of The Sun Products Co., Inc.; changes in marketing and promotional spending; growth or declines in various product categories and the impact of customer actions in response to changes in consumer demand and the economy, including increasing shelf space of private label products; consumer and competitor reaction to, and customer acceptance of, new product introductions and features; the Company’s ability to maintain product quality and characteristics at a level acceptable to our customers and consumers; disruptions in the banking system and financial markets; foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; implications of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union; issues relating to the Company’s information technology and controls; the impact of natural disasters on the Company and its customers and suppliers, including third party information technology service providers; the acquisition or divestiture of assets; the outcome of contingencies, including litigation, pending regulatory proceedings and environmental matters; and changes in the regulatory environment. For a description of additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward looking statements, please see Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by the U.S. federal securities laws. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures the Company makes on related subjects in its filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release also contains non-GAAP financial information. Management uses this information in its internal analysis of results and believes that this information may be informative to investors in gauging the quality of the Company’s financial performance, identifying trends in its results and providing meaningful period-to-period comparisons. The Company has included reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the end of this press release for these reconciliations. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as similar measures provided by other companies due to potential differences in methods of calculation and items being excluded. They should be read in connection with the Company’s financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP. All applicable amounts in the condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosure included in this press release have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Company’s two-for-one stock split effected September 1, 2016.   CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited)                 Three Months Ended   Twelve Months Ended December 31,   December 31, December 31,   December 31, (In millions, except per share data)       2016   2015   2016   2015 Net Sales $ 896.0 $ 873.6 $ 3,493.1 $ 3,394.8 Cost of sales         488.0     476.2     1,902.5     1,883.0 Gross Profit 408.0 397.4 1,590.6 1,511.8 Marketing expenses 116.3 120.1 427.2 417.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses         118.3     108.1     439.2     420.1 Income from Operations 173.4 169.2 724.2 674.2 Equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates 2.5 2.6 9.2 (5.8 ) Other income (expense), net         (6.4 )     (6.9 )     (27.5 )     (33.0 ) Income before Income Taxes 169.5 164.9 705.9 635.4 Income taxes         59.1     55.8     246.9     225.0 Net Income       $ 110.4   $ 109.1   $ 459.0   $ 410.4 Net Income per share - Basic $ 0.43 $ 0.42 $ 1.78 $ 1.57 Net Income per share - Diluted       $ 0.42   $ 0.41   $ 1.75   $ 1.54 Dividends per share $ 0.18 $ 0.17 $ 0.71 $ 0.67 Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic 256.4 261.2 257.6 262.2 Weighted average shares outstanding - Diluted         260.3     266.2     262.1     267.2     CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)       (Dollars in millions)   Dec. 31, 2016   Dec. 31, 2015 Assets             Current Assets             Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 187.8 $ 330.0 Accounts Receivable 287.0 276.2 Inventories 258.2 274.0 Other Current Assets     23.8     25.8 Total Current Assets     756.8     906.0 Property, Plant and Equipment (Net) 588.6 609.6 Equity Investment in Affiliates 8.5 8.4 Trade names and Other Intangibles 1,431.8 1,269.5 Goodwill 1,444.1 1,354.9 Other Long-Term Assets     124.3     108.5 Total Assets   $ 4,354.1   $ 4,256.9 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity             Short-Term Debt $ 426.8 $ 357.2 Other Current Liabilities     575.1     515.5 Total Current Liabilities     1,001.9     872.7 Long-Term Debt 693.4 692.8 Other Long-Term Liabilities 680.9 668.2 Stockholders’ Equity     1,977.9     2,023.2 Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity   $ 4,354.1   $ 4,256.9     CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow (Unaudited)       Twelve Months Ended December 31,   December 31, (Dollars in millions)   2016   2015   Net Income $ 459.0 $ 410.4   Depreciation and amortization 107.6 101.0 Deferred income taxes 24.9 24.0 Non cash compensation 16.0 16.1 Asset impairment charge and other asset write-offs 5.6 19.2 Pension Charge - 8.4 Other (2.0 ) 6.1   Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (12.7 ) 33.5 Inventories 19.2 (38.5 ) Other current assets 2.1 (2.0 ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses 50.5 21.8 Income taxes payable 32.8 29.7 Excess tax benefit on stock options exercised (30.0 ) (15.8 ) Other     (17.7 )     (7.8 ) Net cash from operating activities 655.3 606.1   Capital expenditures (49.8 ) (61.8 ) Acquisition (305.3 ) (74.9 ) Other     0.5     (4.5 ) Net cash (used in) investing activities (354.6 ) (141.2 )   Net change in long-term debt - (250.0 ) Net change in short-term debt 68.9 211.7 Payment of cash dividends (183.0 ) (175.3 ) Stock option related 80.5 44.3 Purchase of treasury stock (400.0 ) (363.1 ) Other     (6.0 )     (2.6 ) Net cash (used in) financing activities (439.6 ) (535.0 )   F/X impact on cash     (3.3 )     (22.9 )   Net change in cash and cash equivalents   $ (142.2 )   $ (93.0 )     2016 and 2015 Product Line Net Sales           Three Months Ended Percent 12/31/2016     12/31/2015   Change Household Products $ 406.6   $ 395.7   2.8 % Personal Care Products   288.8     276.6     4.4 % Consumer Domestic $ 695.4 $ 672.3 3.4 % Consumer International   127.6     125.0     2.1 % Total Consumer Net Sales $ 823.0 $ 797.3 3.2 % Specialty Products Division   73.0     76.3     -4.3 % Total Net Sales $ 896.0   $ 873.5     2.6 %   Twelve Months Ended Percent 12/31/2016   12/31/2015   Change Household Products $ 1,593.4 $ 1,544.3 3.2 % Personal Care Products   1,084.4     1,037.3     4.5 % Consumer Domestic $ 2,677.8 $ 2,581.6 3.7 % Consumer International   525.2     501.0     4.8 % Total Consumer Net Sales $ 3,203.0 $ 3,082.6 3.9 % Specialty Products Division   290.1     312.2     -7.1 % Total Net Sales $ 3,493.1   $ 3,394.8     2.9 %   Non-GAAP Measures: The following discussion addresses the non-GAAP measures used in this press release and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures. The following non-GAAP measures may not be the same as similar measures provided by other companies due to differences in methods of calculation and items and events being excluded. Organic Sales Growth: This press release provides information regarding organic sales growth, namely net sales growth excluding the effect of acquisitions and foreign exchange rate changes. Management believes that the presentation of organic sales growth is useful to investors because it enables them to assess, on a consistent basis, sales trends related to products that were marketed by the Company during the entirety of relevant periods, excluding the impact of acquisitions and excluding foreign exchange rate changes that are out of the control of, and do not reflect the performance of, the Company and management. Adjusted Gross Margin: This press release provides information regarding adjusted gross margin, namely gross margin excluding the effect of charges taken in 2016 and expected to be taken in 2017 related to the Brazilian Specialty Products business. We believe that excluding these charges from gross margin provides a useful measure of the Company’s ongoing operating performance and a more effective comparison to prior periods by excluding significant one-time events. Adjusted SG&A: This press release presents information regarding adjusted SG&A, namely selling, general and administrative expenses excluding settlement charges related to our Canadian pension in 2015 and expected to be taken in 2017 related to the Brazilian Specialty Products business and an expected settlement charge related to our U.K. pension. We believe that this metric enhances investors’ understanding of the Company’s year over year expenses by excluding certain significant one-time items. Adjusted Operating Income and Margin: This press release provides information regarding adjusted operating income and margin, which exclude the effect of charges taken in 2016 and expected to be taken in 2017 related to the Brazilian Specialty Products business and an expected settlement charge related to our U.K. pension. We believe that excluding these charges from operating income and margin provides a useful measure of the Company’s ongoing operating performance and a more effective comparison to prior periods by excluding significant one-time events. Adjusted EPS: This press release also presents adjusted EPS, namely, earnings per share calculated in accordance with GAAP, as adjusted to exclude significant one-time items that are not indicative of the Company’s period to period performance. We believe that this metric provides investors a useful perspective of underlying business trends and results and provides useful supplemental information regarding our year over year earnings per share growth. Forecasted adjusted EPS for 2017 excludes charges related to the Brazilian Specialty Products business and the settlement charges related to our U.K. pension, as well as the positive impact from the implementation of a new stock option accounting standard. Adjusted EPS for 2016 excludes charges related to the Brazilian Specialty Products business and adjusted EPS for 2015 excludes a settlement charge related to our Canadian pension and an impairment charge related to our Natronx joint venture. Free Cash Flow: Free cash flow is defined as cash from operating activities less capital expenditures. Management views free cash flow as an important measure because it is one factor in determining the amount of cash available for dividends and discretionary investment. Adjusted Free Cash Flow as Percentage of Adjusted Net Income: Adjusted free cash flow as percentage of adjusted net income is defined as the ratio of free cash flow to net income excluding the Brazilian Specialty Products business and the settlement charges related to our U.K. pension, as well as the positive impact from the implementation of a new stock option accounting standard. Management views this as a measure of how effective the Company manages its cash flow relating to working capital and capital expenditures.   CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. Organic Sales       Three Months Ended 12/31/2016                 Total Worldwide Consumer Consumer Specialty Company Consumer Domestic International Products Reported Sales Growth 2.6% 3.2% 3.4% 2.1% -4.3% Less: Acquisitions 1.0% 1.0% 1.0% 1.4% 0.0% Add: FX / Other 1.1% 1.3% 0.3% 6.7% -0.9%   Organic Sales Growth 2.7% 3.5% 2.7% 7.4% -5.2%   Twelve Months Ended 12/31/2016   Total Worldwide Consumer Consumer Specialty Company Consumer Domestic International Products Reported Sales Growth 2.9% 3.9% 3.7% 4.8% -7.1% Less: Acquisitions 0.9% 1.0% 0.8% 1.6% 0.0% Add: FX / Other 1.2% 1.3% 0.2% 6.8% 0.5%   Organic Sales Growth 3.2% 4.2% 3.1% 10.0% -6.6%     CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. Reported vs. Adjusted Condensed Statement of Income (Amounts in Millions Except Per Share Amounts)             Three Months ended December 31, 2016 Three Months ended December 31, 2015 Reported   Adjusted Reported   Net Sales $ 896.0 $ 896.0 $ 873.6   Gross Profit 408.0 412.9 (1) 397.4 % of Sales 45.5 % 46.1 % 45.5 %   Marketing Expenses 116.3 116.3 120.1   Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   118.3   118.3   108.1   Operating Profit 173.4 178.3 169.2 % of Sales 19.3 % 19.9 % 19.4 %   Other Income/(Expense)   (3.9 )   (3.9 )   (4.3 )   Income Before Taxes 169.5 174.4 164.9   Income Taxes 59.1 59.1 55.8 Tax Rate   34.9 %   33.9 %   33.8 %   Net Income $ 110.4 $ 115.3 $ 109.1   Diluted EPS $ 0.42 $ 0.44 7% $ 0.41   (1) Excludes charge of $4.9 million (approximately $0.02 per share) related to the Brazilian business     CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. Reported vs. Adjusted Condensed Statement of Income (Amounts in Millions Except Per Share Amounts)             Twelve Months ended December 31, 2016 Twelve Months ended December 31, 2015 Reported   Adjusted Reported   Adjusted     Net Sales $ 3,493.1 $ 3,493.1 $ 3,394.8 $ 3,394.8   Gross Profit 1,590.6 1,595.5 (1) 1,511.8 1,511.8 % of Sales 45.5 % 45.7 % 44.5 % 44.5 %   Marketing Expenses 427.2 427.2 417.5 417.5   Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   439.2   439.2   420.1   411.2 (2)   Operating Profit 724.2 729.1 674.2 683.1 % of Sales 20.7 % 20.9 % 19.9 % 20.1 %   Other Income/(Expense)   (18.3 )   (18.3 )   (38.8 )   (21.8 ) (3)   Income Before Taxes 705.9 710.8 635.4 661.3   Income Taxes 246.9 246.9 225.0 227.3 Tax Rate   35.0 %   34.7 %   35.4 %   34.4 %   Net Income $ 459.0 $ 463.9 $ 410.4 $ 434.0   Diluted EPS $ 1.75 $ 1.77 9% $ 1.54 $ 1.62   (1) Excludes charge of $4.9 million (approximately $0.02 per share) related to the Brazilian business (2) Excludes settlement charge of $8.9 million (approximately $0.03 per share) related to Canadian pension (3) Excludes impairment Charge of $17.0 million (approximately $0.06 per share) related to Natronx joint venture     CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC.   Forecasted Reported and Adjusted Financial Results                       For the Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 Change Reported   Adjusted Reported   Adjusted Reported Adjusted   Gross Margin 45.5 % 45.7 % (1) 46.2 % 46.3 % (2) +70 bps +60 bps   Marketing 12.2 % 12.2 % 12.3 % 12.3 % +10 bps +10 bps   SG&A   12.6 %   12.6 %   14.4 %   12.7 % (3) +180 bps +10 bps   Operating Profit Margin   20.7 %   20.9 %   19.5 %   21.3 % -120 bps +40 bps   (1) Excludes charge related to the Brazilian business   (2) Excludes charge related to the Brazilian business   (3) Excludes settlement charge related to U.K. pension                   Reported and Adjusted Forecasted EPS   2016 2017 Percent Change   Reported $ 1.75 $1.72 - $1.74 -2% to -1%   Charge related to the Brazilian business $ 0.02 $ 0.02   Stock Option Accounting Change $ - $ (0.03 )   U.K. Pension Settlement Charge $ - $0.18 - 0.16     Adjusted EPS (Non GAAP) $ 1.77 $ 1.89 +7%   Currency Impact $ - $ 0.02     Currency Neutral EPS (Non GAAP) $ 1.77 $ 1.91 +8%   Contacts Church & Dwight Co., Inc. Rick Dierker, 609-806-1900 Chief Financial Officer Contacts Church & Dwight Co., Inc. Rick Dierker, 609-806-1900 Chief Financial Officer Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home Industry Oral-B beefs up electric toothbrush portfolio Oral-B beefs up electric toothbrush portfolio Oral healthcare brand Oral-B has launched a range of electric rechargeable toothbrushes, priced Rs 3,800 onwards as it looks to expand its position in the niche but growing segment. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published: February 7, 2017 4:59 PM The company currently sells a range of manual and electric toothbrushes in India. (image source: oral B) Oral healthcare brand Oral-B has launched a range of electric rechargeable toothbrushes, priced Rs 3,800 onwards as it looks to expand its position in the niche but growing segment. The company currently sells a range of manual and electric toothbrushes in India. “We’re proud to introduce our new electric toothbrushes, including the Oral-B Pro 2000 in India with Oscillating, Rotating, Pulsating (ORP) technology. Its unique oscillating, rotating and pulsating action moves up to 48,800 times removing up to a 100 per cent more plaque vs a regular brush,” Oral-B R&D Expert Phillip Hundeshagen said in a statement. This results in significantly better oral health for consumers, he added. Part of the Procter & Gamble Company, Oral-B is a global leader in the over USD 5 billion global brushing market. You may also like to watch: According to industry estimates, the powered toothbrush market in India is at a nascent stage pegged at about USD 1 million, while the manual toothbrush market is estimated to be at USD 450 million. The two products — PRO 600 and PRO 2000 — will be available on Amazon.in for Rs 3,800 and Rs 5,800, respectively. The cost of two heads (which are replaced at intervals) of Oral-B powered toothbrush is Rs 955. The toothbrush comes equipped with visible pressure sensor that lights up to alert users when they are brushing too hard and an on-handle timer that buzzes every 30 seconds to inform when it’s time to focus on brushing the next quadrant of the mouth. It has two modes -– daily clean and gum care (massage mode for gentle stimulation of gums). Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Union Budget 2017 provides leeway to increase power demand, wanting in tackling stressed assets: Experts Union Budget 2017 - income tax rates: Here's what the new 10% surcharge will cost the super-rich Rs 2,349.79 crore deficit budget presented in Assam Assembly Union Budget 2017-18 focuses on wider tax compliance, says ClearTax Here's how you can save more income tax after the announcement made by FM in the current Budget Trending Now AIADMK Lok Sabha MPs join O Panneerselvam camp UP Election: BJP MP Sanjeev Balyan casts vote in Muzaffarnagar Puduchery government seeks Central relief of Rs 100 crores for drought relief West Bengal BJP gets hands on training in Uttar Pradesh election Donald Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover UP Election 2017: Congress common minimum programme focuses on employment, Dalits Pakistan Senate committee dissatisfied over government’s attitude on CPEC Shah Rukh, Aamir click first picture together in 25 years Chinese soldier returns home from India after five decades 30 per cent votes polled till noon in Uttar Pradesh SP-Cong alliance has shaken PM Narendra Modi’s confidence: Akhilesh Yadav  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: नई विधानसभा बनने से क्षेत्र में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों-किसानों की स्थिति में बदलाव नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: मुस्लिम इलाकों में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों तक नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: अखिलेश यादव और राहुल गांधी दिखा रहे हैं 'दोस्ताना' लेकिन इस सीट पर सपा और कांग्रेस हैं आमने-सामने Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Human Resource & Workforce Management | Surveys, Polls and Research WilsonHCG lanza su tercer informe anual de Fortune 500 denominado "Top 100 Employment Brands Report" Download image General Electric y Johnson & Johnson consiguen un lugar principal dentro de la categoría de mejor marca de empleo en su clase TAMPA, Florida, 7 de febrero de 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- WilsonHCG,  líder mundial de soluciones para talentos, ha presentado hoy su informe 2017 Top 100 Employment Brands Report, una evaluación anual y clasificación de las compañías incluidas en Fortune 500 según lo bien que se clasifiquen así mismas para los empleados potenciales. De los cientos de compañías analizadas, General Electric y Johnson & Johnson han conseguido las mejores clasificaciones basándose en seis indicados de marca de empleo clave. "Al tiempo que siguen las guerras de talento mundiales y la competición por contratar es fiera, es vital que las organizaciones inviertan en empleo de marca para atraer a los nuevos empleados. Aunque para muchos, esto es más sencillo decirlo que hacerlo. De hecho, en una reciente encuesta de consejo de administración de conferencias ha revelado esa retención, descubriendo la próxima generación de líderes, además de atraer a los principales talentos son las preocupaciones más destacadas para los consejeros delegados de Estados Unidos", comentó John Wilson, consejero delegado de WilsonHCG. "Las compañías que van a ganar en la atracción y mantenimiento de los empleados son las que van a construir una marca de empleo superior, y las organizaciones clasificadas con más nota en nuestro informe demuestran el tipo de participación, dedicación y transparencia necesarios para destacar como empleador destacado en el actual mercado de trabajo competitivo". El Top 100 Employment Brands Report de este año ha visto a varias de las compañías repetidoras dentro del Top Ten, demostrando un compromiso continuado con los esfuerzos de marca, además de a algunas empresas nuevas que subieron de forma rápida a través de las clasificaciones frente a otros años. Las marcas de empleo del Top Ten para 2017 incluyen a: General Electric, Johnson & Johnson, AT&T, General Mills, 3M, Goldman Sachs, General Motors, Procter & Gamble, CDW, Cisco Systems, Hilton Worldwide y Salesforce.com. Otros de los principales descubrimientos del informe incluyen: Consistencia en excelencia: Ha habido una evolución en el criterio de puntuación desde el año 2015, incluyendo el poner un énfasis mayor en las páginas de carreras y marketing de reclutamiento, además de añadir nuevas categorías de puntuación. Johnson & Johnson, General Mills y Goldman Sachs todas ellas se mantuvieron en las clasificaciones del Top Ten por tercera vez. Grandes espacios: El Top 100 de la lista consiguió un resultado de casi dos veces mejor que el de los 100 puestos de más abajo. De hecho, el Top 100 puntuó más de 10 veces mejor que los 100 de más abajo en la categoría de logros, y casi cinco veces mejor en marketing de reclutamiento. Los líderes además puntuaron un 225% mejor que en la categoría Corporate Social Responsibility, que tiene una importancia creciente para los empleados en la actualidad, y después se clasificó mejor que los 100 puestos de más abajo en las páginas de carreras, revisiones de empleados y experiencia de candidatos. De forma adicional, las compañías de Fortune 500 con una clasificación de empleo de marca dentro del Top 10 disponen de unos ingresos combinados cuatro veces superiores a los de las organizaciones clasificadas entre las 10 de más abajo. El mayor salto: MassMutual Financial Group subió 36 puntos en el informe Employment Brand en comparación con el año anterior, pasando hasta el puesto 99 frente al puesto 472 del informe anterior. El informe WilsonHCG 2017 Top 100 Employment Brands Report clasifica a las compañías dentro de Fortune 500 basándose en un sistema de puntos que evalúa los criterios clave que incluyen páginas de carrera, trabajos de comités de asesoramiento, revisiones de los empleados y dedicación de candidatos, logros, marketing de reclutamiento y responsabilidad social empresarial. Las compañías pueden ganar hasta 100 puntos, con un peso mayor en las principales áreas de importancia del marcado de empleados, como revisiones de los empleados y dedicación de los candidatos gracias a su influencia e importancia en el viaje de reclutamiento. Si desea descargar el 2017 Employment Brand Report o aprender más acerca de WilsonHCG, visite: http://whcg.co/2kmjwqb. Acerca de WilsonHCG WilsonHCG es un líder global en soluciones de talento que opera según el principio de ofrecer una verdadera asociación a sus clientes. Ofreciendo soluciones de talento que impactan en la empresa - incluyendo externalización del proceso de reclutación (RPO), consultoría de talento, soluciones de fuerza laboral contingente y búsqueda ejecutiva - WilsonHCG está transformando las empresas de sus clientes a través de su talento. Fundada en 2002, la sede global de la compañía se localiza en Tampa, Florida. Sus capacidades mundiales abarcan seis continentes y más de 35 países. Aunque optimizar las estrategias de talento de los clientes es esencial, WilsonHCG reconoce que las relaciones que desarrolla conducen a los resultados que consiguen sus clientes. Better People, Better Business.® Si desea más información relacionada con WilsonHCG y sus servicios, visite la página web www.wilsonhcg.com. Contacto para medios: Brittany Bevacqua Affect 212-398-9680 bbevacqua@affect.com Logo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/325459/wilsonhcg_logo.jpg SOURCE WilsonHCG RELATED LINKS http://www.wilsonhcg.com More by this Source WilsonHCG veröffentlicht dritten jährlichen „Top 100 Arbeitgebermarken-Report" der Fortune 500 06 Feb, 2017, 20:56 GMT WilsonHCG publie son troisième rapport annuel sur les « 100 meilleures images de marque en tant qu'employeur » des entreprises du Fortune 500 06 Feb, 2017, 18:46 GMT WilsonHCG Releases Third Annual Fortune 500 "Top 100 Employment Brands Report" 06 Feb, 2017, 14:00 GMT View all news by WilsonHCG Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Human Resource & Workforce Management News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
한국어 日本語 Español Sections Scores News Video Stats Standings Schedule Players Tickets Apps Shop MLB.TV Auction Fantasy Teams Scores News News News In This Section Probable Pitchers Top Prospects Injury Updates Transactions Hall of Fame History World Series Events MLB Draft All-Star Game Game Notes Featured Cut 4 Play Ball Voices Pipeline Awards Sports on Earth Entertainment World Baseball Classic #AwardWorthy Espanol Video Video Video In This Section Watch MLB.TV Instant Replay Statcast MLB Network #MLBmemorybank 120 Sports Podcasts Alternative Audio Most Popular Featured MLB Tonight MLB Moments Must C Chatting Cage FastCast Field Experts Outstandings Cut4 Baseball's Best Moments Stats Stats Stats Postseason Sortable Stats Regular Season Sortable Stats Regular Season League Leaders Spring Training Sortable Stats Statcast Leaders Sortable Team Stats Milestone Tracker Offseason Leagues Scoring Changes Glossary Sortable Stats Standings Standings Standings 2016 Regular Season Standings 2016 Wild Card Standings Postseason Projections Postseason Picture Spring Training Standings 2015 Regular Season Standings Schedule Schedule Schedule 2017 Regular Season 2017 Spring Training 2016 Postseason Important Dates Team-by-Team Schedule National Broadcasts Probable Pitchers MLB Singles Players Players Players Player Search Injury Updates Depth Charts Transactions Top Prospects Mobile Player Alerts MLB Players Association Probable Pitchers Franchise Four Hot Stove Tracker Tickets Tickets Tickets General Ticket Information Spring Training Tickets Spring Training Travel Packages StubHub.com Big League Tours WBC Spring Training Tickets 2017 Season Tickets Big League Tours Bank of America 2017 Schedule Apps Apps Apps At Bat app At Bat on Tablets At Bat on Apple iPad® MLB.com Ballpark app MLB Fans App Beat the Streak MLB.com Home Run Derby 16 MLB.com Line Drive R.B.I. Baseball 17 MLB.com Franchise MVP FAQ MLB.com Line Drive Shop Shop Shop Jerseys Caps Men's Women's Kids Big & Tall Collectibles & Memorabilia Home & Office Clearance Photo Store Auctions Authentication Autographed Baseball Cards Baseballs Bats Caps Experiences Game-Used Jerseys Photos World Series Champs MLB Auctions MLB.TV MLB.TV MLB.TV Buy MLB.TV Watch MLB.TV Buy Gameday Audio Alternative Audio MLB.TV Devices MLB.TV with Extra Innings MLB.TV Help Center/FAQs MLB.TV Support Forum MLB.TV Blackouts Contact Us wbc Spring Training Auction Fantasy Fantasy Fantasy 2017 Fantasy Player Preview R.B.I. Baseball 17 MLB.com Home Run Derby MLB.com Line Drive MLB.com Franchise MVP Player News & Updates Closer Report Injury Report WGT Baseball: MLB Prospect Watch Fantasy 411 Blog Follow @Fantasy411 Beat the Streak R.B.I. Baseball 17 Fantasy Player Preview 160x160 MLB.com Line Drive MLB.com Home Run Derby MLB.com Postseason Bracket Challenge Teams Teams American League AL East Baltimore Boston NY Yankees Tampa Bay Toronto AL Central Chi White Sox Cleveland Detroit Kansas City Minnesota AL West Houston LA Angels Oakland Seattle Texas National League NL East Atlanta Miami NY Mets Philadelphia Washington NL Central Chi Cubs Cincinnati Milwaukee Pittsburgh St. Louis NL West Arizona Colorado LA Dodgers San Diego San Francisco Now Reading: MLB News Toggle Menu MLB & Team News Select a team Arizona Diamondbacks Atlanta Braves Baltimore Orioles Boston Red Sox Chicago Cubs Chicago White Sox Cincinnati Reds Cleveland Indians Colorado Rockies Detroit Tigers Houston Astros Kansas City Royals Los Angeles Angels Los Angeles Dodgers Miami Marlins Milwaukee Brewers Minnesota Twins New York Mets New York Yankees Oakland Athletics Philadelphia Phillies Pittsburgh Pirates San Diego Padres San Francisco Giants Seattle Mariners St. Louis Cardinals Tampa Bay Rays Texas Rangers Toronto Blue Jays Washington Nationals On The Move: Trades & Transactions Youth Baseball 2015 Postseason 2015 World Series Program Browse MLB Press Releases MLB News RSS CLOSE Now Commenting On: Reds embrace Harmon's legacy In honor of Black History Month, Cincinnati celebrates its first African-American player The Reds honored Harmon with a statue outside of the P&G Cincinnati MLB Youth Academy in 2015. (Mark Newman/MLB.com) By Mark Sheldon / MLB.com | @m_sheldon | + 0 COMMENTS CINCINNATI -- It's been nearly 63 years since Chuck Harmon made history for the Reds as their first African-American player. Time has not diminished what he has meant to Cincinnati, and the club continues to embrace and honor Harmon's legacy. Harmon, then 29, appeared for the first time as a pinch-hitter in the seventh inning against the Milwaukee Braves on April 17, 1954, seven years after Jackie Robinson broke the Major League color barrier with the Dodgers. "He came through at a time when it was difficult for African-Americans to play pro baseball. Even though it was several years after Jackie Robinson, he was our first," said Rick Walls, the executive director of the Reds Hall of Fame. Harmon is now 92 years old and remains a Cincinnati resident. In a sit-down interview with MLB.com ahead of the Civil Rights Game in 2010, he said he never let the issue of racism bother him while he was playing, even in a city like Cincinnati that was racially divided at the time. "If you worried about how you were being treated or going to be treated, you don't need to be there," Harmon said. "You have to play the game and do all the little extra things. You don't have time to wonder if someone will look at you cross-eyed or say something to you. It was enough to worry about that baseball coming at you or someone sliding into you. There were too many other things to worry about." Harmon shakes hands with his son, Chuck Harmon Jr., during a 2004 plaque unveiling ceremony honoring him.(AP Photo/Al Behrman) Harmon spent four seasons in the Major Leagues. He was traded from the Reds to the Cardinals in May 1956 and dealt again in '57 to the Phillies. Over his 289 career games in the big leagues, he batted .238 with seven home runs and 59 RBIs. "Mr. Harmon, he was always pulling for the Reds," former Reds manager Dusty Baker said in 2010. "I remember when Frank Robinson came in, he took him under his wing. Frank was a young African-American kid from Oakland coming to Cincinnati -- it was a little different back then. Mr. Harmon went through a lot and talked to Frank. Back in the day, to be the first African-American anywhere was different. I went through being the first African-American in my school district -- me and my brother -- in high school. I know how hard it was for me in 1966, so I imagine what it was like for him in 1954." In his post-playing career, Harmon scouted for the Braves, Indians and the NBA's Indiana Pacers. He also worked in sales for the MacGregor Sporting Goods Company. For 24 years he worked as an administrative assistant at Ohio's First District Court of Appeals, and he was married for 62 years to Daurel, who passed away in 2009. The couple had three children. For several years, Harmon was a fixture at Great American Ball Park to watch games. He also is a frequent guest at events like Redsfest and other special occasions for the club. In 2014, Harmon received the Powell Crosley Jr. Award from the Reds Hall of Fame and Museum for his dedication and devotion to the Reds. "It was for his influence and ambassadorship with the fans and represents the club and carries himself," Walls said. "He's a humanitarian in many ways and a class act all of the time." In 2015, during the week of the All-Star Game in Cincinnati, the Reds honored Harmon with a statue outside of the P&G Cincinnati MLB Youth Academy. • Harmon statue unveiled "It was always a pleasure to give someone an autograph or have a picture taken with them," Harmon said. "That's why they come out there. It makes you feel good. Naturally, in your heart, you say to yourself, 'I must be doing something right.'" In March, he will be part of a new Reds Hall of Fame exhibit, "From Red to Bronze," which focuses on the nine Reds players that have had statues made in their honor. "People ask me the same old thing: 'Did you think you would make history?'" Harmon said. "I tell them, 'When you're born, you're history.' You don't realize when you're actually making history." Mark Sheldon has covered the Reds for MLB.com since 2006, and previously covered the Twins from 2001-05. Follow him on Twitter @m_sheldon and Facebook and listen to his podcast. This story was not subject to the approval of Major League Baseball or its clubs. Share This Email Print + Hide Comments 0 COMMENTS Reds embrace Harmon's legacy Connect with MLB.com Facebook Twitter Google Plus Terms of Use Privacy Policy (updated January 20, 2016) About Our Ads Legal Notices Contact Us © MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved. View MLB.com in English En Español
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Sunday’s Big Game: An Opportunity for Beer Brands to Win at the Shelf SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Quri, the leader in Performance Driven Merchandising™, is announcing today the results from its beer-focused performance driven merchandising campaign, highlighting the opportunity for brands to drive sales through better in-store merchandising execution. The data released tracked the performance of 11 beer brands including Bud Light, Miller Lite, Shock Top, Michelob Ultra, Samuel Adams, Corona, and more, in hundreds of stores across the mass merchandiser and grocery channels. While many of the big beer brands make a significant investment in advertising dollars, an investment in the right tools and training for internal teams and their distributor partners can turn in-store merchandising execution efforts into a strategic competitive advantage. „Beer continues to be a merchandising battleground, with fierce competition for refrigerator space and display location taking place due to shopper desire for beer variety and microbrew brands. There is a major opportunity for both macro and craft brands to drive competitive advantage through field labor optimization for increased sales and share gains,” comments Justin Behar, CEO of Quri. The data analyzed includes brands’ merchandising presence both in off shelf displays and primary home locations across 800 Walmart and Kroger stores for the 14 days ending Monday, February 6, 2017. The full list of brands in the beer category are: Bud Light, Shock Top, Michelob Ultra, Samuel Adams, Modelo, Guinness, Fat Tire, Corona, Blue Moon, Sierra Nevada, and Miller Lite. Observations from the study include: Average Number of Displays: Beer has 4.0 Displays per store on average, Bud Light (1.4), Miller Lite (1.0) During the vital week leading up to the Big Game, it is crucial for beer brands and manufacturers to ensure their displays are flawlessly executed at every retailer. Through Quri’s Performance Driven Merchandising™ platform, an empowered field labor force can focus on executing and selling in store versus collecting data.     Percentage of Stores with a Display by Brand: Blue Moon (18%), Miller Lite (76%), Sierra Nevada (5%) With stores having 4.0 beer displays on average, manufacturers need to compete to be one of those 4.0 displays.  Especially for craft brands, who may not have a television ad, it behooves them to try and get some sort of display to compete with the bigger brands. On-Shelf Availability by Brand: Guinness (97%), Blue Moon (94%), Sierra Nevada (90%) Even though the on-shelf availability of beer brands is skewing high, there is still a significant opportunity to improve on-shelf availability.  For each 2 to 3 percentage points increase in OSA, Quri has seen manufacturers increase sales by 1%. A well informed field labor workforce can showcase the competitive advantage needed to turn a few percentage points into higher incremental sales and share gains for both brands and manufacturers. While macro brands such as Bud Light and Michelob Ultra continue to dominate in-store merchandising around the Big Game, there is still an opportunity for these heavy hitters to continue to be MVPs by maximizing their efforts during other power periods such as Easter, Memorial Day, and 4th of July. Quri will unveil the culmination of its category data during a webinar on Wednesday, February 8th at 2:00 p.m. EST / 11:00 a.m. PST. In celebration of the Big Game, the company also incorporated the insights into an infographic that highlights the real MVPs for their in-store merchandising execution efforts. The webinar will take a deeper look at the results and demonstrate how brands can use in-store merchandising data to win in-store. You can register for the 30-minute webinar at http://bit.ly/2jwGRUb. About Quri Quri is the leader in Performance Driven Merchandising™, transforming the in-store experience by providing continuous, real-time, store-level visibility into merchandising conditions across all major channels and retailers in the US market. Procter & Gamble, SC Johnson, Nest, Red Bull, Tyson, Nestle, and Johnson & Johnson plus 100+ other global companies rely on Quri to help optimize the $4 trillion dollars spent annually on retail go-to-market and in-store merchandising. Quri is powered by proprietary data quantifying the shopper view in-store and collected by an on-demand retail workforce. For more information on Quri or Performance Driven Merchandising™, visit http://quri.com. Media Contact: North 6th Agency, Inc. (For Quri) 212-334-9753, quri@n6a.com   SOURCE Quri CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, force, Home and Garden, major, Markets, Space, Uncategorized, Video Games, win Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Report Identifies A New Consumer Group: The Connected Spenders Next PostNext Dorman Products, Inc. Announces Date for its Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings Release Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories Warc Media Awards: Grand Prix winners VR marketing 'more hype than substance' Trad media is 'indispensable' Digital blacklists 'not fit for purpose' Aussie millennials are pessimistic China's tier 3 cities will drive growth India invests in digital literacy View more news How brands can influence shoppers 08 February 2017 BOCA RATON, FL: Marketers seeking to influence shopper behaviour should consider tapping scarcity, simplicity and genuine moments of truth, according to Zoë Chance, Assistant Professor of Marketing at the Yale School of Management. Chance discussed this topic at The Market Research Event. And her first suggestion for marketers was to think about the lessons from services that make it "easy" for consumers to achieve their goals, be it buying goods online or finding a date. "Pleasure and pain is important for motivation, but ease – and difficulty – have a much greater impact on behaviour," said Chance. (For more details, read Warc's exclusive report: Five "key" tools of marketing influence.) Taxi app Uber, e-commerce platform Amazon and dating app Tinder are paradigmatic examples of this philosophy in action, she argued, as they provide services that are both effective and extremely simple to use. Another worthwhile consideration for brands involves scarcity, a notion Chance defined as "when someone tells you there's limited time, or limited quantity, or something's very exclusive". Building on this theme, she asserted that the risk of "loss aversion" typically encourages consumers to make such purchases before it's too late – an idea epitomised by traditional supermarket circulars offering short-term deals. Chance also outlined a list of questions that marketers can ask in seeking to embrace this principle as part of their own communications strategies. "Is it new information? Is it proprietary information? Is it information that not many people know? Is it controversial information? How can you convey a sense of scarcity, even in a situation where it is not necessarily limited in time, not necessarily limited in quantity?" she asked. Understanding tangible "moments of truth" for consumers is another vital objective, as it leads brand custodians to focus on those moments when people are truly paying attention and are properly interested in what is being said. Procter & Gamble, which helped popularise the concept of the "moment of truth", leveraged this idea with Bonux laundry detergent in Lebanon, running ads on the top of buses to be seen when consumers were hanging out washing on their balconies. "When do you think you get excited about laundry detergent?" said Chance. "Never, right? Except when you're doing laundry – or, at least, thinking about it." Data sourced from Warc Read more from Warc: What we know about behavioural economics Bud Light and Tinder: a perfect match Behavioural Economics Primer: Availability bias Uber goes big with A/B testing, localization and experiential marketing Behavioural Economics Primer: Paradox of choice Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories Warc Media Awards: Grand Prix winners VR marketing 'more hype than substance' Trad media is 'indispensable' Digital blacklists 'not fit for purpose' Aussie millennials are pessimistic China's tier 3 cities will drive growth India invests in digital literacy View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
Trending: Undervalued Stocks Video Games Infographics Dividends Famous Investors Green Ideas List Categories All Analysis & Opinions Hedge Funds Lists In The News Stock Picks & Lists Tech Lists Infographics Whats Hot Popular Articles Trump Talks Infrastructure Investment With Airlines, But Stays Out Of International Competition The Morning Hype: Hello Kitty Groceries, Milennials Don't Care About the Lotto, and Amazon Wants to Sell You Underwear Apple's 'iPhone X' To Cost $1,000? My Portfolio   HOME > Investment Ideas > In The News Which Super Bowl LI Commercials Were Social Hits? Posted:02/07/17 By:Benzinga Comments(0) | Add a comment Research  these Stocks on Kapitall’s Playground Now   research now by: Jayson Derrick, Benzinga Staff Writer   Investors who were glued to their TV sets to watch Tom Brady's epic comeback in the 2017 Super Bowl are now shifting their attention and asking the more pertinent question: Which companies outperformed during commercial breaks? The TD Ameritrade Ad Challenge used Social Sentiment data, a resource available to TD Ameritrade clients, to analyze social media sentiment and volume to determine which publicly traded companies are getting the most positive buzz about their ads. Social Sentiment captures every social media mention. It's powered by LikeFolio, which aggregates conversations within a user's' social networks and tracks status updates. It also allows users to filter mentions related to any given division of the company. "You see a lot of buzz after the Super Bowl where people are talking about the commercials in general, but there's never really that much [talk] about publicly traded companies that are advertising and how effective was their ad?" said Nicole Sherrod, TDA's managing director of trading.   Results Are In Taking top ranks in the Ad Challenge is The Coca-Cola Co KO. The company received 8,356 positive tweets for its three commercials, which were titled "It's Beautiful," "Love Story" and "#WannaSprite." "I think the story is that 'polarizing and political' won the night," LikeFolio's co-founder Andy Swan explained to Benzinga in an e-mail. "Coke's America the Beautiful ad was a rerun of an ad that got backlash three years ago, but it generated waves of positive tweets throughout the night." Swan also pointed out that Coca-Cola beat out its rival PepsiCo, Inc. PEP, which was ranked eighth — even though it was a sponsor of the halftime show. Swan also added that Volkswagen AG (ADR) VLKAY's Audi unit took the second spot for its commercial focused on the hotly debated topic of gender equality and fair pay. "People just KEPT talking about it…which allowed it to get more mind share than the Buick ad that literally everyone liked," Swan added.   Full Rankings The final rankings for the public companies in the 2017 TD Ameritrade Ad Challenge are as follows: Coca-Cola: 8,356 positive tweets. Volkswagen: 5,629 positive tweets. Procter & Gamble Co PG: 5,568 positive tweets. General Motors Company GM: 5,449 positive tweets. Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (ADR) BUD: 4,938 positive tweets. T-Mobile US Inc TMUS: 4,675 positive tweets. Honda Motor Co Ltd (ADR) HMC: 3,824 positive tweets. PepsiCo: 3,282 positive tweets.   Sherrod: 'Polarizing Can Win' Speaking as a guest on Fox Business, Sherrod similarly highlighted Coca-Cola's three-year-old commercial and noted the political climate was much different at the time compared to today. "Americans are liking it because it is embracing multiculturalism, it is about being inclusive so people really like it," she said. "As we talk a little bit more we will find that the ads that drilled into polarizing topics did pretty well and I think if you look what's going on in our country and what's happened over the course of the past six months — polarizing can win." Sherrod also noted that advertisers are trying to target the millennial group by sharing core values of wanting to create a better world for the current and future generation. Sherrod also commented on Procter & Gamble's commercial, noting that the advertising team at the company has done a great job as more people walking down the cleaning aisle in stores will now be thinking of the "Mr. Clean" character. In addition, the consumer goods staple is one of the most highly held stocks among TD Ameritrade's clients at around 1.5 billion shares. Bottom line, Sherrod suggested that companies who won the commercial battles could see a boost to their stock on Monday but more important is to see if the millions of dollars spent on the commercials will generate a reasonable rate of return moving forward.   © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website most recent most read Trump Talks Infrastructure Investment With Airlines, But Stays Out Of International Competition Posted 02/10/17 The Morning Hype: Hello Kitty Groceries, Milennials Don't Care About the Lotto, and Amazon Wants to Sell You Underwear Posted 02/10/17 Apple's 'iPhone X' To Cost $1,000? Posted 02/09/17 The Morning Hype: Twitter Earnings, the Most Charitable Companies, and 'Freedom Tickets' Posted 02/09/17 Will Viacom Sell Some Of Its 24 Networks To Reinvest In MTV, Paramount Films? Posted 02/08/17 The Morning Hype: An 18$ Cup of Coffee, Vertical Forests in China, and a Fidget Cube Posted 02/08/17 Which Super Bowl LI Commercials Were Social Hits? Posted 02/07/17 The Morning Hype: Trump's Fiduciary Rule, the Best Selling Smartphone in China, and Human Skin to Fight Brain Cancer Posted 02/07/17 Everything You Need To Know About Snap's $3 Billion IPO Filing Posted 02/03/17 next prev The Morning Hype: Trump's Fiduciary Rule, the Best Selling Smartphone in China, and Human Skin to Fight Brain Cancer Posted 02/07/17 The Morning Hype: The New Hoverboard, VW Hits #1, and the Companies Fighting Against the Muslim Ban Posted 01/30/17 Super Bowl Hype and the Marriage of New and Traditional Advertising Posted 02/02/17 The Morning Hype: Trump Jobs, ZeniMax Wins Lawsuit, and a Continent Under the Ocean Posted 02/02/17 The Morning Hype: Bacon Reserves are Low, Walmart Comes After Amazon, and an Angry Octopus Posted 02/01/17 Apple's 'iPhone X' To Cost $1,000? Posted 02/09/17 Four Companies That Are Helping Refugees Right Now Posted 01/30/17 Everything You Need To Know About Snap's $3 Billion IPO Filing Posted 02/03/17 The Morning Hype: National General Strike, Ice Volcanoes, and a $3BN Snapchat IPO Posted 02/03/17 next prev Most Popular Infographics A Savvy Investor's Guide to New Year's Resolutions Posted 12/30/13 Infographic: Thanksgiving Investing Ideas for Black Friday and Cyber Monday Posted 11/25/13 Infographic: Next Gen Gaming with New Xbox One and PS4 Consoles Posted 11/11/13 Infographic: OktoberFest's Staggering Stats Posted 10/09/13 Infographic: Solar Industry Shines Bright Posted 04/17/13 Infographic: 5 Digital Trends in Manufacturing Posted 02/08/13 Infographic: The Gun Business Under Fire Posted 02/08/13 Infographic: The Decline of Big Beer and the Rise of Craft Brews Posted 02/01/13 Infographic: Despite Low Ticket Sales the Silver Screen is Going Strong Posted 01/25/13 next prev Kapitall’s Top Lists Today's Top Gainers View & Trade This List ► Solar Stocks View & Trade This List ► Cloud Computing View & Trade This List ► Mobile Web Stocks View & Trade This List ► High Dividend View & Trade This List ►   Backstage become a fan follow us   ABOUT KAPITALL WIRE Kapitall Wire, which is not a broker/dealer, offers free cutting edge investing ideas, lively commentary and timely analysis of companies enhanced by interactive tools. The site's content is intended for educational information purposes only and should not be construed as an offer to buy or sell securities, or any other product or service provided by New Kapitall Holdings, LLC., and its affiliate companies. Kapitall Wire is brought to you by Kapitall, a revolutionary investing platform that makes it as easy as drag and drop to trade stocks. Investment Ideas Infographics Kapitall Wire Team Join Now Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy ©2016 Kapitall, Inc. Kapitall Wire is a division of Kapitall Inc. Kapitall Generation LLC. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Kapitall Inc.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Diapers Market Research Report by Region, Type, Application and Forecast To 2021 ReportsWeb.com published World Diapers Market Research Report 2021from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market   (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 07, 2017 ) Publisher's Diapers market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market. The report includes the forecasts, Analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players. Global Diapers Market: Product Segment Analysis Baby Diaper Adult Diaper Global Diapers Market: Application Segment Analysis For More Information About This Report: http://www.reportsweb.com/world-diapers-market-research-report-2021 Global Diapers Market: Regional Segment Analysis USA Europe Japan China India South East Asia The Players mentioned in our report P&G Kimberly Clark Pigeon SCA MamyPoko Kao GOO.N First Quality Ontex Unicharm Medline Request Sample Copy At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001589532/sample Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories Warc Media Awards: Grand Prix winners VR marketing 'more hype than substance' Trad media is 'indispensable' Digital blacklists 'not fit for purpose' Aussie millennials are pessimistic China's tier 3 cities will drive growth India invests in digital literacy View more news Turner taps eSports 07 February 2017 HOLLYWOOD, FL: Turner Sports, the broadcasting channel, says it is reaching a whole new audience through its eSports coverage and the Eleague it launched less than a year ago "It's an insanely passionate growth area of the young male demographic," Seth Ladetsky, SVP/sales at Turner Sports, told Beet.tv. "It's the same 20-year-old demographic (as physical sport)," he explained, "(but a) different psychographic." He described a group spending "hours and hours a day" around gaming and eSports. "As a media company, we want to be around that and take advantage of that." How they do that is to typically live broadcast 90% of a competition through partners Twitch and YouTube – "we did a million concurrent streams globally" on Twitch of one recent major game, Ladetsky noted – before moving to television for the final two or three hours of the "grand finale". The digital audience, he added, can continue to view via TV Everywhere or what he called "an observer feed" through Twitch and YouTube. "We don't want to alienate that fanbase," he said, "but we do want to reach new fans, casual fans, on television". And the approach of a digital footprint leading to a television culmination seems to be working. "We see this massive audience of young males we weren't reaching and now we're reaching them," he said. "We're pretty excited about that." Brands are also starting to notice. "Due to our relationships in the sports world, a lot of non-endemic sponsors have come on board," Ladestky said. An example is Old Spice, the Procter & Gamble owned male grooming product, whose Nature Adventure – a gaming-led campaign in the US and Canada on Twitch – has just won a Gold in the Effective use of tech category in the Warc Media Awards. Data sourced from Beet.tv; additional content by Warc staff Read more from Warc: Engaging Generation Z Arby's gets a taste for eSports Nature Adventure: How Old Spice and Twitch collaborated to make the world's first-ever live-stream, real-life, Internet-controlled video game Game on: the potential of gaming as an advertising medium Trends Snapshot: eSports – A new type of sponsorship opportunity Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories Warc Media Awards: Grand Prix winners VR marketing 'more hype than substance' Trad media is 'indispensable' Digital blacklists 'not fit for purpose' Aussie millennials are pessimistic China's tier 3 cities will drive growth India invests in digital literacy View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
