Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Renaissance Technologies LLC Raises Stake in Camtek LTD. (CAMT) Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys New Stake in Alere Inc (ALR) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Position Decreased by Independent Order of Foresters Guardian Capital Advisors LP Reduces Position in General Electric Company (GE) Drexel Morgan & Co. Has $259,000 Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for H&E Equipment Services, Inc. (HEES) Reduced by KeyCorp Analysts Offer Predictions for Discovery Communications Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (DISCA) Protagonist Therapeutics Inc (PTGX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Dunelm Group plc (DNLM) PT Lowered to GBX 620 Osram Licht Ag (OSAGF) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Orbotech Ltd (ORBK) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research SGS Ltd (SGSOY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Old National Bancorp (ONB) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) to Strong Sell Traders Buy Large Volume of Call Options on L Brands (LB) Maxim Group Upgrades TrovaGene Inc (TROV) to Buy Fmr LLC Sells 12,557 Shares of SCYNEXIS Inc (SCYX) VTTI Energy Partners LP (VTTI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Vectren Corp (VVC) to “Hold” Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Position Decreased by Independent Order of Foresters April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Independent Order of Foresters reduced its position in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 22.7% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 2,996 shares of the company’s stock after selling 880 shares during the period. Independent Order of Foresters’ holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $252,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of PG. American National Bank raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares during the period. Empirical Finance LLC purchased a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $101,000. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $149,000. Finally, Riverpoint Wealth Management Holdings LLC purchased a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $211,000. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 90.03 on Friday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $90.56 and a 200 day moving average price of $87.18. The company has a market capitalization of $230.16 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.50 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a one year low of $79.10 and a one year high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co also was the target of unusually large options trading on Wednesday. Stock investors acquired 10,726 call options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 192% compared to the typical daily volume of 3,672 call options. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The company’s revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.04 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Friday, April 21st will be given a dividend of $0.6896 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.06%. This is a positive change from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. Procter & Gamble Co’s payout ratio is currently 48.73%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Position Decreased by Independent Order of Foresters” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/procter-gamble-co-pg-position-decreased-by-independent-order-of-foresters.html. Several brokerages have recently issued reports on PG. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $101.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a “neutral” rating and a $98.00 price target on the stock. Vetr raised Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.80 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price target on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $91.07. In related news, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,291,645. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Mohamed Samir Abde Abdelfattah sold 1,876 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.25, for a total value of $171,185.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 30,952 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,824,370. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133 in the last 90 days. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow @triplepundit 47.8k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit Sustainatopia (3p discount code “TP15”) Both a conference and a broad-ranging festival, SUSTAINATOPIA brings together the global ecosystem of social, financial and environmental sustainability & impact. [REGISTER HERE] Us code TP15 for 15% off May 7-10: San Francisco Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit Pope Francis Opens Laundromat to Serve the Homeless for Free by Grant Whittington on Friday, Apr 14th, 2017 Society Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Six washers and dryers lining a creamsicle-colored wall in Rome’s Trastevere neighborhood exemplify Pope Francis’ sweeping efforts to alleviate homelessness. The pope, who’s the namesake for the new Pope Francis Laundry, sponsored the creation of a laundromat to service the city’s homeless free of charge. The laundromat is the newest addition to the San Gallicano center run by the Sant’Egidio community. For more than 10 years, the center has offered showers, clothes, medical assistance and food to the homeless, Crux Now reported.  Whirlpool donated the dozen laundry machines, while Procter and Gamble supply the detergent. Procter and Gamble’s commitment to helping the homeless in Rome began in 2015 when the company donated free shaving cream and razors to barbershops as part of an initiative to give the homeless free haircuts and shaves. It’s easy to limit the scope of what the homeless need to categories like food, water and shelter, but their needs are much broader than that. The Vatican isn’t the first place to think about providing free laundry service to those struggling to afford it. In the United States, the nonprofit Laundry Loves pairs the homeless with volunteers who pair for a load in exchange for a conversation. Since its creation 14 years ago, Laundry Love has cycled through a million loads of laundry. Laundry is a drive for change in Australia as well, where the nonprofit Orange Sky Laundry offers to do free loads of laundry out of its 11 operating vans equipped with a washer and dryer. But the needs of the homeless extend well beyond a fresh outfit. Austin, Texas’ effort to curb homelessness began with the idea of creating truly affordable housing. Alan Graham, the CEO of Mobile Loaves and Fishes, spearheaded the project to bring the chronically homeless of Austin into 135 tiny homes plotted in a 27-acre lot. The village features a medical center, amphitheater, wood workshop, chapel, market and communal garden. Rent starts at $220 for the 12-feet-by-12-feet homes. A recent University of Texas study estimated that Texas taxpayers pay, on average, $14,480 a year for each homeless individual. But it doesn’t have to be this way. A 2016 study from the journal Science found that a single cash payment of $1,000 may be enough to keep the homeless off the street for two years. The study found that if you give a one-time cash infusion to people who can prove that they can sustainably afford rent in future months, the likelihood that they become homeless is notably lower. This study, if drawn into policy, would not only save those on the verge of entering into homelessness, but also reduce the financial burden on local taxpayers. The way politicians and lawmakers in different states and municipalities approach homelessness demonstrate the issue’s complexity. Some cities, like Lincoln, Nebraska; Santa Barbara, California; and Newark, New Jersey, simply made panhandling illegal in order to clean up their streets. Others, like Albuquerque, New Mexico, offer the homeless a chance to earn $9 an hour by helping out with the city’s cleanup projects. The program employs 10 people per shift and gives them a chance to earn money to sustain themselves. Portland, Oregon, is another city aiming to alleviate homelessness. The progressive city known for artsy donuts and big bookstores passed an ordinance last year that requires companies to pay an additional 10 percent tax if their CEO earns more than 100 times the salary than that of the lowest employee. And where would this surplus tax go? The city is fighting for the funds to go toward curbing homelessness. Portland estimates an additional $2.5 million and $3.5 million in revenue from the tax. So the Portland ordinance not only narrows income inequality, but also has a chance to help the homeless. All over the country — and the world, as we see in Pope Francis’ laundromat — lawmakers, companies, and nonprofits are trying to minimize poverty and keep people off the streets. This investment in programs for the homeless is a win-win for both people and municipalities. The fact is that homelessness persists far and wide — despite those clean clothes, a $1,000 one-time payment or a three-hour, $27 shift cleaning the city. But it’s nice to see businessmen, lawmakers and religious leaders doing their part.   Image credit: Long Thiên/Flickr Society Recent headlines from the 1712 articles in this category: 3p Weekend: 10 Corporate Hiring Programs Worth a Closer Look Silicon Valley Gets Its Report Card On Workplace Diversity (And It’s Not Pretty) Tom’s of Maine Founder Wants to Revitalize the U.S. Apparel Industry Grant Whittington is a rising junior journalism and government and politics double major at the University of Maryland: College Park. Living so close to the nation's capital, Whittington is an unfortunate D.C. sports fan who's passionate about politics and writing. He's worked for local county newspapers and has never seen Shawshank Redemption. Follow Grant Whittington @triplepundit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Apr 15, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Manufacturing Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Profits dip at Irish arm of consumer products group Procter & Gamble Company, which employed more than 600 people last year, reported turnover of €97.9m about 22 hours ago Charlie Taylor During the reporting period, Procter & Gamble recorded a mixed performance at its two Irish sites         Profits at the main Irish arm of Procter & Gamble slipped in 2016, a year in which the company passed on ownership of its Nenagh plant to Coty, which subsequently announced plans to close the facility with the loss of 250 jobs. Newly filed accounts for Procter & Gamble (Manufacturing) Ireland Limited show it recorded a pretax profit of €11.7 million in the 12 months to the end of June, as against €12.4 million a year earlier. Turnover at the consumer products group, which last year employed more than 600 people across facilities at Newbridge and Nenagh, rose slightly to €97.9 million from €96.7 million. Procter & Gamble, whose portfolio includes Oral-B, Braun, Gillette and Olay, sold 43 of its beauty brands to Coty last October in a $12.9 billion (€12.13 billion) deal that saw the Nenagh plant being transferred to its rival. Just months after taking ownership of the facility, Coty announced the phased closure of the site as it transfers operations to the UK. Mixed performance During the reporting period, Procter & Gamble recorded a mixed performance at its two Irish sites with production volumes rising 7 per cent at Newbridge, but falling by 3 per cent at Nenagh. Employee-related costs rose to €46.2 million from €43.7 million last year despite staff numbers falling to 606 from 626. During the financial year, the company incurred redundancy costs totalling €1.87 million with a further provision of €1.8 million set aside for redundancies in the prior year. In 2015, the firm recorded redundancy costs totalling €4.9 million. Procter & Gamble, which closed its facility in Carlow in 2011 and sold it in 2015, also included a €185,000 charge related to that closure to its profit and loss account. The company said in the months after the financial reporting review that it paid a cash contribution of €875,000 to HFC Prestige Manufacturing Ireland in exchange for the issuance of 875,000 shares. It subsequently passed on the assets and liabilities of its Nenagh Prestige Cosmetics business to HFC Prestige in return for 59 million shares. Shortly after this, the company declared and distributed a €59.9 million dividend to its parent consisting of the entire share capital of HFC Prestige.       Topics: Braun Coty Hfc Prestige Olay Oral B Procter and Gamble Read More SCA shares hit record high on report of €20.8bn bid Ardagh chairman not the retiring type as he eyes further growth Ardagh tipped to weigh Spanish, Swiss deals after IPO Deal to create world’s biggest bicycle firm Smurfit Kappa announces new European chief executive Manufacturing strengthens in Europe and Asia despite fears over US Smurfit Kappa declines to comment on price-fixing inquiry German factory growth nears six-year high UK manufacturing cools unexpectedly in March Bombardier executives’ pay up $33m as over 1,000 laid off in Belfast  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Commercial Property Tetrarch lodges planning application for €65m scheme Work Preparation key to dealing with trauma of product recalls Sport João Carvalho: The life and death of a cage fighter Retail & Services Profit growth slows at Zara parent Sponsored Ten thrifty tips to brighten up your home Let a Hume PhD scholarship unlock your potential at Maynooth University Broadband and digital technology essential for Irish business growth Lifting the diamond to a higher level Latest Business AIB’s offloading of Project Cypress distressed loans is timely 07:00 Stress test shows economy vulnerable on interest rates 07:00 Republic should be next to introduce gender pay audits 06:20 Zoetis pays $85m for Irish petcare biopharma Nexvet 06:00 Is there a boom? Is it getting boomier? 06:00 Most Read in Business 1 Is there a boom? Is it getting boomier? 2 Brexiteers prove that stupid is as stupid does 3 Tetrarch lodges planning application for €65m scheme 4 German bosses say Brexit may have silver lining for Ireland 5 Hop on: Dublin Bus plans to sell 67 buses 6 CRH to avert pay revolt as chief’s package doubles to €10m 7 Zoetis pays $85m for Irish petcare biopharma Nexvet 8 Trump seems to be shelving populist economic stances 9 AIB’s offloading of Project Cypress distressed loans is timely 10 Stress test shows economy vulnerable on interest rates Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 15/4/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Top Dividend Aristocrats to Buy Now It's a great time to pick up shares of AT&T, T. Rowe Price, and Procter & Gamble. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Apr 14, 2017 at 9:49AM The evidence is overwhelming: Dividend Aristocrats -- companies that have increased their annual dividends for 25 or more consecutive years -- consistently outperform the major market indices, like the S&P 500. Sure, those investments are far from flashy, but as a Fool, I care about helping you, my readers, reach your savings goals without taking foolish -- with a lowercase "f" -- risks with your hard-earned nest egg. With this in mind, let me quickly review why shares of Dividend Aristocrats AT&T (NYSE:T), T. Rowe Price (NASDAQ:TROW), and Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) seem like smart buys today. AT&T It's no grand insight to note that AT&T is a winning dividend stock. The company has raised its payouts for an impressive 32 years running, and its current 4.8% yield sits well above double that of the S&P at the moment. However, AT&T's leadership position in ushering in some important changes to the global telecom and media industries makes it an even more interesting potential investment today. As I have repeatedly noted, AT&T's coming acquisition of Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) will make AT&T one of the two companies best positioned to bring cable-TV programming onto mobile devices; its other well-positioned peer is Comcast. To most efficiently bring about this change, mobile operators will want to own content assets, which can serve as leverage to help secure new mobile-distribution rights from other media networks, which can be notoriously difficult negotiators (just ask Apple ). If this thesis plays out, AT&T will be able to bundle mobile content with cellular service and a host of other potential services, which could help the telecom operator's subscriber growth accelerate in the years to come. T. Rowe Price Though T. Rowe Price clocks in as one of the younger Dividend Aristocrats -- it has only raised its dividend annually for three straight decades -- the Baltimore-based asset manager offers a compelling mix of yield and value at its current price. The company trades at a P/E ratio of just 14 times 2016 earnings, and yields 3.2% -- on both counts doing far better than the market today. However, as I've learned more about the company, I've come to believe T. Rowe Price's qualitative aspects play just as big a role, if not bigger, to the investment thesis for this company as its financial performance. A staple of corporate stewardship lists, T. Rowe Price operates with a strong corporate culture of service to its clients, while its conservative approach to its business makes it truly special today. The company is guided by the same six principles its founder, Thomas Rowe Price Jr., built his company around in 1937, which include maxims such as "Put clients first" and "Act with integrity and accountability." A culture of steadfastness shines through in the company's management team, which has worked an average of 16 years at the firm. The company's commitment to its founding principles manifests itself in its financial structure as well. As a stark exception in the era of leveraged finance, T. Rowe Price carries no debt on its balance sheet, giving it the stability to endure virtually any negative economic event. As evidenced by its meaningful discount to the market, the company tends to get overlooked by investors, which has created a compelling opportunity to snap up shares of this Dividend Aristocrat on the cheap. Image source: Getty Images. Procter & Gamble Last but certainly not least, consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble -- the bluest of the blue chip stocks -- is an interesting potential buy right now as it continues to execute its strategic overhaul. The company has markedly underperformed the market indices over the past one and five years, and deservedly so. The company has lost market share across its five main reporting segments in each of the past two years. To remedy this, P&G management has sold over 100 brands to shore up additional capital to reinvest in its most profitable brands. Its efforts may be beginning to bear some green shoots, as the company is expected to return to sales growth this year, albeit just at an anemic 2% year-over-year clip. However, this near-term bearishness obscures an opportunity to purchase one of the most legendary dividend growth stocks in the investing world. The company has raised its dividends annually for 61 consecutive years, most recently announcing a 3% increase last week. P&G currently yields 3%, and it is exactly the kind of "set and forget" stock for income investors. As one of the largest consumer goods companies in the world, P&G will never rack up consistent double-digit growth. However, its proven business model, powerful brands, and pricing power will allow it to continue to deal out lavish cash payments to its investors for years to come. Andrew Tonner owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Time Warner. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Apr 14, 2017 at 9:49AM Technology and Telecom Stocks AT&T NYSE:T $40.28 down $0.28 (-0.69%) Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $90.03 down $0.28 (-0.31%) Time Warner NYSE:TWX $98.26 down $0.49 (-0.50%) T. Rowe Price Group NASDAQ:TROW $70.26 down $0.19 (-0.27%) Read More 5 Biggest Acquisitions of 2016 Better Buy: AT&T Inc. vs. CenturyLink Inc. Net Neutrality Is Dead. Here's Who Will Profit From Its Demise Why Did AT&T Inc. Shares Climb 23% in 2016? Why AT&T, Inc. Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Top Dividend Aristocrats to Buy Now @themotleyfool #stocks $T, $PG, $TWX, $TROW
Log in or Sign up Submit Post Advertise Search titles only Posted by Member: Separate names with a comma. Newer Than: Search this thread only Search this forum only Display results as threads Useful Searches Recent Posts More... Menu Home News Hub Article Hub Video Hub Competition Hub Competition Hub Quick Links Competition Index Rules, Terms & Conditions Market Hub Member's Hub Menu Home > Article Hub > Nigeria Jobs & Careers Articles > NB Weekly 11- Broken Halo: The Fall Of Nigerian PastorsGet Your Free Download Now! Dismiss Notice NB Weekly 11 Jobs - This Weeks Top Vacancies In Nigeria Discussion in 'Nigeria Jobs & Careers Articles' started by Samguine, Apr 14, 2017 at 10:54 AM. Views count: 192 Tags: banking jobs in nigeria graduate vacancies in nigeria management jobs in nigeria nigeria top jobs oil and gas jobs in nigeria Samguine Social Member Curators Stanbic IBTC Bank: Company Secretary Stanbic IBTC Bank is a leading African banking group focused on emerging markets globally. It has been a mainstay of South Africa's financial system for 150 years, and now spans 16 countries across the African continent. Sahara Group: IT Support Analyst Sahara Group nutures businesses in the energy sector. These companies operate essentially within the energy industry and its associated sub-sectors. The Group consists of individuals, who are determined to make a positive impact on the business environment. Uber Nigeria: General Manager, West Africa Uber started out to solve a simple problem: the need to get a ride across town. Six years and one billion trips later, we've stumbled upon something a bit bigger: a new way to help tackle congestion - one of the most serious challenges cities face today. Procter and Gamble: OND Holders Internship Procter and Gamble is the largest FMCG (Fast Moving Consumer Goods) company in the world with strong brands like Pampers, Ariel, Always, Gillette, Oral B just to name a few. We have been in existence for over 176 years globally and 21 years in Nigeria. Fan Milk Nigeria: Regional Sales Manager Fan Milk Plc is a leading manufacturer and marketer of healthy, nutritious and safe frozen dairy and non-frozen dairy food products with distribution channels across the length and breadth of Nigeria. Fan Milk Nigeria is a well established and fast growing food processing industry offering wide range of products. Statoil Nigeria: Lead Analyst, Business Development Statoil is an international energy company with operations in more than 30 countries. Building on 40 years of experience from oil and gas production on the Norwegian continental shelf, we are committed to accommodating the world's energy needs in a responsible manner, applying technology and creating innovative business solutions Booking.com: Account Manager Booking.com: We are the planet’s #1 accommodation site. Our diverse team, 13,000 strong, is united by a single mission: to help travelers, whatever their budgets, easily discover, book, and enjoy the world’s best places to stay. Smiles Communications: Regional Sales Manager Smile delivers affordable, high quality and easy to use broadband access and communication services to customers across Africa. Founded in 2007, Smile is at the forefront of harnessing technologies to create innovative solutions that enable the cost-effective deployment of advanced communication services to everyone in Africa   Attached Files: apply.jpg File size: 42.5 KB Views: 1 Samguine, Apr 14, 2017 at 10:54 AM #1 You may like Comments bob isuo Member Nice jobs although i am not qualified to apply for any.   bob isuo, Apr 14, 2017 at 11:08 AM #2 [You must log in or sign up to reply here.] Show Ignored Content Log in with Facebook Your name or email address: Do you already have an account? No, create an account now. Yes, my password is: Forgot your password? Stay logged in Today's Exchange Rate Currency Interbank Rate Market rate USD 305 410 GBP 378 500 EUR 324 435 Competitions NB Weekly 10 Quiz (N10K Cash Prize) Samguine NB Weekly 9 Quiz (N10K Cash Prize) Samguine Sponsored Posts Brilliant Nigerian Girl Gets Admitted Into 14 Of the Best Universities In The World Samguine Apr 13, 2017 at 8:41 PM 13 comments Jennifer Lopez To Give Her First Concert In The Dominican Republic Samguine Apr 13, 2017 at 5:49 PM 2 comments From Youth Service To Cornell Johnson: Remarkable Story Of A QS Scholarship Winner Samguine Apr 13, 2017 at 5:45 PM 4 comments QS MBA Lagos Tour - List Of Top MBA Schools To Meet (May 2017) Samguine Apr 12, 2017 at 2:20 PM 0 comments 7 Things You Need to Start An Online Dating Conversation Samguine Apr 12, 2017 at 7:17 AM 25 comments Sponsor Nigerian Bulletin Featured Article Need A Loan? 7 Reasons You Should Consider Salary Advance Salary Advance is a salary-based temporary overdraft facility, which enables staff of private companies and government agencies to access a certain percentage of their net monthly salary in advance. This loan product is aimed at bridging the fund... siteadmin Apr 15, 2017 at 5:03 AM 1 comments Featured Video [Video] Nigeria 14-04-2017: El-Rufai, Shehu Sani and Today's Other News Highlights This video highlights the top news updates in Nigeria as we saw it on Nigerian Bulletin on Friday, 14 April, 2017. ---- [URL='https://www.nigerianbulletin.com/threads/ogun-prophet-converts-to-islam-cuts-off-dreads-in-public-photos.237051/']Og... Oluogunjobi Apr 14, 2017 at 6:40 PM 0 comments Trending posts Customs CG, Hameed Ali, Lands In Another Trouble RemmyAlex Apr 14, 2017 at 10:53 AM 2 comments BBNaija: Why I Exposed My Breasts in The House – Tboss kemi Apr 15, 2017 at 7:05 AM 3 comments NIA Claims Ownership of Cash Found in Lagos Apartment – The Will kemi Apr 14, 2017 at 10:11 PM 2 comments Lagos Apartment, Cash, Belong To Amaechi - Fani-Kayode RemmyAlex Apr 14, 2017 at 1:16 PM 1 comments Ahmed Musa Divorces Wife, Sends Her Back To Kano kemi Apr 14, 2017 at 4:50 PM 0 comments Latest Comments Well, u ask for it now. Not only your father has seen your boobs, your uncles and aunties have seen it. Infact, the entire Ring road have seen it. it's just breast, you don't have to get so serious by Jules, Apr 15, 2017 at 7:05 AM If I have this money I will do charity and security by camera quan sat by caphesua46, Apr 15, 2017 at 5:07 AM First saw the picture by caphesua46, Apr 15, 2017 at 5:03 AM It is not only to find this money, whether in the house, office, Gee Pee tank or underground building is the problem but where it's going to. by Sobrown, Apr 14, 2017 at 10:40 PM If I may ask, are you rich now? This act is inhuman. by Sobrown, Apr 14, 2017 at 10:21 PM Company About Privacy Use Terms Advertise Contact Sitemap News Hub Politics News Business News Metro News World News Entertainment News Sports News Article Hub Jobs & Careers Money & Finance Cars & Technology Travel Health & Living Life Line Sponsored Posts Video Hub General Life & Living Social Fun Music & Movies Business Subscribe Log in Register Email Newsletter Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Menu Home News Hub Article Hub Video Hub Competition Hub Competition Hub Quick Links Competition Index Rules, Terms & Conditions Market Hub Member's Hub Menu NigerianBulletin.com is one of Nigeria's leading on-line destinations for the latest Nigerian trending news and updates, helpful articles and a community sharing the best, latest information on Nigeria and things that concern Nigerians. Some of the topics we cover include Nigerian political news, metro, sports, business and entertainment. In addition we provide articles on careers, health, technology, travel and money. These articles are designed to help Nigerians make informed decisions in their every day personal and professional lives. Terms and Rules Privacy Policy
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate As VC funds dry up, male-grooming start-ups look to FMCG firms for investments Purvita Chatterjee comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet V_RAJU FMCG players understand the male grooming space better than venture capitalists More acquisitions in the segment are likely, say players Mumbai, April 14:   Fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies are likely to replace the regular venture capitalists as investors in the ₹3,200- crore male grooming category, as raising money through the regular series-led rounds gets tough. Recently, Marico picked up a 45 per cent stake in Ahmedabad-based ‘Beardo’, giving a leg-up to the year-old start-up. This has made other angel and seed-funded online men’s grooming players like Bombay Shaving Company, Lets Shave and The Man Company, hopeful of getting investment from FMCG companies in their Series-A round of funding. “The number of acquisitions in the male grooming category will only increase with time as funding through Series A and B rounds are now on hold. As it gets challenging to raise money, acquisitions will be the way forward with large FMCG companies acquiring start-ups which are more focused on this large category. “Marico has already snapped up the largest male grooming start-up and now we even have international cosmetic giants like the $6.4-billion Sheiseido who are keen to acquire in India,’’ said Apoorv Sharma, Co-Founder, Venture Catalysts, which raised seed funding for Beardo. FMCG companies with presence in the male grooming segment like P&G (Gillette), Dabur, Godrej and ITC are already sending feelers, according to some of the nascent start-ups in the male grooming category.VCs go behind tech Rohit Chawla, CEO & Co-Founder, The Man Company, said: “FMCG players understand the male grooming space better than VCs and we are expecting to raise our Series A from them in the future. We have already got inbound interest from two large FMCG companies. VC funds are more interested in investing behind technology while FMCG companies understand the category in terms of the products, distribution and manufacturing.’’ Others like Bombay Shaving Company are hoping to improve are valuation before selling stake to a FMCG company. Shantanu Deshpande, CEO, Bombay Shaving Company, said, “We have already been approached by the top three FMCG companies but we want to take up our valuation before giving away a majority stake and would like to have a turnover to ₹300 crore in the next couple of years. ’’ Apart from helping the start-ups financially, FMCG companies are ready to offer their extensive distribution networks to push the new start-up owned brands. For instance Marico is going to make available its network to Beardo for its products like beard wax and face wash. Distribution channels “Marico reaches out to nearly 4 million outlets through both direct and indirect distribution and we can reach our brand eventually through its network. Today, we sell online and via salons but it is the general trade that we want to reach with Marico’s help since we want to have a pan-India presence. Beardo, in future, will become a Marico-owned brand, ’’ said Priyank Shah, Co-Founder, Beardo. Globally, online start-ups have been mounting pressure on FMCG stalwarts like Gillette and Unilever with low-priced razors and blades. This led Unilever to acquire start-ups like Dollar Shave Club last year. (This article was published on April 14, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS financial and business service | venture capital | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Slideshow Snapshot of Republic Day Celebrations more slideshows »  O P E N close Recent Article in Variety Vivo IPL touches 185.7 m viewers in three matches Average time spent stood at 72 minutes per viewer » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Skip to content Skip to main navigation Editorial NEWS 1 day ago Junkee Media partners with VisitBritain to break travel stereotypes in new campaign 1 day ago BPAY hopes to make customers ‘fall in like’ with bills in new ad campaign 2 days ago Fairfax journalists pass no confidence motion in company’s restructuring consultations 2 days ago North Sydney Bayer sign up for grabs after budget constraints forced pharma company to give up rights 2 days ago Hot Wheels transforms toy car racing into ‘epic’ race with AFL’s Patrick Dangerfield OPINION Why is Easter the most disappointing retail season? It takes years to make someone fall in love with a brand – and seconds to make them hate it SHIVANI MAHARAJ PR agencies, you need to work with us, not against us STUART HOWIE Sport, local government and business go DIY in wake of journalist job losses LUKE CHESS Why that Pepsi ad isn’t as bad as you think it is FEATURES 2 days ago Remaking Clems Melbourne 2 days ago Campaign Review: The verdict on KFC, APIA, NBN and CommBank 1 week ago ‘I hope the others fail’ – Competition between free-to-air networks heats up 1 week ago Fixing the plane while flying – Publicis Media’s talent chief on a year of upheaval 2 weeks ago Are schools failing Australia’s advertising industry? DR MUMBO 3 days ago Handbags and online rags 7 days ago How Domain solved the housing affordability crisis 1 week ago A lesson in brand safety 2 weeks ago Now To Lose our minds over clickbait 2 weeks ago Fairfax Media’s on-off-on takeover, as told by the AFR F.Y.I. 1 day ago Blis partners with TVTY to launch location-based ad campaigns 2 days ago Screen Australia gives funding for 12 projects and talent development 2 days ago Lee Hunter joins Tech Mpire as non-executive director 2 days ago Anita Perri departs Yahoo7 and re-establishes digital strategy advisory The AdLab 2 days ago Distillery Botanica creates new Gin to raise money for conservation programs 2 days ago MCN bolsters sales team with two new appointments 2 days ago White Ribbon appoints Primary Communications to PR account 2 days ago New animal and nature streaming app ‘Love Nature’ launches 2 days ago The Guardian launches new VR experience showing life from baby’s point of view Events AWARDS June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Awards June 29, 2017 Mumbrella Awards VIEW ALL AWARDS CONFERENCES June 6-8, 2017 Mumbrella360 June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Summit 2018 Retail Marketing Summit VIEW ALL CONFERENCES TRAINING TBC Mumbrella Digital School May 2, 2017 Mumbrella Mobile Marketing Masterclass May 2, 2017 Diversity Delivers – IAA Thought Leadership Breakfast Forum OTHER INDUSTRY EVENTS Jobs More More The Source Business Directory Freelance Directory Company About Mumbrella Advertise Advertise Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Australia Asia Subscribe News Opinion Dr Mumbo F.Y.I. Events Other Industry Events Jobs More About Mumbrella Freelance Directory Business Directory Advertise Subscribe to newsletter News Starcom Melbourne strategy director Sérgio Brodsky joins Initiative Melbourne April 11, 2017 9:40 by Miranda Ward 0 Former Starcom Melbourne strategy director Sérgio Brodsky has been appointed head of strategy for Initiative Melbourne. Sérgio Brodsky joins Initiative Melbourne Prior to Starcom Melbourne, he was the worldwide strategist for WPP’s brand consultancy Brand Union in London where he worked on the global repositioning of HSBC.  He later joined Starcom London, working in the global business unit for Procter & Gamble and was responsible for strategy development across beauty and feminine care categories. Brodsky then moved to Australia to join Interbrand before moving on to OMD. At Starcom Melbourne he led strategy on winning pitches for MYOB, Lumo Energy and Kraft Heinz. Tristan Burrell, Initiative Australia’s chief strategy Australia, said in a statement: “We’re focusing very strongly on the Melbourne market and looking forward to having Sergio’s creative and strategic thinking working with our clients and agency teams. “He’s truly a first-class professional with broad experience in many aspects of media communications.” Brodsky said: “I am very grateful to Starcom and the opportunities it has provided, but also incredibly excited with my move to Initiative. People are the secret sauce of success and after meeting with Tristan Burrell and Australia CEO Mel Fein, I have no doubt that Initiative is well set up to game-change the industry and positively impact the brands it serves.” Brodksy will start in the new role, which is a new position at the agency, this week. Miranda Ward Miranda Ward is the deputy editor at Mumbrella. Miranda joined Mumbrella in September 2013 from Sky News and has covered creative agencies, PR and publishing in her three years with the company and now covers a wider media remit. She also edits the weekly newsletter CommsCon and the weekly publishing newsletter Publish. topics Initiative Melbourne, Melissa Fein, Sérgio Brodsky, strategy, Tristan Burrell Share Tweet Share Have your say Name Email Address (optional) Website (optional)   ADVERTISEMENT Most Discussed 121 Comments Sky News drops Outsiders from schedule after sacking of Mark Latham 50 Comments Sky News sacks Mark Latham and refuses to say whether Outsiders will remain on air 47 Comments Why that Pepsi ad isn’t as bad as you think it is 33 Comments Untrain your brain. Why your next campaign needs to start with Facebook 33 Comments Job cuts, one brand and the future: Will Fairfax get it right this time around? SUBSCRIBE Sign up to our free daily update to get the latest in media and marketing
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Toothpaste Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Wiseguyreports.com Announces the Publication of its Research Report – GLOBAL Toothpaste Market 2017-2022 PUNE, INDIA, April 14, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Toothpaste Industry Latest Report on Toothpaste Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study In this report, the global Toothpaste market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Global Toothpaste market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Colgate P&G Church & Dwight Unilever GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Henkel Lion Sunstar Kao LG household & Health Care Darlie Johnson & Johnson YUNNANBAIYAO Amore Amway SHISEIDO DENCARE J?S?N Kiss My Face Marvismint NICE Liby Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1142934-global-toothpaste-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Toothpaste in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Regular Cavity Protection Whitening For Sensitive Teeth For Sensitive Gums On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Toothpaste for each application, including Adults Children For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1142934-global-toothpaste-market-research-report-2017 Some Major Points from Table of content: Global Toothpaste Market Research Report 2017 1 Toothpaste Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Toothpaste 1.2 Toothpaste Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Toothpaste Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Toothpaste Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Regular 1.2.4 Cavity Protection 1.2.5 Whitening 1.2.6 For Sensitive Teeth 1.2.7 For Sensitive Gums 1.3 Global Toothpaste Segment by Application 1.3.1 Toothpaste Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Adults 1.3.3 Children 1.4 Global Toothpaste Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Toothpaste Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Toothpaste (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Toothpaste Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Toothpaste Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Toothpaste Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Toothpaste Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Toothpaste Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Toothpaste Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Toothpaste Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Toothpaste Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Toothpaste Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Toothpaste Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Toothpaste Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Toothpaste Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1142934-global-toothpaste-market-research-report-2017 3 Global Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Toothpaste Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Toothpaste Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Toothpaste Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Toothpaste Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Toothpaste Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Toothpaste Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Toothpaste Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Toothpaste Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Toothpaste Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Toothpaste Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Toothpaste Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Toothpaste Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Toothpaste Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Toothpaste Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Toothpaste Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Toothpaste Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vitamin C Market is expected to Grow Significantly with a Considerable Rate of CAGR by 2022 Next PostNext Cloud Infrastructure Services Market Growth, Share, Demand, Size and Applications, Key Players, Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Market Report 2017 – Continental Ag, Delphi Automotive PLC, Robert Bosch Gmbh, Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. Aircraft Landing Gear Market – Industry Analysis, Trends, Growth, Share, Forecasts and Regional Outlook Hydraulic Fluid Connectors Market 2015-2022 Analysis Report 48V Electrical Architecture Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Influenza Diagnostics Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report By DecisionDatabases Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Engineering affects virtually every aspect of our lives, and at the University of Arizona’s Engineering Design Day on May 1, more than 500 students intend to prove it. Printer-friendly version „Engineering Design Day is our biggest event — there’s nothing else like it,” said Jeff Goldberg, dean of the College of Engineering. „It is the ultimate proving ground for our students and a unique opportunity for employers to see on a grand scale what our students, with industry and faculty partners, can achieve.„ People of all interests, abilities and ages will marvel at the 100-plus tools and technologies to improve health, safety and national security; boost cost- and energy-efficiency and worker productivity; mine big data and manage big mines; strengthen and secure communication networks; and make faster, lighter and smarter planes, trains, self-driving cars and rockets. Some projects are designed to save lives, others to save time and money.  The public is invited to see the displays in the Student Union Memorial Center Grand Ballroom and on the UA Mall from 11 a.m. until 4 p.m., and to attend the awards ceremony in the ballroom from 4 to 5:30 p.m., when industry sponsors will present more than $25,000 in cash prizes to project teams. Now in its 15th year, Design Day is the culmination of the college’s Engineering Design Program, in which teams of five or six students spend an entire academic year taking sponsors’ projects from concept to reality. Many of the students receive job offers from sponsors. Some projects result in patents assigned to sponsors, and some of the prototypes go on to become products and services used around the globe. This year’s 90-plus sponsors include Raytheon, Honeywell, Texas Instruments, Caterpillar, Microsoft and Procter & Gamble, as well as more than a dozen UA faculty. Public and government agencies sponsoring projects range from NASA and the Air Force Office of Scientific Research to Salt River Project and the city of Bisbee. Three Strikes and … A robotic softball umpire making its debut at Design Day features the laser-sharp accuracy of lidar, a pulsed laser used to measure distances, and LED technology in calling strikes. In pro baseball, radar and camera technologies produce the graphics viewers see on TV screens showing a ball’s position relative to the strike zone after a pitch. But the systems are mostly used for in-game and postgame analysis, said Jeffrey Thomas Bragg, a senior in engineering management and team leader. RoboUmp can be easily installed in the field without interrupting players and be used during games. The system is designed to make a call live, within one second of a pitch. The team of five seniors — with the others majoring in systems, electrical and optical sciences engineering — plans to demonstrate RoboUmp’s skills, but only to a degree. „The ball will not be flying at high speeds around the ballroom!” Bragg promised. Danielle Craig, a 2011 graduate in mechanical engineering and a mentor to the team, is a rotors design engineer with Boeing, which is sponsoring the project. She is one of the many UA engineering alumni who help make Design Day possible by serving as mentors and judges. „The scope of senior design projects submitted by industry becomes more challenging every year, and the students at the University of Arizona consistently exceed expectations,” Craig said. „Boeing looks forward to seeing the final deliverable from our team and all the teams.” Walk This Way Sponsors pitch their projects to engineering design students each year in late summer at the program’s open house. Hermelinda Bristol was there with her family, recruiting UA students to build an unpowered exoskeleton for her son Jeffrey, a UA junior in accounting who has cerebral palsy. Jason Keatseangsilp was the first person in line. „One of the reasons I chose biomedical engineering was so I could get into rehabilitative engineering,” said the team leader for the unpowered exoskeleton project. „I raced through the doors, and I’m really glad I did because it turned out to be one of the longest lines. This project has a lot of heart.” Six seniors in biomedical, materials science and mechanical engineering are fabricating the exoskeleton with an aluminum frame for Jeffrey’s legs and feet and a plastic brace made with a 3-D printer for his waist and lower back. The device will help him, and perhaps others with cerebral palsy, stay upright while exercising the muscles needed to walk. „Jeffrey has trouble walking, but he can walk on his own and doesn’t need a powered device like I do,” said Keatseangsilp, who has a spinal cord injury and uses a wheelchair. „We’re really trying to create a device that will engage Jeffrey’s key anatomical features — for example, by giving him good core stability and facilitating a normal gait pattern.” The exoskeleton is one of 22 Design Day projects with biomedical applications. Others include a mobile quarantine unit for isolating and transporting people exposed to infectious viruses and a neighborhood external defibrillator network for treating heart attacks. Copy this html code to your website/blog to embed this press release. <br />
<a href=”http://www.pressreleasepoint.com/engineering-affects-virtually-every-aspect-our-lives-and-university-arizonas-engineering-design-day” class=”active”>Engineering affects virtually every aspect of our lives, and at the University of Arizona&amp;#039;s Engineering Design Day on May 1, more than 500 students intend to prove it.</a><br />
 CategoriesUncategorized Tags3-D, Air Force office of Scientific Research, biomedical applications, Biomedical Engineering, Bisbee, Boeing, camera technologies, Caterpillar, College of Engineering, Danielle Craig, Energy, Engineering, Hermelinda Bristol, Honeywell, Jason Keatseangsilp, Jeff Goldberg, Jeffrey Thomas Bragg, Laser, Mechanical Engineering, Microsoft, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, neighborhood external defibrillator network, Personal armour, Powered exoskeleton, Procter & Gamble, Prosthetics, Raytheon, Salt River Project, Science and Technology, secure communication networks, Technology, Texas Instruments, Tucson, University of Arizona Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Research Details Developments In The Europe Programmable Robots Market Forecast To 2021 Next PostNext Detailed Examination Of The China CCTV Monitor Market Research For 2017 :By Research N Reports Search Recent Posts Mister Mover Become a Best Budget Removalists in Melbourne Dear Evan Hansen Tickets at Music Box Theatre Available at Discounted Prices from TicketDown.com Hamilton Tickets in Chicago at PrivateBank Theatre Available at Discounted Prices from TicketDown.com No credibility to the online claim of a compromise of EastNets customer information on its SWIFT service bureau How X-rays Pushed Topological Matter Research Over the Top Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Kimberly-Clark Names Larry P. Allgaier Group President of its North American Consumer Business DALLAS, April 14, 2017 / / — Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE: KMB) today named Larry P. Allgaier as Group President of Kimberly-Clark North America, reporting to Mike Hsu, President and Chief Operating Officer. In his new role, effective April 24, 2017, Allgaier will lead Kimberly-Clark’s $8 billion North American consumer business, with trusted brands such as Huggies, Cottonelle, and Depend. „Larry is an outstanding leader with a passion for the consumer products industry. As the leader of our North American consumer business, he will drive strong performance and long-term shareholder value, as we lead the world in essentials for a better life,” said Hsu. „Larry’s strong track record for delivering sustainable, profitable growth and championing innovation will enable him to effectively lead the largest business unit in Kimberly-Clark’s portfolio.” Prior to joining K-C, Allgaier held senior leadership roles at Mars Inc., which he joined in 2012. Most recently, he was President of the newly formed Mars Petcare Veterinary Health Group. Before that he was President of the $4 billion North America Petcare business. In both roles he delivered significant growth and market share improvements. Prior to Mars Inc., Allgaier was Global Head of Novartis’ Over the Counter Medicines Unit, responsible for over 200 brands in over 50 countries across six regions. Allgaier began his consumer career at Procter & Gamble, spending 20 years in various leadership roles including Product Supply, Brand Management and General Management, and regional assignments based in Japan and Poland. He has over seven years of experience in Baby Care in North America and Asia, including Vice President and General Manager of the North America Baby Care business, with global responsibility for innovation on pants and premium taped diapers. Allgaier holds a bachelor’s of science degree in Chemical Engineering from Christian Brothers University in Memphis, Tennessee. He and his wife will be relocating to Neenah, Wisconsin. About Kimberly-Clark Kimberly-Clark (NYSE: KMB) and its well-known global brands are an indispensable part of life for people in more than 175 countries. Every day, nearly a quarter of the world’s population trust Kimberly-Clark’s brands and the solutions they provide to enhance their health, hygiene and well-being. With brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex and Depend, Kimberly-Clark holds No. 1 or No. 2 share positions in 80 countries. To keep up with the latest news and to learn more about the Company’s 145-year history of innovation, visit www.kimberly-clark.com or follow us on  or . CategoriesUncategorized TagsAllgaier, Brand Management, Business Finance, Christian Brothers University in Memphis, Cottonelle, Counter Medicines Unit, Depend, Economy, Enterprise, Health Care, Huggies, Japan, Kimberley, Kimberly-Clark, Kimberly-Clark Corp., Kleenex, Kotex, Larry P. Allgaier, Mars Petcare Veterinary Health Group, Mars, Incorporated, Mike Hsu, Neenah, North America Baby Care, Novartis, NYSE, Poland, President, Procter & Gamble, Society, Tennessee, Winnebago County, Wisconsin Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pediatric Ultrasound Market: Industry Key Players Profile and Market Analysis to 2024 Next PostNext Fetal Doppler Monitoring System Market: Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis Search Recent Posts Global Sweet and Salty Snacks 2017 Market Report; Launched via MarketResearchReports.com Global Membrane Electrode Assemblies Market Overview, Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Global Unicompartmental Knee Prostheses Industry 2017 Market Report; Launched via MarketResearchReports.com North America Clinical Laboratory Test Market Is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 5.9% by Forecast to 2022 Global Vacuum Annealling Furnace 2017 Market Report; Launched via MarketResearchReports.com Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Kimberly-Clark Names Larry P. Allgaier Group President of its North American Consumer Business DALLAS, April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE: KMB) today named Larry P. Allgaier as Group President of Kimberly-Clark North America, reporting to Mike Hsu, President and Chief Operating Officer. In his new role, effective April 24, 2017, Allgaier will lead Kimberly-Clark's $8 billion North American consumer business, with trusted brands such as Huggies, Cottonelle, and Depend. "Larry is an outstanding leader with a passion for the consumer products industry. As the leader of our North American consumer business, he will drive strong performance and long-term shareholder value, as we lead the world in essentials for a better life," said Hsu. "Larry's strong track record for delivering sustainable, profitable growth and championing innovation will enable him to effectively lead the largest business unit in Kimberly-Clark's portfolio." Prior to joining K-C, Allgaier held senior leadership roles at Mars Inc., which he joined in 2012. Most recently, he was President of the newly formed Mars Petcare Veterinary Health Group. Before that he was President of the $4 billion North America Petcare business. In both roles he delivered significant growth and market share improvements. Prior to Mars Inc., Allgaier was Global Head of Novartis' Over the Counter Medicines Unit, responsible for over 200 brands in over 50 countries across six regions. Allgaier began his consumer career at Procter & Gamble, spending 20 years in various leadership roles including Product Supply, Brand Management and General Management, and regional assignments based in Japan and Poland. He has over seven years of experience in Baby Care in North America and Asia, including Vice President and General Manager of the North America Baby Care business, with global responsibility for innovation on pants and premium taped diapers. Allgaier holds a bachelor's of science degree in Chemical Engineering from Christian Brothers University in Memphis, Tennessee. He and his wife will be relocating to Neenah, Wisconsin. About Kimberly-Clark Kimberly-Clark (NYSE: KMB) and its well-known global brands are an indispensable part of life for people in more than 175 countries. Every day, nearly a quarter of the world's population trust Kimberly-Clark's brands and the solutions they provide to enhance their health, hygiene and well-being. With brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex and Depend, Kimberly-Clark holds No. 1 or No. 2 share positions in 80 countries. To keep up with the latest news and to learn more about the Company's 145-year history of innovation, visit www.kimberly-clark.com or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  [KMB-F]   SOURCE Kimberly-Clark Corporation CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold/Consumer/Cosmetics, Paper/Forest Products/Containers, Personnel Announcements, Retail Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Anesthesia Endotracheal Tubes Market: Reporting and evaluation of recent industry developments Next PostNext Medical Composites Market: Emerging niche segments and regional markets Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Kimberly-Clark Names Larry P. Allgaier Group President of its North American Consumer Business DALLAS, April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE: KMB) today named Larry P. Allgaier as Group President of Kimberly-Clark North America, reporting to Mike Hsu, President and Chief Operating Officer. In his new role, effective April 24, 2017, Allgaier will lead Kimberly-Clark's $8 billion North American consumer business, with trusted brands such as Huggies, Cottonelle, and Depend. "Larry is an outstanding leader with a passion for the consumer products industry. As the leader of our North American consumer business, he will drive strong performance and long-term shareholder value, as we lead the world in essentials for a better life," said Hsu. "Larry's strong track record for delivering sustainable, profitable growth and championing innovation will enable him to effectively lead the largest business unit in Kimberly-Clark's portfolio." Prior to joining K-C, Allgaier held senior leadership roles at Mars Inc., which he joined in 2012. Most recently, he was President of the newly formed Mars Petcare Veterinary Health Group. Before that he was President of the $4 billion North America Petcare business. In both roles he delivered significant growth and market share improvements. Prior to Mars Inc., Allgaier was Global Head of Novartis' Over the Counter Medicines Unit, responsible for over 200 brands in over 50 countries across six regions. Allgaier began his consumer career at Procter & Gamble, spending 20 years in various leadership roles including Product Supply, Brand Management and General Management, and regional assignments based in Japan and Poland. He has over seven years of experience in Baby Care in North America and Asia, including Vice President and General Manager of the North America Baby Care business, with global responsibility for innovation on pants and premium taped diapers. Allgaier holds a bachelor's of science degree in Chemical Engineering from Christian Brothers University in Memphis, Tennessee. He and his wife will be relocating to Neenah, Wisconsin. About Kimberly-Clark Kimberly-Clark (NYSE: KMB) and its well-known global brands are an indispensable part of life for people in more than 175 countries. Every day, nearly a quarter of the world's population trust Kimberly-Clark's brands and the solutions they provide to enhance their health, hygiene and well-being. With brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex and Depend, Kimberly-Clark holds No. 1 or No. 2 share positions in 80 countries. To keep up with the latest news and to learn more about the Company's 145-year history of innovation, visit www.kimberly-clark.com or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  [KMB-F]   SOURCE Kimberly-Clark Corporation CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold/Consumer/Cosmetics, Paper/Forest Products/Containers, Personnel Announcements, Retail Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Anesthesia Endotracheal Tubes Market: Reporting and evaluation of recent industry developments Next PostNext Medical Composites Market: Emerging niche segments and regional markets Search Recent Posts Mobile FrontHaul Industry Analysis and Global Major Key Players Research Report 2022 Fidelity Bank’s LifeDesign Approach Results in a Banner Year Dickey’s Barbecue Pit 65th Year of Making the Easter Holiday More About Family EARS Sounder BUFR Products – Change to WMO-compliant filenames New Sea Ice Concentration product from OSI SAF soon on EUMETCast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Kimberly-Clark Names Larry P. Allgaier Group President of its North American Consumer Business DALLAS, April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE: KMB) today named Larry P. Allgaier as Group President of Kimberly-Clark North America, reporting to Mike Hsu, President and Chief Operating Officer. In his new role, effective April 24, 2017, Allgaier will lead Kimberly-Clark’s $8 billion North American consumer business, with trusted brands such as Huggies, Cottonelle, and Depend. „Larry is an outstanding leader with a passion for the consumer products industry. As the leader of our North American consumer business, he will drive strong performance and long-term shareholder value, as we lead the world in essentials for a better life,” said Hsu. „Larry’s strong track record for delivering sustainable, profitable growth and championing innovation will enable him to effectively lead the largest business unit in Kimberly-Clark’s portfolio.” Prior to joining K-C, Allgaier held senior leadership roles at Mars Inc., which he joined in 2012. Most recently, he was President of the newly formed Mars Petcare Veterinary Health Group. Before that he was President of the $4 billion North America Petcare business. In both roles he delivered significant growth and market share improvements. Prior to Mars Inc., Allgaier was Global Head of Novartis’ Over the Counter Medicines Unit, responsible for over 200 brands in over 50 countries across six regions. Allgaier began his consumer career at Procter & Gamble, spending 20 years in various leadership roles including Product Supply, Brand Management and General Management, and regional assignments based in Japan and Poland. He has over seven years of experience in Baby Care in North America and Asia, including Vice President and General Manager of the North America Baby Care business, with global responsibility for innovation on pants and premium taped diapers. Allgaier holds a bachelor’s of science degree in Chemical Engineering from Christian Brothers University in Memphis, Tennessee. He and his wife will be relocating to Neenah, Wisconsin. About Kimberly-Clark Kimberly-Clark (NYSE: KMB) and its well-known global brands are an indispensable part of life for people in more than 175 countries. Every day, nearly a quarter of the world’s population trust Kimberly-Clark’s brands and the solutions they provide to enhance their health, hygiene and well-being. With brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex and Depend, Kimberly-Clark holds No. 1 or No. 2 share positions in 80 countries. To keep up with the latest news and to learn more about the Company’s 145-year history of innovation, visit www.kimberly-clark.com or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  [KMB-F] SOURCE Kimberly-Clark Corporation Related Links http://www.kimberly-clark.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FORESTAR ALERT: J&W Launches an Investigation into the Proposed Sale of Forestar Group Inc.; Are Shareholders Getting a Fair Price? Next PostNext Sponsors for Educational Opportunity Raises $4.93 Million at SEO Annual Awards Dinner Search Recent Posts Grandparents.com Announces Restructuring for U.S. Operations BOOST Collaborative Announces Senator Barbara Boxer and Actor Jesse Williams as Keynote Speakers at 2017 BOOST Conference Four Princeton Nobel laureates share wisdom, parting advice to graduating seniors NACIO EN MEXICO EL PRIMER LICOR ELECTRONICO New Book Launches “The NEW Health Code Project” for Women Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #ProsperityHub #TravelCafe News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStartup Apr 14, 2017 02:38 PM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com Snapdeal crisis: Employees may lose wealth worth crores promised under ESOPs ESOPs are benefit plans that are offered to employees in the form of stakes in the company that can be liquidated when the company goes for a buyback event Priyanka Sahay and Harsimran Julka Moneycontrol News Former senior employees of e-commerce firm Snapdeal who were lured through attractive employee stock option plans (ESOPs) are a worried lot these days. Recently, founders, Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal in an e-mail, tried to assure the existing employees that the well-being of employees if their top and only priority. But, there is little clarity in terms of what happens to these employees or even the former employees ESOPs offered to them at the time of joining. ESOPs are benefit plans that are offered to employees in the form of stakes in the company. Employees can liquidate their ESOPs when the company goes for a buyback event. Usually, it happens either when a company raises a funding round or when it goes for an initial public offering. In the last couple of years, there have been multiple instances where ESOPs have been regarded to be game changers. Citrus Pay made multiple employees including one of its peon, millionaires when it got acquired by larger rival PayU last year. Around 47 employees at online payments and e-commerce firm Paytm were also able to sell off shares worth about Rs 100 crore to both internal and external buyers in the last couple of months, according to a media report. Unfortunately, Snapdeal is going through a moment of crisis. A potential takeover by Flipkart and the devaluation of the firm from a whopping USD 6.5 billion earlier to about USD 1 billion now, is likely to turn its employees stock options into just papers. Moneycontrol spoke to multiple former and current employees of the company besides industry experts to understand what the current position is and what can possibly be expected if the merger happens at the declined valuation. Watch: Why are Indian Startups Stumbling?   "Everything depends upon the entry point of the employees. People who will be hit the most will be the ones who joined recently when the valuation of the company was at its peak. Old employees are likely to have a chance to make some money because they came in at a low entry point," said a lawyer who requested anonymity. Around 2500-3000 current as well as former employees hold around 5-6 percent stake in Snapdeal in terms of ESOPs, according to people privy to the matter. "There is no clarity what the ESOPs are worth now. Nobody is discussing what is to be done. A lot of people came because of the ESOPs. There's a lack of communication from the company right now," said a former executive who spent nearly five years in the organisation. He also claimed that he was never allowed to sell his ESOPs. "It was like an unsaid rule. You have to take an approval from the promoters and the investors if you plan to liquidate your ESOPs. Somehow they convinced me that they had a plan for people having decent ESOPs," he said adding that he now feels he should have proceeded then, especially when even the founders themselves vested some amount of their stake in the company in 2015. According to a media report, for the financial year ending March 31, 2015, the founders earned Rs 51.43 crore for payment against founder stock options. Another person privy to the matter said that not just the founders but even a chunk of senior executives were able to liquidate their stock options during multiple events that happened in the past including fund-raising rounds. He declined to share further details. Snapdeal last received a funding of USD 200 million in 2016 from investors led by Canada’s Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan which had a mix of primary as well as secondary components. "It is a little disappointing that the company has not informed us anything on what plans they have for us. I have mentally written down the stock options," said another former Snapdeal executive who spent nearly two years at the company and could not liquidate his stock options. According to him, employees at Snapdeal are given access to a portal where they can see the value of their ESOPs. But since he has exited now, that option is no more available. While a lot of Snapdeal employees were reported to be having hefty salaries there were some, who also joined the company for nominal hikes but impressive stock options, said this executive. "Such a situation is not completely unwarranted. During 2013-2015, a lot of companies got overvalued. The stock options were given for the high valuations. Today there have been down rounds. Those stock options have probably been undervalued. Employees would want to probably let that option expire," said an industry expert requesting anonymity. He also said that in such situations the founders cannot be solely blamed. "The employees were also ambitious when they accepted the ESOPs. These are illiquid stocks with inherent risk," he said. Over a dozen senior executives from multi-national firms such as Pepsi, Unilever, Airtel, Procter & Gamble had joined the company after it raised the USD 627 million round from Softbank in 2014. Most employees received options when the company was valued at over USD 4.5 billion. Now with the expected deal with Flipkart amounting to almost nothing, the senior employees would have a lot to lose. Here is how Snapdeal’s stock option plan worked: Each option was valid for a period of 10 years. An employee getting an option would have to serve in the company for a period of at least one year to have a chance of vesting the option. Vesting can be done in two ways. In some plans, it was bracketed at 25 percent dilution each year for a period of four years, extendable up to 10 years. For some, a dilution event could occur as 10% in the first year, followed by 20, 30 and 40 percent in the consecutive years. However, the plan would become active only after a year of service. Simply put, a senior employee with 100 Snapdeal ESOPs, could vest 25 options each for a period of four years after serving just one year in the company. One of the senior employees was still hopeful. “Once the company gets sold, it is likely that founders could transfer some of their exit cash towards honouring stock options held by past senior employees to keep their word,” he said. Snapdeal didn't respond to an email.  tags #E-commerce #ESOPs #Flipkart #Snapdeal #Startup Related news Business SoftBank pumps in Rs 1,675 crore in Ola Apr 14, 2017 10:07 AM Business Stayzilla co-promoter Singhi seeks anticipatory bail Apr 13, 2017 10:04 PM Business Why the e-commerce battle is being fought with digital wallets Apr 13, 2017 07:35 PM Business Amid talks with Flipkart for a merger, Snapdeal announces summer sale Apr 13, 2017 07:10 PM Business Canine comfort: This startup provides healing paws to keep away the blues Apr 13, 2017 06:42 PM Business Amazon’s e-wallet could be a game changer for its Indian business Apr 13, 2017 01:25 PM Business Flipkart’s $1.4 billion lifeline highlights the long trek ahead to profitability   Apr 12, 2017 06:16 PM Business Snapdeal to dole out up to 15% pay hike amid sell-off buzz Apr 12, 2017 06:15 PM Business Flipkart-Snapdeal merger talks in final stages; deal likely by May-end: Sources Apr 12, 2017 05:18 PM News Most Popular Top News Looking for multibagger returns? Ten turnaround stories which gave up to 200% return in 1 year Operation Clean Money II: I-T sleuths to probe over 60,000 black money hoarders Now, earn Rs 10 for every person you refer to the BHIM app Are you an EPFO subscriber? Three major developments you need to know! If you have Rs 1 million to spare, here are 5 portfolio options to generate wealth PM Narendra Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app; Here’s how it works Monday could be a make or break for Nifty; 5 stock which could give upto 14% return Top 5 stocks could turn out to be potential multibaggers in next 2-3 years: Dipen Sheth see more Video of the day Infosys Q4 2017 results: Experts welcome dividend policy, but worry on EBIT guidance Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Hair Dryer Industry – Top winning Stratergies of key Investors Hair dryers are considered as personal care appliances that are used for drying hair. Some hair dryers are also used for different hair styling. Within the personal care appliances space, other than hair dryers, hair straighteners and hair stylers have been considered in the other segment. Research analysts forecast the global hair dryer market to grow at a CAGR of 4.60% during the period 2017-2021. Request sample copy of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/256253 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global hair dryer market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the retail volume and value sales of the market. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC Europe MEA Research report, Global Hair Dryer Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Read more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-hair-dryer-market-2017-2021 Key vendors Conair Dyson Koninklijke Philips Panasonic TESCOM Other prominent vendors Beauty Elite Group Bio Ionic Devacurl Drybar elchim Farouk Systems COM Helen Of Troy Jemella John Paul Mitchell Systems Kao L’Oréal Ligo-Electric LVMH NuMe P&G Rusk Solano International Spectrum Brands Sultra T3 Micro Trade Box Turbo Ion Unilever Market driver Product innovation in terms of operations, features, and design highly influence new and upgrade purchases For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Fragmented market and mature category For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Increase in demand for lightweight hair dryers For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned: Conair, Dyson, Panasonic, Koninklijke Philips, TESCOM, Beauty Elite Group, Bio Ionic, Devacurl, Drybar, elchim, Farouk Systems, HARRYJOSH.COM, Helen Of Troy, Jemella, John Paul Mitchell Systems, Kao, L’Oréal, Ligo-Electric, LVMH, NuMe, P&G, Rusk, Solano International, Spectrum Brands, Sultra, T3 Micro, Trade Box, Turbo Ion, and Unilever. Enquire more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/256253 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019   CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer & Electronics Retail, Computer and Electronics Retail, Google News, Hair Dryer Industry, Hair Dryer Industry growth, Hair Dryer Industry Report, Hair Dryer Industry Research, Hair Dryer Industry share, Hair Dryer Industry size, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pressure Transmitters Industry Accelerating Growth Next PostNext Household Vacuum Cleaner Industry – How Market Share Gains Can Boost Priceline’s Revenue Growth Rate? Search Recent Posts Beyond Meat Issues Allergy Alert On Undeclared Peanut In Beyond Meat Feisty Crumbles Urinary Incontinence Therapeutics Market Research Report : : Market Competition, Value chain Analysis and Forecast 2025 Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) Market Research Report : : Market Competition, Value chain Analysis and Forecast 2025 Vesper Holdings Unveils Its Two Latest Student Housing Projects Epazz, Inc. (EPAZ: OTC Pink Current) | Company Video Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Baby Diaper Market | Global Industry Outlook Research Report Till 2021 The report on “Global Baby Diaper Market Research Report – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2014 – 2021” added by DecisionDatabases.com provides a comprehensive analysis including market value, forecasts, as well as a detailed competitive analysis of the major players of the industry. The global baby diaper market has been experiencing an augmented growth owing to the increase in birth rate, better standard of living, and urbanisation in developing countries. Moreover the rise in disposable income has led to an increase in health care expenditures. Another factor that accelerated the development of this market is the regular use of diapers for hygiene purposes. Developing countries are expected to show a surging growth in this market due to an improvement in economic conditions. However the increase in awareness of healthcare products concerning the chemicals used in disposable diapers may hamper the growth of the baby diaper market. In the future, due to increasing preferences for environmental friendly products, demand for biodegradable diapers is anticipated to show a high growth. A glimpse of the major drivers and restraints affecting this market is mentioned below: A. Drivers > Increasing baby diaper demand in emerging regions > Increasing birth rates in developing regions > Increasing disposable income in emerging economies B. Restraints > Baby health problems related to baby diapers > Stringent regulatory framework Get Free Sample Copy of this Report @http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-468 The global baby diaper market can be categorized into disposable, biodegradable, cloth and swim pants. Disposable diapers’ market is estimated to have the largest market share. Asia- Pacific region is estimated to be the fastest growing market since major developing countries fall into this region such as India, China, Japan and Korea. In developed countries like U.S.A, Europe and others have been developing there has been a development of non-renewable sources for the production of disposable diapers. There has also been a swift change on of using bio-degradable products over disposable diapers. The startling growth of superabsorbent polymers has been an important part of rising demand of baby diapers in developing countries. There has also been a substantial growth in the birth rate and a rise in per capita disposable income in developing countries that have boosted the growth of the baby diaper market. Moreover a rise in the growth of women joining the workforce is becoming a major factor for the growth of this sector. The convenience, assistance and hygienic attributes that it provides is making it highly popular among the working population.  The preferences of customers relate to the softness, absorbency and performance. Therefore, earlier baby diapers would last for only 3 to 4 hours but now, owing to the demand by consumers, manufacturers are trying to create diapers that can last for 12 hours. The diaper manufacturer brands are now focusing on softness, absorbency/leakage protection, body-hugging fit performance and durability of diapers. There are adverse health effects caused due to various chemicals used in diapers such as xylene, toluene which might restrict the growth of this market. The major key players of the baby diaper industry are Procter & Gamble, Kimberly-Clark, Hengan, Unicharm, KAO Corporation, Bumkins, SCA Hygiene, American Baby Company and Diapees and Wipees. P&G and Kimberly Clark are estimated to dominate the baby diapers market due to variation in the products provided by these companies. Nevertheless, this market has experienced hurdles due to high priced products and other environmental concerns. Thus, the major focus of companies that fall into this sector is to produce cost effective and skin friendly diapers. Major Table Of Contents: 1. Introduction 2. Executive Summary 3. Baby Diaper Market Analysis 4. Baby Diaper Market Analysis By Product Type 5. Baby Diaper Market Analysis By Geography 6. Competitive Landscape Of Baby Diaper Market Companies 7. Company Profiles Of Baby Diaper Market Industry Purchase Complete Global Baby Diaper Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-468 About-Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com Blog: blog.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBaby Diaper, Baby Diaper Industry, Baby Diaper Industry Outlook, Baby Diaper Industry Report, Baby Diaper Market, Baby Diaper Market analysis, Baby Diaper Market growth, Baby Diaper Market Report, Baby diaper Market Share, Baby Diaper Market Size, Cosmetic, Global Baby Diaper Market Report, Google News, Personal products, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Report Explores the Ceftaroline fosamil Market Overview with Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Intravascular Ultrasound Systems Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Search Recent Posts Beyond Meat Issues Allergy Alert On Undeclared Peanut In Beyond Meat Feisty Crumbles Urinary Incontinence Therapeutics Market Research Report : : Market Competition, Value chain Analysis and Forecast 2025 Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) Market Research Report : : Market Competition, Value chain Analysis and Forecast 2025 Vesper Holdings Unveils Its Two Latest Student Housing Projects Epazz, Inc. (EPAZ: OTC Pink Current) | Company Video Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Hair Care Market 2015-2021, Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Trends, Segment & Forecast scrutinized in New Research The new research report on Hair Care Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2021. Get FREE Sample Copy @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-388 Hair care products help nourish hair and prevent from hair fall and damage due to pollution, dust and various other factors. The products for hair care may be nature based ingredients or synthetic ingredients. Hair care products cleans and moisturizes hair providing strength to the hair. The styling agents such as hair sprays/wax/gels and colourants have grabbed much of the attention of consumers in the past few years which increased the demand for hair care products. This report examines the global hair care market and provides information regarding the revenue (USD Million) for the period 2014 to 2021. It further elaborates the market drivers which contribute to the growth. It then describes the restraints that are faced by the market. The market is classified into various segments with deep analysis of each segment for the study period. A glimpse of the major drivers and restraints affecting this market is mentioned below: A. Drivers > Increase in demand for hair care services like hair care treatments, hair spa, deep nourishment, and etc. > Emerging technological innovation on the formulation and manufacturing front. > Rising standards of life and increasing number of working women is driving the growth of hair care market. B. Restraints > Alternative home-made natural hair oil, serums and spa treatments may be a threat to the hair care market in further years, these are effective for all hair types and free from the threat due to absence of harsh chemicals and zero side effects. > Counterfeit hair products are threat to the manufacturers who produce high quality hair care products. Report includes a detailed analysis on value chain in order to provide a holistic view of the hair care market. Value chain analysis comprises detailed evaluation of the roles of various players involved in the hair care industry, from raw material suppliers to end-users. Market attractiveness analysis has been included in order to analyze the application segments that are estimated to be lucrative during the forecast period on the basis of their market size and growth rate. Attractiveness of the market has been derived from market size, profit margin, growth rate, availability of raw materials, competition, and other factors such as social and legal constraints. The global hair care market has further been segmented based on types such as hair oils, shampoos, colourants, conditioners, hair loss treatments, perms and relaxants, salon hair care, styling agents. The study provides forecast and estimates market for each type in terms of revenue and volume during the forecast period from 2015 to 2021. Each type has been further analyzed based on regional and country levels from 2014 to 2021 in terms of revenue. In terms of geography, the hair care market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The study provides a detailed view of country-level aspects of the market on the basis of application segments and estimates the market in terms of revenue and volume during the forecast period. View More about Hair Care Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/388-hair-care-market-report The report also offers a competitive landscape of the overall market with company profiles of players such as L’Oréal Paris, Unilever, Nature’s Organics, Estée Lauder Cos Inc., L Brands Inc., Procter & Gamble Co., Boots UK Ltd., Lush Ltd., Colgate-Palmolive, Dabur India Ltd., Amway, Shanghai Jahwa United Co. Ltd., Kao Corp., and Shiseido Co. Ltd. A detailed description of the each company has been included and includes information in terms of headquarters, inception, stock listing, upcoming capacities, key mergers & acquisitions, financial overview, and recent developments provides a thorough idea about the competitive positioning of market players. The report also provides hair care market’s Mergers/acquisitions, Partnerships, Collaborations, New product lunches, new product developments and other industry developments. Major Table Of Contents: 1. Introduction 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Analysis Of Hair Care 4. Hair Care Market Analysis By Type 5. Hair Care Market Analysis By Region 6. Competitive Landscape Of Hair Care Companies 7. Company Profiles Of Hair Care Industry Order a Complete Hair Care Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-388 About Us:                                                                                                        DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com Blog: blog.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCosmetic, Global Hair Care Market Report, Google News, Hair Care, Hair Care Industry, Hair Care Industry Outlook, Hair Care Industry Report, Hair Care Market, Hair Care Market Analysis, Hair Care Market Growth, Hair Care Market Report, Hair Care Market Share, Hair Care Market Size, Personal products, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Laboratory Information System Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Global Market Report on Flocculant and Coagulant by size, share, development from 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Marines Relocate Desert Tortoises Air Force Will Deploy F-35A Fighters to Europe for Training Mattis Trip to Make Stops in Middle East, Africa TAPS Honors Survivors, Mentors at Annual Gala Astronaut Praises Space Station as ‘Great Model for Society’ Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 68° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunshine. High 82F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies early. Scattered thunderstorms developing later at night. Low 64F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 40%. Updated: April 15, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell CARDS BLUES MU FORUMS CHATS PREPS GOLF Sports Close Oklahoma athletics director Joe Castiglione and head coach K.J. Kindler hold the trophy after the Sooners won the NCAA women's gymnastics championships last April in Fort Worth, Texas. (AP Photo) Oklahoma tries to defend NCAA gymnastics title at Chaifetz By Stu Durando St. Louis Post-Dispatch Stu Durando Apr 14, 2017 (…) Oklahoma athletics director Joe Castiglione and head coach K.J. Kindler hold the trophy after the Sooners won the NCAA women's gymnastics championships last April in Fort Worth, Texas. (AP Photo) The parade of women’s gymnastics national team champions from the Southeastern Conference has been interrupted only briefly since 2005. Last year was one of those times, when Oklahoma halted the most recent championship run by an SEC team. To win consecutive titles, the Sooners are going to have to beat another strong field of contenders from a conference that has produced the champion 19 of the last 30 seasons. The SEC will have four representatives among the 12 teams competing at Chaifetz Arena on Friday and Saturday in the women’s gymnastics championships. “It’s always something that we’re asked: ‘Are you planning to defend your national championship?’” Oklahoma coach K.J. Kindler said. “We always tell our team, ‘You’re a new team. You’re a different team. You have different dynamics. You have to create your own story.’ Our seniors have been amazing in this story, doing a phenomenal job of leading the team to an undefeated season, which is so hard to do.” While Oklahoma is the No. 1 seed and favorite, No. 2 LSU and No. 3 Florida are among the top threats to regain the top spot for their conference. Alabama and Georgia are also in the field. Those four programs have combined to make 127 appearances in the national championships and 61 in the Super Six, which is the final group that will compete for the team championship Saturday night. They also have won 19 national championships. The teams are split into two semifinals Friday with the top three from each group moving onto the Super Six. The Pac-12 also has four teams in the field, including No. 4 Utah, which won its third conference championship in four years. The most recent Pac-12 team to win the national title was UCLA in 2010. In the semifinals, Oklahoma will be grouped with Utah, UCLA, Oregon State, Denver and Washington at noon. LSU will compete against Florida, Alabama, Michigan, Georgia and Nebraska at 7 p.m. “The first night is going to be intense,” Alabama coach Dana Duckworth said. “We’re in a session with four SEC teams. ... We have our work cut out for us.” Oklahoma is pursuing an undefeated season that has seen the Sooners beat 13 nationally ranked opponents, including LSU, Alabama and Georgia. The roster includes Brenna Dowell, who competed in the P&G Championships at Chaifetz last June, and freshman phenom Maggie Nichols, a first-team All-American in all four individual events and all-around. When the Sooners won the outright title last season, they stopped a run of three consecutive Florida championships (one was a tie with Oklahoma) from 2013-15. Alabama won in 2011 and ’12, and Georgia put together a run from 2005-09. The SEC has not only won most of the championships but has produced the runner-up 15 times since 1990. An individual from the league has won the all-around championship five consecutive years and 19 times in the last three decades. SEC champ Alex McMurtry of Florida will be among the favorites this weekend. LSU is the only SEC team in the field that has not won a national championship and suffered its only loss to Oklahoma. “We had a great SEC championship and our run through the SEC season was fabulous,” LSU coach D-D Breaux said. “You never want adversity but when you have it, if the team can deal with it and not let it bog them down, it’s the sign of a very mature team. You’re only as good as your next performance and our next performance is a preliminary round with six really good teams. LSU, I think, is the best team in that heat.” All eight SEC gymnastics programs competed in the regionals with a chance to reach St. Louis. Mizzou ended the season ranked No. 15 but was grouped in a regional with Florida and Georgia and finished third, learning a tough lesson about life in the SEC. NCAA women’s gymnastics championships Where • Chaifetz Arena When • Friday and Saturday Time • Semifinals on Friday at noon and 7 p.m.; Super Six on Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets • Friday $18-$25; Saturday $20-$28 at Ticketmaster.com or Chaifetz box office. Tags Team Athletics Lsu Oklahoma Championship Sport Stu Durando Stu Durando is the SLU beat writer for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Stu Durando Close Get email notifications on Stu Durando daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Stu Durando posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Stu Durando Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular St. Louis suing NFL over Rams' relocation Blake Harris shocked by campus reaction on Mizzou visit BenFred: Opening week raises questions about Cards' readiness Cardinals' DeWitt is MLB's 'most powerful' owner, says USA Today Fox threatens to pull FSM from Charter TV lineup Quick links Ben Frederickson Benjamin Hochman Jeff Gordon Jose de Jesus Ortiz Media Views Sports forums Latest Sports digest: Mizzou softball beats No. 7 Auburn Weekend sports on the air Oklahoma tries to defend NCAA gymnastics title at Chaifetz FISHING REPORT Sports digest: Steelers chairman Dan Rooney dies Winning submissions will be featured in a special section in the Post-Dispatch on May 7. Have that super-smokin’ bond with your GRILL-friend? Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Newsletters Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost Quora, Contributor A place to share knowledge and better understand the world. The Internet of Things is Creating Technological Scaling Challenges 04/14/2017 11:11 am ET DigitalVision Vectors/Getty Images How will the IoT (Internet of Things) impact the telecommunications industry? originally appeared on Quora: the place to gain and share knowledge, empowering people to learn from others and better understand the world. Answer by Shane Greenstein, on Quora: Regarding the Internet of Things' impact on the telecommunications industry, you have to understand what we can do today to understand what we would like to do tomorrow. First of all, let’s consider up to the year 2020. Even in this short span we should expect to see new applications placing pressure on scale, reliability, and security of the applications. That will press telecommunications operators and equipment providers to the edges of what they can do. The vast majority of IoT applications (so far) involve industrial applications with low bandwidth, light censors, widely dispersed networks, and minimal reliability. For example, it is very common for logistics company to record progress of a package along a path. How do they do that? With inexpensive readers that send simple signals, placed along the path, automatically recorded by servers at headquarters, alert to simple warning signs of danger, which an operator can investigate. And there are gazillions of these censors, so if one fails, another can take its place. This has become common in shipping, trucking, rail and warehousing, not to mention oil and gas networks, and inside of retailing firms with large logistical operations, such as Walmart, Amazon, and P&G. These type of applications are capable of large scale deployments, involving more censors dispersed over large geographic distances. That also tells you where the challenges will lie, and how it will impact the telecom industry. Acquiring and managing a rather large and geographically dispersed IP network is not beyond human capability today, as long as it contains a few fail-safes if something breaks. But… Reliability. While 100% reliability beats 99%, and 99% is good most of the time, 99% is frightening in many applications. Sure, it is easy to design a pace maker or blood pressure monitor with modern wireless IoT wireless capabilities, but nobody thinks 99% is acceptable in every location and under every circumstance. This hold back many valuable applications unless (or until) firms find ways to address it. Security. While lax security is not a problem for boxes of razor blades shipped across the country, that is not acceptable for something like an autonomous vehicle. If you don’t think so, I can show you scores of rogue programmers just waiting to hold your automobile for ransom. Again, this will hold back many valuable applications. Privacy protection. While privacy rules pose few issues for the temperature gauges on an oil pipeline, not so for devices that read activity at home. For example, just recently a vibrator company got in trouble for sending a little too much data back to the company that designed the product. It is funny, but symptomatic of a much bigger issue. System design. Real time integration of massive data is already feasible, but those types of applications have many potential points of failure. After all, the integration of Waze with Google Maps already integrates huge numbers of low-bandwidth signals into an application that many can access. It may be irritating when it is inaccurate, but you can survive without it if the network goes down. But there lies the rub. Nobody is suggesting we integrate airplane traffic with digital weather data, and have the computers do all the routing and land the aircraft. We still need humans because the systems are flawed. To be sure, there are some things we can improve. Just to be clear, each of these frontier issues — in reliability, privacy, security, and systems — requires great engineering in the networks, the devices and in the software. However, each of these requires more than mere engineering solutions. Law and management have key roles to play. Many frontier applications require some cooperation across firms — in the writing of protocols for regular procedures, in the legal norms for liability in the event of failure, and in the design of systems to assign boundaries of responsibility and avoid cascades of failure, to name just a few general problems. Back to the main question: How will the future of IoT impact telecom companies? They need to have teams of lawyers, engineers and MBAs design processes, platforms, and protocols for making applications work across firm boundaries. That is challenging for any organization, big or small, and it certainly will challenge telecom firms too. The big firms will offer turn-key solutions, as usual, and, as usual, buyers will resist “all-in-one-firm” solutions, and ask to mix-and-match from a variety of best-of-breed providers. Sound familiar? Tech has lived with these sorts of challenges for decades, and here we go again. If you want to learn more, it can be super interesting to look at specific applications. This question originally appeared on Quora - the place to gain and share knowledge, empowering people to learn from others and better understand the world. You can follow Quora on Twitter, Facebook, and Google+. More questions: Internet of Things: Is there any open source software for IoT (internet of things)? Telecommunications: How much would the global economy benefit if Wi-Fi were free and available everywhere? Technology: What are some of the cleverest inventions and ideas ever? CONVERSATIONS This post is hosted on the Huffington Post's Contributor platform. Contributors control their own work and post freely to our site. If you need to flag this entry as abusive, send us an email. Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW THE MORNING EMAIL Start your workday the right way with the news that matters most. Learn more Newsletter 9.31 M 77.6 K 476 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat The Internet of Things is Creating Technological Scaling Challenges NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Follow @triplepundit 47.8k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit Sustainatopia (3p discount code “TP15”) Both a conference and a broad-ranging festival, SUSTAINATOPIA brings together the global ecosystem of social, financial and environmental sustainability & impact. [REGISTER HERE] Us code TP15 for 15% off May 7-10: San Francisco Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit 3p Weekend: 10 Corporate Hiring Programs Worth a Closer Look by Mary Mazzoni on Friday, Apr 14th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) With a busy week behind you and the weekend within reach, there’s no shame in taking things a bit easy on Friday afternoon. With this in mind, every Friday TriplePundit will give you a fun, easy read on a topic you care about. So, take a break from those endless email threads, and spend five minutes catching up on the latest trends in sustainability and business. The daily Flag Retreat ceremony at Walt Disney World is just one way the company supports and honors military veterans. In the weeks following U.S. President Donald Trump’s first attempt to ban travelers from seven majority-Muslim countries, Starbucks caught heat for an odd reason: a pledge to hire 10,000 refugees. Angry social media users called for a boycott and complained that the coffee chain was giving preferential treatment to refugees while American military veterans remained out of work. This prompted Starbucks to remind customers of its robust veteran hiring initiative, which it bolstered even further in response to the kerfuffle. As a publication focused on socially-responsible business, this conflict struck us as odd. After all, plenty of diversity groups struggle to find work — from military veterans and refugees to people with disabilities or marks on their criminal record. There’s more than enough need to go around, and any program that seeks to give at-risk groups a shot at employment is a win in our book. With that in mind, this week we tip our hats to corporate hiring programs looking to make a difference the old-fashioned way: with a job. 1. USAA Hiring veterans  “We know what it means to serve” is the time-honored slogan of financial services provider USAA. But the company insists it’s more than a catch phrase. The company has long offered competitive financial products and benefits to veterans, which they can pass on to their children free of charge. But the company’s active veteran hiring program is less widely known. The company strives to tap veterans and military spouses for 30 percent of its new hires — on the way to achieving 25 percent military employee representation by 2020. The company employs six distinct hiring, training and recruitment programs to support veteran employees — from veteran-to-veteran mentoring programs to an internal resource group. 2. EY Hiring people with disabilities  Hiring people with disabilities is close to EY’s heart. The company’s co-founder, Arthur Young, was deaf with low vision — a challenge that prompted him to leave his law career, move into the accounting field, and start the company then known as Ernst and Young. The company says it integrates “ergonomics and accessibility into our offices, technologies, tools and business processes.” And it claims this flexible work environment allows employees with disabilities and those recovering from illness or injury to continue to do their jobs comfortably. The company hosts four employee networks for workers with disabilities, as well as caregivers and the parents of children with special needs. It continues to emphasize hiring of people with all abilities, and in 2015 Diversity Inc. magazine ranked it as the top company for employees with disabilities. 3. Disney Hiring veterans  The Walt Disney Co. — which includes Disney, ESPN, Marvel and more — announced its Heroes Work Here program back in 2012. The company initially planned to hire 1,000 veterans over three years — a goal it blew past in mere months. The company also hosted the Disney Veterans Institute in 2013, which brought together hundreds of companies and organizations looking to hire veterans. “Through our groundbreaking Heroes Work Here initiative, we’ve hired more than 8,000 vets across our company — and helped another 15,000 find jobs outside of Disney,” Disney Chairman and CEO Bob Iger said at a shareholders meeting in 2015. The company also boosted its support of veteran-owned businesses from $100,000 to $3.3 million in 2015, Iger said. 4. Chobani Hiring refugees Although it doesn’t have a formal target, Chobani is arguably the world’s top company for hiring refugees. Founder and CEO Hamdi Ulukaya hails from what is now largely Kurdish Eastern Turkey and emigrated to the U.S. in 1994. After going on to found the multibillion-dollar Greek yogurt company, he remained a steadfast recruiter of immigrants and refugees — a practice that attracted boycotts and even death threats. But Ulukaya didn’t back down. Today, about 30 percent of Chobani’s factory employees are resettled refugees. For more companies leading in refugee hiring, check out this list from Fast Company. 5. Sprint Hiring veterans  In May of last year, Sprint teamed up with former President Barack Obama and the White House on a broad-sweeping veteran hiring initiative. After years of building its veteran employee network, Sprint pledged to hire 2,500 veterans as part of Joining Forces, a White House initiative aimed at securing civilian careers for veterans and their families. Sprint is one of more than 50 leading U.S. telecommunications and technology companies that pledged to hire a combined 100,000 veterans and military spouses by 2021. 6. Pop! Gourmet Foods Hiring the formerly incarcerated  David Israel came up with the idea for Pop! Gourmet Foods while serving time in prison for four years. He has since grown the purveyor of gourmet popcorn and chips into a multimillion-dollar company with distribution in 19 countries. And he still emphasizes hiring formerly incarcerated people like him. “Immediately, I hired my first cellmate as our fourth employee,” he told Civil Eats last year. “We started working with the Department of Corrections, and they’d send us people out of work release.” Today, about 20 percent of Pop!’s staff was formerly incarcerated. For more companies that seek to hire the formerly incarcerated, check out our list here. 7. PwC Hiring people with disabilities People with disabilities represent America’s largest diversity group, says professional services company PwC. The firm first formalized disabilities initiatives as part of its talent strategy back in 2009. Since then, it has steadily rolled out programs to recruit, hire and support employees with disabilities. It now offers an employee network for staffers with disabilities and a host of programs to support these employees. By 2014, the company’s efforts nearly tripled the number of PwC staff who self-disclosed their disability status. The company took its effort to the next level that year with the launch of its Ability Reveals Itself program, which seeks to foster every employee’s unique skills and harness them into fitting careers. The company also works directly with schools to recruit and place students with disabilities, Brad Hopton, a tax partner and disability inclusion networks partner champion at PwC, told 3p last year. 8. Pacific Gas and Electric Hiring veterans  PG&E launched its 1,000 Careers Project in 2015, with the goal of hiring 1,000 veterans into skilled positions over eight years. “This effort is about more than providing veterans with a paycheck. It’s about creating opportunities for them to build successful, long-term careers,” Laura Butler, PG&E vice president of talent management and inclusion and chief diversity officer, said in a statement. ” As a nation, we have the duty to make sure veterans have access to good career opportunities when transitioning back to civilian life.” The California gas and electric company is no stranger to hiring veterans. But its latest initiative looks to take things a step further — offering ongoing support for veteran hires and looking to support veteran-owned suppliers. 9. Procter and Gamble Hiring people with disabilities  Procter and Gamble is looking to transform its manufacturing plants by hiring more people with disabilities: More than 40 percent of the staff at its plant in Auburn, Maine, have some form of developmental or physical disability. “This model — as well as others like it at our Lima, Ohio, and Dover, Delaware, plants — is being pursued across other U.S. manufacturing and distribution sites,” P&G said in 2014. The company hosts an internal network for employees with disabilities and continues to emphasize this group in hiring. 10. CSX Hiring veterans  American railway company CSX is a proud military-friendly employer. 1 in 5 CSX employees has served in the military. And the company says it is “actively seeking employees with the experience of service in the American armed forces” to join its ranks. Image credit: Flickr/c-lemon Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6507 articles in this category: 3p Weekend: 10 Corporate Hiring Programs Worth a Closer Look Silicon Valley Gets Its Report Card On Workplace Diversity (And It’s Not Pretty) Tom’s of Maine Founder Wants to Revitalize the U.S. Apparel Industry Based in Philadelphia, Mary Mazzoni is the senior editor of TriplePundit. She is also a freelance journalist with a passion for storytelling and sustainability. Her work has appeared in the Philadelphia Daily News, Earth911, the Huffington Post, Sustainable Brands and the Daily Meal. Mary is a lifelong vegetarian with an interest in climate resilience, clean tech and social justice. You can contact her at mary@triplepundit.com. Follow Mary Mazzoni @mary_mazzoni Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market to Report a CAGR of 10.6% from 2016 to 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — The market for physician dispensed cosmeceuticals has been undergoing a sea change with skincare specialist, dermatologists, and trichologists venturing into the market as entrepreneurs. Consequently, the vendor landscape in the market is becoming highly fragmented due to the mushrooming skin and hair treatment centers and clinics. The market therefore exhibits an abundance of products. It is important for products to conform to consumer expectations to gain a stronghold in this market. The ground level knowledge about the dynamic consumer preferences, adverse effects of a stressful lifestyle, damages caused to skin, eyes, and hair by UV rays, and the impact of pollution, are the primary factors fuelling the demand for quality physician dispensed cosmeceuticals. As per Transparency Market Research (TMR), these favorable factors will lead the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market to report a CAGR of 10.6% between 2016 and 2024. The market is expected to reach US$27.6 bn by the end of 2024, from a valuation of US$11.2 bn in 2015. Skincare Products Segment leads the Market, but Demand for Injectable Botox to Grow Rapidly By product type, the skincare products segment held the lion’s share in 2015. The prominence of skincare products can be attributed to the increasing demand for effective cosmeceuticals to treat dermatological conditions. Hence, the increasing consciousness among the aging population about their looks and the changing attitude of the middle-aged and geriatric population in developing countries bode well for the demand for physician dispensed cosmeceuticals. The anti-aging products segment is therefore expected to continue its dominance in the market through the forecast period. However, according to TMR, the demand for injectable Botox is expected to increase at a higher pace in the near future. North America Emerges as Key Region in Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market North America, being a mature market, makes a sizeable contribution to physician dispensed cosmeceuticals revenues worldwide. In 2015, the region also emerged dominant in the global market because it is technologically ahead of other geographical segments. As per TMR, the North America physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market stood at US$4.7 bn in 2015. Rising at a CAGR of 9.6%, the market is expected to reach US$10.52 bn by the end of 2024. However, TMR forecasts that the market in Asia Pacific will grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. The increasing willingness among the aging and middle-income group population to pay for beauty and skincare products transcends into high demand for quality cosmeceuticals from this region. Furthermore, Asia Pacific boasts a high consumer base for skin whitening, acne treatment, and hyperpigmentation products due to its tropical climate and the higher ratio of teenage population. Bolstered by these factors, the market Asia Pacific is projected to rise at a CAGR of 12.3% between 2016 and 2024. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=565 Emerging Economies to Exhibit Impressive Opportunities for Increased Sales Likewise, the demand for physician dispensed cosmeceuticals across other emerging markets such as South Africa, Brazil, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE is expected to rise at a robust pace during the forecast period. On the flip side, high revenue generating cosmeceuticals products such as dermal fillers and Botox have a miniscule consumer base in developing and underdeveloped regions. This is mainly because of their high cost, apprehensions associated with using such products, and lack of sufficient knowledge regarding the use of these products. These factors have an adverse impact on the overall prospects of the market. Some of the key players operating in the market include Johnson & Johnson, Jan Marini Skin Research, Inc., Allergan plc, Procter & Gamble Co., L’Oreal S.A., Unilever plc, Valeant Pharmaceuticals Inc., and ZO Skin Health Inc. Among these enterprises L’Oreal S.A has emerged as the dominant player in the market. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Car DVR Market- Qrontech, DEC, Kehan, HUNYDON, JADO, Blackvue, Garmin, SAST, REXing Next PostNext Global Vultac Market 2017 – Arkema, Hubron Speciality Ltd Search Recent Posts Global Microelectromechanical Systems Market Research Report 2017 Global Mining Feeders Market Research Report 2017 Geneba Announces Completion of Strategic Alternatives Process Global Ceramic Ball Valve Market Share, Growth, Industry Outlook and Forecast 2022 Global Forestry and Agricultural Tractor Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global Pet Food Market 2017 – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Strategies and Forecast to 2022 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — The global Pet Food market is witnessing rapid growth due to the rising number of pet owners. The growing concerns of owners regarding nutrition and balanced diets for their pets has prompted the rise of commercial pet foods and boosted the market. It seems likely that ingredients like omega-3 fatty acids, which are beneficial for health and frequently consumed by humans, will soon be commonly incorporated in pet food. Low protein, low ash and easily digestible pet foods enable owners to make sure that their pets stay healthy. According to Pet Food Institute (PFI), sales of cat and dog food rose to $19 billion in 2012. Pet owners are willing to spend more on products that promote the health and happiness of their pets. This trend makes pet food an attractive investment opportunity. Increasing disposable incomes, changing urban lifestyle, the growing tendency to view pets as status symbols, ongoing ‚humanization’ trends and homogenized preferences are driving the pet food market. The rising demand for premium and organic foods prompts manufacturers to produce high-quality products. Increasing awareness about health and health-related issues concerning pets, such as obesity, creates opportunities in the pet food industry. Get Free Sample Report Of Pet Food Market @ http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/world-pet-food-market-opportunities-and-forecasts-68596#RequestSample The global pet food market is primarily categorized on the basis of pet type, food type and geography. Pet type is classified into dog food, cat food, bird food, fish food and others, while the food type market is segmented into Dry Food, Wet/ Canned Food, Nutritious Food and Snacks/ Treats. This report segments the pet food market into four geographic regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and LAMEA. Key players in the pet food market are Mars Pet Care Inc., Nestle Purina Pet Care, Hill’s Pet Nutrition, P & G Pet Care, Del Monto Foods Corp., Heristo AG, Affinity Pet Care SA, Nutriara Alimentos, Unicharm Corp. and Total Alimentos SA. KEY BENEFITS The report provides an in-depth analysis of the pet food market which would help stakeholders to better understand market behavior Based on the current market scenario and expected market trends, estimations through 2014-2020 are made to showcase the future prospects of the pet food market Do Inquiry To Buy Report Of Pet Food Market @ http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/world-pet-food-market-opportunities-and-forecasts-68596#InquiryForBuying MARKET BY PET TYPE Dog food Cat food Bird Fish Others MARKET BY FOOD TYPE Dry Food Wet/ Canned Food Nutritious Food Snacks/ Treats MARKET BY GEOGRAPHY North America Europe Asia Pacific LAMEA KEY PLAYERS Mars pet care Inc. Nestle Purina Pet Care Hill’s Pet Nutrition P & G Pet Care Del Monto Foods Corp. Heristo AG Affinity Pet Care SA Nutriara Alimentos Unicharm Corp. Total Alimentos SA Contact Us: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street, Suite #8138, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442, USA USA Tel: 386-310-3803 GMT Tel: +49-322 210 92714 USA/Canada Toll Free No. 855-465-4651 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Web: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Savannah, GA Reason #45 Why Outsourcing Your Local Reputation-Management Needs and Custom Blog Content Creation to www.G3-Development.co Is Attractive Next PostNext Global Agrochemical Market 2017 – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Strategies and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Grandparents.com Announces Restructuring for U.S. Operations BOOST Collaborative Announces Senator Barbara Boxer and Actor Jesse Williams as Keynote Speakers at 2017 BOOST Conference Four Princeton Nobel laureates share wisdom, parting advice to graduating seniors NACIO EN MEXICO EL PRIMER LICOR ELECTRONICO New Book Launches “The NEW Health Code Project” for Women Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search New Sikh Awareness Campaign Targets Stereotypes By E.J. Schultz - just now Array 0 Sparkles, Sneakers, Chiffon: What 'Creative Black Tie' Means to Adland By Lindsay Stein - 15 hours ago Array 0 CMO Q&A: How Ex-Coke Marketer Is Adjusting to Life at Beam By E.J. Schultz - just now Array 0 They Won Ad Age's Cover Contest for Young Creatives; Where Are They Now? By Laurel Wentz and Angela Doland - just now Array 0 Five Revolutionary Changes in Marketing Since the Turn of the Century By Al Ries - just now Array 0 Binge Watching Is Making You a Total Jerk, and Fox Approves By Ann-Christine Diaz - 2 days ago 0 Oracle Plans Aggressive Move Into TV Advertising By Kate Kaye - 19 hours ago 0 How BK's Google Home Stunt Reflects New Audio Branding Era By E.J. Schultz - 14 hours ago 0 United Airlines' Consumer Perception Plunges to Lowest Level in Decade By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago 0 Murdoch Family Values: When (and How) Will Rupert & Sons Decide Bill O'Reilly's Fate? By Simon Dumenco - 19 hours ago 0 Lowdown: Wendy's Tweet Might Pass Ellen's Famed Oscars Tweet - Yesterday 0 Shelly Palmer: TV May Actually Die Soon By Shelly Palmer - Yesterday 0 This Spiritual Surf Film Is From a Company Aspiring to Be the 'World's First Great African Brand' By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 Oracle Plans Aggressive Move Into TV Advertising By Kate Kaye - 19 hours ago 0 The Whopper Lives! Burger King's 'Connected' Ad Triggers Google Home Once Again By Ann-Christine Diaz - 18 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Al Ries Five Revolutionary Changes in Marketing Since the Turn of the Century By Al Ries. Published on April 14, 2017. When Apple decided to get into the smartphone business, it didn't use the Apple name, Al Ries writes. It called its smartphone 'iPhone.' Credit: Matthew Lloyd/Bloomberg Most Popular What can we say about marketing that hasn't been said many times before? Actually, a lot. Two developments have changed marketing forever. One is the arrival of the internet. The second is the rise of global branding. Both of these developments have contributed to the revolutionary changes that have taken place in marketing since the turn of the century. 1. PR is more important than advertising In the past, almost every new brand was launched with a big advertising campaign. In today's media environment, that doesn't work anymore. Advertising is expensive and not very credible, especially when used on behalf of a new brand. That's why many of the most successful new brands were launched with PR. Brands like Google, Facebook, Snapchat, Uber and Twitter. Consider the recent presidential election. Hillary Clinton's campaign spent almost twice as much on advertising as Donald Trump's campaign: $1,184 million for Clinton; $616 million for Trump. Yet Trump won the majority of the electoral votes: 306 for Trump versus 232 for Clinton. It's a different story when you measure the PR received by the two candidates. By most counts, Trump received almost three times as much publicity as did Clinton. Why? Because Trump was "controversial" and Clinton was not. Controversy makes news, and news builds brands. That's one of the big differences between PR and advertising. A PR program needs to be controversial, but that doesn't work in advertising. Consumers are turned off by advertising that attacks the competition. But they don't blame the brand if a story in the media does the same thing. 2. The category is more important than the brand Marketing is often called "brand building." The emphasis is on creating a better-known, more-authoritative brand. But what role do brands play in the marketing process? Consumers can't buy brands. Consumers buy products with brand names attached. Consider the analogy between marketing and warfare. A country launches a military campaign to conquer a territory. A company launches a marketing campaign to conquer a category. Soldiers, tanks and aircraft are the tools of a military campaign. But they are not the objective. Product, packaging, distribution and brand are the tools of a marketing campaign. But they are not the objective. The objective is to conquer a category. Even worse, from a branding point of view, is that a brand has little value outside of the category it stands for. Consider Nokia, a company that dominated the cellphone market with its Nokia brand name. What did Nokia do when the market shifted from cellphones to smartphones? It did what most companies do. Nokia tried to use its cellphone brand name on its smartphones -- with disastrous results. That's not what Apple did. When the computer market shifted from the home to the office, it didn't use the Apple name. It called its office computers "Macintosh." When Apple decided to get into the smartphone business, it again didn't use the Apple name. It called its smartphone "iPhone." (I should have said Steve Jobs, not Apple. Because when Apple got into the smartwatch business, it promptly adopted the line-extension strategy used by almost everybody else.) After the success of the iPhone, you might think some of the iPhone's competitors would also use new brand names. But they didn't. Every major global smartphone competitor used their existing brand names: BlackBerry, HTC, Huawei, Lenovo, LG, Motorola, Nokia, Samsung, Sony and Xiaomi. Most marketing people are totally brand oriented. All they think about is what other categories they can conquer with their brands. That's particularly true in global companies like Sony in Japan, Samsung in Korea, Tata in India and General Electric in America. 3. The name is more important than the strategy It probably didn't surprise you that RadioShack went bankrupt. (For the second time.) What is surprising is that the executives who ran the company thought it could be successful using the RadioShack name. When was the last time you bought a radio without an automobile attached? Take Orville Redenbacher, the leading popcorn brand for decades. But not today. Consumers are getting concerned about the food they eat, especially high-calorie, low-nutrition food like popcorn. Today, the leading popcorn brand is Smartfood. No brand lasts forever. Times change, and companies need to be in tune with the times. And one way to do that is to launch new brands to deal with changes in the marketplace. But even when companies do use new brand names, they often fail to appreciate the importance of the brand names they choose. Quite often, a company will create a new brand name before it even develops a marketing strategy for the brand. That's a serious mistake. Strategy first, brand name second is the best approach. The brand name should be picked to help communicate the brand's marketing strategy. Duracell, for example, was picked to help communicate the fact that an alkaline battery lasts twice as long as a zinc-carbon battery. And, of course, Duracell almost immediately overtook its competitor, the Eveready Alkaline brand, another line-extension disaster. Consumers don't read your marketing plans. They just pick and choose between brands they see for sale in the marketplace. And the best way to communicate your marketing strategy is by choosing a brand name that reflects it. 4. The visual is more important than the verbal For 65 years in a row, Heineken was the No. 1 imported beer in America. Then Corona arrived with a lime on top of the bottle. Today, Corona outsells Heineken in the American market by 120%. That's the power of a visual. But not just any visual. After all, advertising and other forms of marketing are loaded with visual images. What a brand needs is a visual that reinforces its verbal positioning concept. The "position," a verbal concept, is the nail. The tool that hammers the positioning nail into consumers' minds is the visual hammer. While the objective of a marketing program is to put a word or a verbal concept into consumers' minds, the best way to do that is not with words at all. It's with a visual that has emotional appeal. 5. Multiple brands are more important than single brands The era of the single-brand company is over. In the future, global companies will have multiple brands. Companies like Apple, Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola, Unilever, Nestlé and many others. Consider two examples of famous single-brand companies from the past. General Electric and IBM. In the past decade, from 2006 to 2015, revenues at General Electric have declined 28% and revenues at IBM have declined 19%. The actual declines are even worse. In the past decade, inflation has caused the value of the dollar to decline by 16%. Take the internet. Almost every major company in the world has launched a website using its existing brand name. Have any of these websites become enormously successful? Of course not. To develop a successful website, you need a new brand name. Take Walmart, which launched Walmart.com in the year 2000. Today, more than 16 years later, Walmart.com accounts for less than 3% of Walmart's total sales. And, recently, the company admitted its website strategy was a mistake by buying Jet.com, an internet site that was launched in 2014, for $3.3 billion. To review: the five revolutionary changes 1. PR is more important than advertising. 2. The category is more important than the brand. 3. The name is more important than the strategy. 4. The visual is more important than the verbal. 5. Multiple brands are more important than single brands. Ignore them at your peril. In this article: Agency Viewpoint Al Ries Al Ries Al Ries is chairman of Ries & Ries, an Atlanta-based marketing strategy firm he runs with his daughter and partner Laura. View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Beauty Devices Market – Recommendations to Companies for Strengthening their Foothold in Industry Global Beauty Devices Market: Overview The increasing prevalence of skin-related issues, a rising geriatric population, and the expansion of the middle class have been the key factors boosting the global beauty devices market. The market is poised to surge exponentially between 2016 and 2024. Much of the growth exhibited by the market is attributed to the rising demand for hair removal devices. This product segment is expected to hold a considerable share in the market during the forecast period. Among the various application segments, the demand for beauty devices from salons is expected to rise at an impressive rate. Download Research Brochure PDF@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Among other factors, the growth of consumerism has had a profound impact on the market’s trajectory. Increasing demand for devices used in the treatment of skin diseases such as acne, psoriasis, and atopic dermatitis has been crucial in expanding the market’s operation. Of the aforementioned skin-related issues, acne is among the most prevalent dermatological conditions, troubling millions around the world. It is caused due to the clogging of hair follicles by dirt, dead skin cells, and sebum. More often than not, acne leaves behind scars. According to the findings of the American Academy of Dermatology, about 85% of Americans suffer from acne at some point in their lives. Apart from this, exposure to ultraviolet radiation can also cause skin diseases. Beauty devices that have been launched recently in the market have proven extremely beneficial in the treatment of the aforementioned dermatological conditions. Demand from the global beauty devices market is thus expected to increase at a robust pace in the coming years. The report studies the various factors influencing the global beauty devices market. It provides a comprehensive overview of the growth trajectory exhibited by the market over the last few years. It also presents forecasts about the market’s growth prospects based on information obtained from trusted industrial sources. Global Beauty Devices Market: Drivers and Restraints The majority of demand witnessed by the market comes from geriatric consumers. Old age is often associated with a reduced vascular network in layers of skin and loss of fibrous tissue. Consequently, people belonging to this age group demand special treatments for healthier-looking skin. Furthermore, the characteristics and appearance of a person get altered in old age, leading to dryness, pigmentation, wrinkles, and sagging of skin. Anti-aging beauty devices available in the market help in reducing these signs of skin aging, thus lending the skin a youthful radiance by tightening it. Awareness about the availability of treatments and related devices for treating aging skin has been thus boosting the global beauty devices market. Despite witnessing a considerable rise over the last couple of years, knowledge regarding the risks associated with using these devices is hampering the market’s growth to an extent. Some of the most common side-effects associated with the beauty devices include fragile skin, excessive swelling, discomfort, blistering, and bruising. The appearance of these side-effects can slow or postpone the process of skin treatment. Also, many popular beauty devices emit intense pulsed light that can result in side-effects such as edema, superficial burn, scarring, and postoperative erythema. Browse Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/beauty-devices-market…. Global Beauty Devices Market: Competitive Insight In order to study the competition prevailing in the market in detail, the report profiles some of the major companies operating therein. These include the L’Oreal Group, Panasonic Corporation, Procter & Gamble Company, and Carol Cole Company. The strengths and weaknesses of these companies are extensively studied in the report. It also provides in-depth insights into the threats and opportunities that these companies are likely to face in the near future. About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFashion, Lifestyle, Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MEDICAL TOURISM IN TURKEY: SECTOR OUTLOOK & FORECAST Next PostNext NCAA President Mark Emmert Makes an Impactful Visit to CSUN Search Recent Posts Jump On It, Latest Single By Mega EDM Label Armada, Expands Up-And-Coming ADN Lewis’s Global Fan Base New Case Study From Web 20 Ranker Reveals Newest GMB Ranking Factors For Google Possum Filter PID Controllers Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 How To Replace Airwheel E6 Smart Electric Bike’s Rear Fender and Front Inner Tube  Here is important news for the people who are looking for the luscious cakes Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
