Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Greg David on New York Polls Editor's Note Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Enhanced Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content EY Trep Talk General Counsel Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Corporate Accounting Outlook 2017 Real Estate on The Market Advertorials Wealth Management TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation Events Home Crain's Events Crain's Past Events Featured Events Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Post Standard Event Post Featured Event FAQ Featured Event 2017 Marketing Hall of Fame Add to Calendar Email × Thursday, May 11, 2017 | 6:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. R/GA Headquarters  |  450 W 33rd Street New York, NY 10001   Register OVERVIEW The New York American Marketing Association invites you to the 2017 Marketing Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony on May 11th! Join us as we induct industry thought leaders and experts who have changed the way we practice marketing today. Attendees will have a rare glimpse into each inductees view of how marketing will evolve in the future. This years inductees are Gary Briggs, vice president, chief marketing officer, Facebook; Jon Iwata, senior vice president, marketing and communications, IBM; Jim Stengel, former global marketing officer, Procter & Gamble and president/CEO, The Jim Stengel Company, and Jerry Wind, PhD, Professor of Marketing, The Wharton School. The Marketing Hall of Fame was established by the AMA New York to celebrate brilliance in marketing across all disciplines and industries. Each year, the program recognizes industry leaders who are making outstanding contributions to marketing and inspiring a new generation of marketers. Cocktail attire is suggested. SPEAKERS Gary Briggs, Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, Facebook Gary Briggs is responsible for consumer, product and platform marketing at Facebook. He has also served in a variety of senior marketing roles at Google, CEO at Plastics Jungle, CMO of eBay North America, VP of consumer marketing/general manager at eBay Canada and global marketing head at PayPal. Earlier in his career, Gary worked for six years at Pepsi, spent two years at IBM running worldwide brand strategy and was an engagement manager at McKinsey & Company. Jon Iwata, Senior Vice President, Marketing and Communications, IBM Jon Iwata leads IBMs marketing, communications and citizenship organization, heading a global team in more than 170 countries responsible for marketing products and services, market intelligence, communications and stewardship of the IBM brand. Since joining the company in 1984, he has been the architect of IBMs strategic brand platforms, including e-business, Smarter Planet, and Watson, and created Think Academy, a mobile- and cloud-delivered online university serving more than 375,000 IBMers. Jim Stengel, President/CEO, The Jim Stengel Company, LLC Jim Stengel shocked the marketing world in 2008 by leaving his prestigious role as global marketing officer at Procter & Gamble to form The Jim Stengel Company, LLC, a thinktank and consultancy. In his former role at P&G, Jim oversaw an $8 billion advertising budget and had organizational responsibility for nearly 7,000 people. He is best known for reinvigorating the companys marketing culture, personally leading the transformation that firmly established P&G as one of the most admired brand-building companies in the world. During his seven years in the role, P&Gs sales doubled. Jerry Wind, PhD., Lauder Professor, Academic Director, The Wharton Fellows Program Director, SEI Center for Advanced Studies in Management, Professor of Marketing, The Wharton School Jerry Wind, PhD. is internationally known for pioneering research on organizational buying behavior, market segmentation, conjoint analysis and marketing-driven business strategy. He consults with major firms around the world, provides expert testimony in intellectual property and antitrust cases, and has lectured in over 50 universities. He is the founding Director of the Wharton SEI Center for Advanced Studies in Management and Wharton Future of Advertising Program, founder of the Wharton Fellows program and co-founder of the Wharton-QS Reimagine Education program, led creation of the Wharton Executive MBA Program, the reinvention of the Wharton MBA curriculum and development of the Wharton globalization strategy. Professor Wind has edited top marketing journals and published over 300 articles, chapters and papers, and 25 books. PRICE General Price: $125 Member Price: $95 Please register in advance, walk-ins will not be permitted. Ticket sales end May 8th and refund requests will be honored up to 3 business days before the May 11th. We validate membership details when individuals indicate they belong to the American Marketing Association New York or the American Marketing Association. Media must register to attend, contact Molly at info@amaneywork.org for more information. For sponsorship information, please contact Molly at info@amanewyork.org. AGENDA The ceremony will begin with drinks and hors doeuvres, followed by presentations from each inductee. They'll share insights from their exciting careers and most notable successes. The evening will end with drinks, networking, and photo opportunities.   Register   SPONSORS American Marketing Association New York Crain's Events Crain's 2017 Health Care Summit: The Future of Behavioral Health in New York State New York Marriott Marquis Tuesday, May 9, 2017 Crains 2017 Middle Market Breakfast: Scaling Up Without Falling Flat - A Conversation with the City's Fastest Growing Companies The New York Athletic Club Thursday, May 11, 2017 Crain's 2017 Business Breakfast Forum: James Patchett, President and CEO, NYCEDC The New York Athletic Club Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Crain's 2017 Real Estate Conference: Dont just think big. Build big. Sheraton New York Times Square Hotel Wednesday, June 14, 2017 Latest News For neighborhoods overburdened by trash, no... The fate of Fearless Girl CityMD sells a majority share to private-... New York area's largest commercial banks Apple filed plan to dismantle Fifth Avenue... LOCATION R/GA Headquarters 450 W 33rd Street New York, NY 10001 Directions  | Subway CONTACT Molly Purcell molly@amanewyork.org (646) 701-5367 Get Crain's Events Calendar Alert Sign up for our FREE weekly Events Calendar email alert. A summary of upcoming industry events in and around the city. More Newsletters › Crain's Events Crain's 2017 Health Care Summit: The Future of Behavioral Health in New York State Tuesday, May 9 Crains 2017 Middle Market Breakfast: Scaling Up Without Falling Flat - A Conversation with the City's Fastest Growing Companies Thursday, May 11 Crain's 2017 Business Breakfast Forum: James Patchett, President and CEO, NYCEDC Wednesday, June 7 Crain's 2017 Real Estate Conference: Dont just think big. Build big. Wednesday, June 14 Crains 2017 50 Most Powerful Women in New York Tuesday, September 26 Featured Events Sandler Training NYC: Telephone Prospecting Boot Camp Thursday, April 20 Explore Exciting Career Opportunities As a Business Professor: Information Sessions for African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans & Native Americans Friday, April 21 What to Buy Now & Love Forever Fashion Luncheon Friday, April 21 The Book Blueprint Workshop Saturday, May 6 Lunch with New York City Mayoral Candidate Paul Massey Wednesday, May 10 News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Photos Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Greg David on NY Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
  Thursday, April 20, 2017   Read in Myanmar | Subscribe Now Myanmar Times Home National News Nay Pyi Taw Yangon Mandalay & Upper Myanmar In Brief Business Technology Property News Pulse Dining Travel What's On Fiction Chronicles of Bei Ka Street A Study in Saffron A Scent of Scandal The Pickled Blend The Mystery of the Silver Spoon The Adventure of the Devil’s Toyshop The Adventure of the Great Bell of Magwe Lady Don't Fall Backwards Sports Myanmar Open Golf Martial Arts Opinion In Depth Special Features Thingyan 2017 EduCentre Food & Entertainment Christmas & New Year's 2016 Travel Myanmar 2016 Banking & Finance 2016 IT & Telecommunications Food & Drink Weddings 2016 Healthy Living 2016 IT & Electronics Health Election 2015 In Pictures Panglong By-Election Jobs Clinton’s template for CSR is saving lives By San Yamin Aung and Su Phyo Win   |   Monday, 03 June 2013 Tweet When Chelsea Clinton took the podium at the Sedona Hotel on May 27 to congratulate Procter & Gamble for its effort in implementing a safe-drinking water project in Myanmar she underscored how beneficial it can be when corporations assume more responsibility for ensuring the health and welfare of communities. Chelsea Clinton explains how corporate social responsibility works, at a press conference in Yangon on May 27. (Thirilu/The Myanmar Times) The daughter of former US President Bill Clinton explained how the Clinton Global Initiative as worked with the multinational to reduce the number of deaths from water-borne diseases in Myanmar by providing water purification systems. She noted that 40,000 children die from diarrhoea, often caused by drinking unsafe water, in Myanmar each year. “Many people don’t want to talk about diarrhoea because it makes them feel squeamish. But what we should really be squeamish about is that in the 21st century, 2,000 children perish from dehydration due to diarrhoeal diseases caused by unsafe water every single day,” she said. Providing water filters or purification systems to impoverished families will dramatically reduce this grim, and unnecessary, figure, speakers at the press conference said. “It’s unconscionable not only for scores of people to die from a disease that is completely preventable, but also to stand on the sidelines when we have the knowledge and the means to really do something about it,” Ms Clinton added. The press conference showed how corporate social responsibility (CSR) benefits communities, international agencies, multinational corporations and governments. It drew attention to a major public health problem in Myanmar that has received scant attention in English-language media. Ms Clinton’s effort also provides a template for Myanmar, just one week ahead of the launch of a report by Corporate Social Responsibility in Asia that, the organisation says, will provide a framework for the sustainable development of Myanmar, “while protecting businesses from financial, legal and reputational risks”. CRR Asia will launch the report at the Union of Myanmar Federation of Chambers of Commerce and Industry on June 3. The seminar will draw leaders from business, government and civil society. Panellists will include Steve Marshall, the International Labour Organisation’s liaison officer in Myanmar; Andreas List, head of the European Union delegation to Myanmar; U Zaw Naing, the managing director of Myanmar Credent Technologies; and Ross Dunkley, managing director and editor-in-chief of The Myanmar Times. Most Read - Business Myanmar offshore exploration continues despite low oil prices Daiwa underwriter bid raises finance industry’s eyebrows Chin State to focus on trade, SMEs and tourism Huawei sees key role in Myanmar's telecoms future Yoma hails Landmark breakthrough North Sea expertise supporting Myanmar’s deep water exploration Phony Yangon car showrooms defraud dealers in Japan and Korea Commercial tax: like VAT, but not quite Working with Myanmar’s commercial tax - The Fine Print Legal & tax insight Border markets aiming to boost Chin State trade Most Read - Property News Trade tipped to reach US$30 billion Fashion entrepreneur spots the trend Yangon needs 75,000 new apartments each year Foreign investment will impact property market New policy elusive as YCDC restarts building permit applications MFF announces football stadium builds, expansions Parliament urges enquiry into last-minute rush for lucrative deals President’s Office to grant ministry land to Shwedagon developers ASEAN green design comp opens Finding room to grow Most Read - Technology Microsoft inks second deal with Myanmar MPT may open more service shops Some GSMs, landlines move to prepaid system MIH to bring Thai-speed broadband to Myanmar Only a week left to register SIM Total Gameplay Studio expands its empire Drone fliers must register in Myanmar Media firm introduces satellite TV, internet and phone services MPT plans receipt service to alert users Ooredoo reduces Myanmar losses Copyright © 2017 The Myanmar Times. All rights reserved. Home National News Business The Pulse Sports Opinion In Depth Special Features In Pictures Nay Pyi Taw Yangon Mandalay and Upper Myanmar Property News Technology What's On Travel Dining About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Subscriptions Facebook Twitter Work With Us
null
Milanofinanza ItaliaOggi MF Fashion Class Life CCeC Cerca  Logout |  Registrati    Accedi  |  Registrati   Abbonati   Newsletter   Status Utente Giovedì 20 Aprile 2017 - Ore 09:03 Home Edicola Il Giornale di Oggi MF/MilanoFinanza ItaliaOggi La mia edicola Nuovo Diritto delle Società Archivio articoli Cerca arretrati PDF Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni Lavoro e Carriera eFinancial Careers Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Patrimoni aprile Patrimoni settembre Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore RadioClassica Italia Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Europa Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mondo Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute Desk China Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate MF Dow Jones MF Dow Jones Tutte le news MF Dow Jones IPO e Performance delle matricole Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mercati Mercati Borsa italiana in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli La Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online Help Panieri MF ITALY In Evidenza Settori europa realtime Bond - Movers di oggi ETF - Spread & Movers CW & Certificates - Movers Indici - Il quadro tecnico Future - Strategie operative COT - Comm. Traders Report Calendario macroeconomico Fondi - Migliori e Peggiori Trading - Formazione e agenda Newsletter MF Trading Guide Download EasyTrading Download MarketStrategy Strumenti & Analisi Strumenti & Analisi Home di sezione Azioni Titoli stato & Bond Warrant CW e Certificates Fondi italiani Fondi esteri-Sicav ETF & ETC Cerca Case Immobiliare Cambio valuta Cambio Euro Dollaro Cambio Euro Sterlina Cambio Euro Franco Svizzero Cambio Euro Yen Blue Chip e Indici MF ITALY40 ai raggi X Analisi indici azionari Bull & Bear I migliori in Italia I migliori in Europa I migliori in Usa I peggiori in Italia I peggiori in Europa I peggiori in Usa Tecnologia Tecnologia My Tech Home My Tech news Correlati ClassLife - Hi-Tech video ClassLife - Hi-Tech news Lifestyle Motori Motori Home Motori su strada Motori & finanza personale Economia delle Case Innovazione e tecnologia Lifestyle Arte Vini Salute Gentleman’s Watch MFfashion Turismo Le Guide di Class Ristoranti Alberghi GentlemanLife - ClassLife ClassLife - Arte e design ClassLife - Viaggi e sapori ClassLife - Orologi e gioielli Opinioni Opinioni Orsi & Tori Orsi & Tori Archivio Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni Alert sui miei titoli Annuario investitore Patrimoni Patrimoni Web Il mio patrimonio Video Live TV NEWS TUTTE LE NEWS INDIETRO 19/04/2017 19:29 mf dow jones P&G: parte la seconda edizione del Future Female Leaders - Sales Edition Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere Vota 0 Voti MILANO (MF-DJ)--Procter & Gamble da' il via alla seconda edizione del "Future Female Leaders - Sales Edition", iniziativa dedicata alle studentesse all'ultimo anno del corso di laurea o neo-laureate interessate a una carriera nel settore commerciale. L'evento, si legge in una nota, si terra' il 16 e il 17 maggio presso la sede romana della societa' e offre la possibilita' di competere per uno stage in P&G. Entro il 1* maggio le studentesse interessate potranno iscriversi alla competizione sostenendo due test online disponibili sul sito della societa'.Il primo quiz valutera' la personalita' delle candidate mentre la seconda prova vertera' sulla logica, con la richiesta finale di inviare il proprio curriculum. Una volta superati i test, le partecipanti selezionate potranno trascorrere un'intera giornata con le leader della divisione commerciale di P&G e conoscere le opportunita' che questo settore offre. com/fmz federica.mazzarella@mfdowjones.it (fine) MF-DJ NEWS Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere   seconda   Sales Edition   Future Female Leaders   edizione Potrebbero interessarti anche cerca case e appartamenti Inserisci comune Le News più lette Tutte 1. Per Mediaset il peggior bilancio della storia 19/04/2017 2. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per giovedì 20 aprile 20/04/2017 3. Benessere in un battito con Fitbit Alta HR 20/04/2017 4. Borse Ue, atteso avvio cauto 20/04/2017 5. Unicredit: reazione in extremis dal supporto a 13-12,90 19/04/2017 Le News piu' commentate Tutte 1. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per martedì 21 marzo 21/03/2017 2. Unicredit: già raggiunto il nuovo supporto a 13-12,90 euro 13/04/2017 3. Unicredit: nuovo tentativo di allungo oltre 14,70 euro 21/03/2017 4. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per mercoledì 22 marzo 22/03/2017 5. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per venerdì 24 marzo 24/03/2017 Le News piu' votate Tutte 1. Ftse Mib: ondata ribassista verso il supporto a 19.350 punti 19/04/2017 2. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per venerdì 7 aprile 07/04/2017 3. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per martedì 21 marzo 21/03/2017 4. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per venerdì 24 marzo 24/03/2017 5. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per mercoledì 12 aprile 12/04/2017 Class Editori MFIU ItaliaOggi ClassHorse.TV Global Finance MFfashion Fashion Summit Class Life Guide di Class ClassMeteo Video Center MF Video Center IO RadioClassica Eccellenza Italia MFConference Class Abbonamenti Classpubblicità Salone dello studente Campus.it Immobiliare.it Supporto Norme Help Faq Contattaci Note sull'utilizzo dei dati Info panieri MF ITALY Milano Finanza Interattivo © Milano Finanza Partita IVA 08931350154 chiudi  LOGOUT LOGIN Edicola MF / Milano Finanza ItaliaOggi La Mia Edicola Archivio I Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Patrimoni aprile Patrimoni settembre Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni News Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute MF Dow Jones Tecnologia Archivio Mercati Borsa in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Cambio valuta Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online TECNOLOGIA Opinioni Orsi & Tori Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni di titoli Gli alert sui miei titoli Patrimoni Web Annuario investitore My MF Logout Status utente Login Per registrarsi Per abbonarsi Newsletter Video

Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Emerging Global Oral Care Market (Toothbrush, Tooth Whitener, Denture Care And Toothpaste) Size, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021) The report entitled Global Oral Care Market (Toothbrush, Tooth Whitener, Denture Care and Toothpaste) Size, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021), provides analysis of the global oral care market, with detailed analysis of market size by value, by share of players, by segments, by region, etc. The report also includes the oral care market analysis of the following regions: The US, India, China, Brazil, Mexico and the UK. Furthermore, the report also assesses the key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the industry. Growth of the overall global oral care market has also been forecasted for the years 2017-2021, taking into consideration the previous growth patterns, the growth drivers and the current and future trends. Colgate-Palmolive, Procter & Gamble (P & G), Unilever and GlaxoSmithKline are some of the key players operating in the global oral care market, whose company profiling has been done in the report. In this segment of the report, business overview, financial overview and business strategies of the companies are provided. Get The Sample Copy Of This Report : www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/1064497 Country Coverage The US India China Brazil Mexico The UK Company Coverage Colgate-Palmolive Unilever Glaxo Smith Kline P&G Executive Summary Oral hygiene primarily focuses on the hygiene of teeth and mouth. Teeth, very important to eat food, are of many types like incisors, canines, premolars, molars and third molars. Each type of teeth plays a specific role, like canines are important to rip the food while molars are required to crush, chew and grind the food. View Full Report : www.marketresearchreports.biz/analysis/1064497 Oral hygiene is one of the major health preferences people are focusing on now. Oral hygiene involves all activities which helps in maintaining the cleanliness of the mouth and teeth like brushing, flossing, mouth rinse, balanced diet etc. to keep the oral problems like dental cavities, periodontal diseases, tooth loss, oral cancer, thrush, noma etc. at the bay. Oral care market can be segmented on the basis of products into toothbrush, toothpaste, dental dentures, etc. Global oral care market is expected to increase with steady growth rates during the forecasted period 2017-2021. Global oral care market is supported by various growth drivers, such as, increase in ageing population, advancing technology, increasing oral care awareness, etc. Still, the market faces certain hindrances and challenges, such as, increasing oral hygiene product cost, rising competition, lack of awareness of advanced dental products, etc. Few trends of the market are automated toothbrush, region specific product launch, raising popularity of the whitening toothpaste, online purchase of oral care products, etc. MarketResearchReports.biz supports your business intelligence needs with over 100,000 market research reports, company profiles, data books, and regional market data sheets in its repository. Our document database is updated by the hour, which means that you always have access to fresh data spanning over 300 industries and their sub-segments. State Tower 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 E: sales@marketresearchreports.biz This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hematology Analyzers Market Global Industry by Top Manufacturers, Type & Application, Growth, Demand Analysis & Forecasts 2022 Next PostNext The US SaaS Mortgage Software Market Technology Avancement, Emerging Evolution, Size, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021) Search Recent Posts United Hunter Oil and Gas Corp. Announces a Non-Brokered Private Placement AlarmForce Announces Declaration of Dividend of $0.045 per Share Tolima Gold Inc. announces director resignation Firan Technology Group Corporation Announces Results of AGM Dream Hard Asset Alternatives Trust Reports Sale of Co-Owned Office Asset Proudly powered by WordPress
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » P$G, Future Group join hands to crack Indian retail puzzle Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone P&G, Future Group join hands to crack Indian retail puzzleSagar Malviya The two companies have met nearly four times over the year in India and the global HQs of P&G at Cincinnati to take their association beyond the retailer-client relationship. In India, Future Group has the widest network with around 13 million square feet of retail space in 221 cities. | ET Bureau | Updated: Apr 19, 2017, 08.46 AM IST This will allow P&G to bring newer brands and categories into India which can be incubated in modern stores th... Read More MUMBAI: Procter & Gamble (P&G), the world's biggest consumer goods company, has tied up with Future Group for joint sales forecasting and planning, exclusive product releases and the companies will embed officials from each at the headquarters and be part of supplychain initiatives. The two companies have met nearly four times over the year in India and the global headquarters of P&G at Cincinnati to take their association beyond the retailer-client relationship. P&G's global CEO David Taylor is currently in India for the MoU, which will be akin to the one it has with Walmart in the US. ET first reported on their likely alliance last year in October. "It will help us to grow sales and for P&G, it will lead to an increased market share. There will be collaboration in a lot of things including supply chain, planning strategies and managing shelf space," said Kishore Biyani, founder of Future Group, which is the country's laryer gest retail firm. Globally, P&G sells about 14% of its annual sales or nearly $10 billion worth of consumer goods through Walmart. In India, Future Group has the widest network with around 13 million square feet of retail space in 221 cities through a 800-strong store network of supermarket brands such as Big Bazaar, EasyDay and Nilgiris. Future Group is also a large buyer from big clients operating in India including Hindustan Unilever and Nestle. However, Biyani asserts "Rest are transactional relationships but this is a strategic one." P&G's three entities in India, which sell products ranging from detergents and shampoo to razors and sanitary napkins, have a combined revenue of under $2 billion, less than 3% of its overall global sales. The business pales in comparison with Unilever's at nearly thrice as big in the country with products across price points. "It is standard practice for us to engage with our partners across the retail landscape including all our partners in modern retail, e-commerce and traditional retail to develop unique plans that create superior value for the shopper," said aP&G spokesperson. Unlike the Indian unit of Anglo-Dutch rival, P&G has been more focused on premium products that generate high sales at modern trade outlets in contrast to its rivals' route of stocking several mass brands on retail shelves. Experts said they can align their needs with that of a retailer. "This will allow P&G to bring newer brands and categories into India which can be incubated in modern stores through our stores," said Devendra Chawla, group president of FMCG and brands at Future Group. P&G has invested Rs 2,000 crore in India in the past four years, mainly to set up manufacturing units to reduce dependence on pricier imports. At present, it has seven manufacturing facilities in six states, accounting for more than 90% of its products sold in the subcontinent. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web One Family, One Pose, 22 Years In A Row The Brofessional New Jersey Landlines Get Replaced (But Not With Cell Phones) Consumer Daily Ads Ted Danson's Net Worth Doesn't Make Any Sense, Leaves Holl.. Semesterz More from The Times of India Sara Ali Khan to have 3 bikini scenes in ‘SOTY2’ Adityanath’s rise marks the end of a 100-year-old battle Kapil's alleged ex goes off twitter From the Web More From The Times of India The World’s Richest Actresses Ranked By Their Net WorthMommyThing All you need is love (and these shoes)Clarks Ideas for Great Date Nights All Year Round in ConnecticutConnecticut Tourism The Site All Women Just Love, See WhyTophatter 9 Things That Make Some People Ideal CEOs and Some NotRussell Reynolds Search Firm OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Humour: Twitter reacts to Akki's National Award ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Jeweller gets 2-year jail term for hiding his Swiss bank account Vijay Mallya arrested in London, gets bail IPL 2017: RCB’s Chris Gayle first to 10,000 runs in T20 cricket 10 Bollywood directors who are also great actors Ad: CRITICSUNION RIL overtakes TCS, becomes the most valued company Shares of Reliance Industries rallied for a fifth straight trading session to hit the Rs 1,400 mark for the first time since May 2008 and become India's most valuable company in terms of market capitalisation (m-cap) in intra-day trade. IMF boosts global economic forecast for 2017 The International Monetary Fund offered a sunnier outlook for the global economy in 2017, predicting growth of 3.5 percent this year. Still, the IMF warned the world economy still "faces headwinds" and warns against protectionism. From around the Web What Could Be Causing Your ED? WebMD 3 Ways to Clean Like a Pro This Spring Pro Construction Guide | The Home Depot The Cost of Shadow IT: More Than You Know Mitel Big Data. Big Opportunities. Find Your Context More From The Times of India Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Rishi Kapoor lashes out at Tabu's sister Show sporting spirit in real life also: SC to Paes Read MorewalmartProcter & GambleIndian retail marketHindustan UniLeverFuture group Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Tata Steel plans $663 mn payout for one-time UK pension settlement under new scheme Myntra acqui-hires logistics co After Flipkart, SoftBank eyes a stake in Paytm Dirty Tanker Fixtures - April 18 1P&G, Future Group join hands to crack Indian retail puzzle 2Tata Steel plans $663 mn payout for one-time UK pension settlement under new scheme 3Myntra acqui-hires logistics co 4After Flipkart, SoftBank eyes a stake in Paytm 5Dirty Tanker Fixtures - April 18 Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Vijay Mallya arrested TTV Dinakaran WWE Raw Results Vijay Mallya  Pannerselvam RCB vs DD RCB vs GL Live Score Yogi Adityanath AIADMK News Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web MCD Election 2017 DD vs RPS Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Mollywood News Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Pune Accident IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Narada case AIADMK Sunny Leone Photos xXx Bahubali 2 Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Notable Tuesday Option Activity: PG, GNC, DDD Shutterstock photo Looking at options trading activity among components of the Russell 3000 index, there is noteworthy activity today in Procter & Gamble Co. (Symbol: PG), where a total volume of 42,827 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 4.3 million underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). That number works out to 62.5% of PG’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 6.9 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $87.50 strike call option expiring April 21, 2017 , with 7,760 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 776,000 underlying shares of PG. Below is a chart showing PG’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $87.50 strike highlighted in orange: GNC Holdings Inc (Symbol: GNC) saw options trading volume of 18,442 contracts, representing approximately 1.8 million underlying shares or approximately 59.2% of GNC’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 3.1 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $10 strike call option expiring April 21, 2017 , with 3,821 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 382,100 underlying shares of GNC. Below is a chart showing GNC’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $10 strike highlighted in orange: And 3D Systems Corp. (Symbol: DDD) saw options trading volume of 9,823 contracts, representing approximately 982,300 underlying shares or approximately 56.7% of DDD’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.7 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $15.50 strike call option expiring April 21, 2017 , with 1,620 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 162,000 underlying shares of DDD. Below is a chart showing DDD’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $15.50 strike highlighted in orange: For the various different available expirations for PG options , GNC options , or DDD options , visit StockOptionsChannel.com. Today’s Most Active Call & Put Options of the S&P 500 » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Globalstar Is on Life Support. Will It Survive? Next PostNext This is Audi’s Tesla-Model-S Fighter. Will it Sell? Search Recent Posts PLx Pharma and Dipexium Pharmaceuticals Complete Merger The Fight to be the World’s Largest Internet Retailer: ‘Amazon vs Alibaba’ Market Research Report 2017 Hyundai Mobis nimmt lokale Produktion von Automobil-Hauptkomponenten (Leuchten) in Europa auf Mr. Beer Teams Up With Funky Buddha Brewery to Release Hop Stimulator Double IPA Homebrew Recipe Active Pacific Storm Pattern Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports AFP Showtime in Shanghai as automakers race for China edge Reuters Prosecutors call for 2-year probation for Jakarta governor over blasphemy charges Reuters Emma Stone turns down teen boy's prom invite AsiaOne 8 JCs to merge in 2019 due to falling cohort sizes: MOE China Daily/ANN Shanghai still top spot for those moving from abroad Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital AFP Showtime in Shanghai as automakers race for China edge Reuters Prosecutors call for 2-year probation for Jakarta governor over blasphemy charges Reuters Emma Stone turns down teen boy's prom invite AsiaOne 8 JCs to merge in 2019 due to falling cohort sizes: MOE China Daily/ANN Shanghai still top spot for those moving from abroad Singapore AFP Showtime in Shanghai as automakers race for China edge Reuters Prosecutors call for 2-year probation for Jakarta governor over blasphemy charges Reuters Emma Stone turns down teen boy's prom invite AsiaOne 8 JCs to merge in 2019 due to falling cohort sizes: MOE China Daily/ANN Shanghai still top spot for those moving from abroad Business AFP Showtime in Shanghai as automakers race for China edge Reuters Prosecutors call for 2-year probation for Jakarta governor over blasphemy charges Reuters Emma Stone turns down teen boy's prom invite AsiaOne 8 JCs to merge in 2019 due to falling cohort sizes: MOE China Daily/ANN Shanghai still top spot for those moving from abroad Malaysia AFP Showtime in Shanghai as automakers race for China edge Reuters Prosecutors call for 2-year probation for Jakarta governor over blasphemy charges Reuters Emma Stone turns down teen boy's prom invite AsiaOne 8 JCs to merge in 2019 due to falling cohort sizes: MOE China Daily/ANN Shanghai still top spot for those moving from abroad Asia AFP Showtime in Shanghai as automakers race for China edge Reuters Prosecutors call for 2-year probation for Jakarta governor over blasphemy charges Reuters Emma Stone turns down teen boy's prom invite AsiaOne 8 JCs to merge in 2019 due to falling cohort sizes: MOE China Daily/ANN Shanghai still top spot for those moving from abroad World AFP Showtime in Shanghai as automakers race for China edge Reuters Prosecutors call for 2-year probation for Jakarta governor over blasphemy charges Reuters Emma Stone turns down teen boy's prom invite AsiaOne 8 JCs to merge in 2019 due to falling cohort sizes: MOE China Daily/ANN Shanghai still top spot for those moving from abroad Forum Services Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury Showtime in Shanghai as automakers race for China edge Prosecutors call for 2-year probation for Jakarta governor over blasphemy charges Emma Stone turns down teen boy's prom invite 8 JCs to merge in 2019 due to falling cohort sizes: MOE Shanghai still top spot for those moving from abroad Twitter pokes fun at millions found in Nigerian apartment - Rare giant shipworm found in Philippines Is a baby on the way for newlyweds Aaron Kwok and Moka Fang? Football: Tiong Bahru FC amassed $37 million from jackpot revenue Family asks Korean media company CJ to apologise for employee's suicide Victoria Beckham gets royal recognition New "Australian values" test planned for citizenship Asia Sophia Yan Thursday, Apr 20, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Tags makeup animal testing Asia In China, big cosmetics firms are selling products tested on animals China Daily/ANN | Sophia Yan | Thursday, Apr 20, 2017 "And we have to explain it's because we really don't want to torture some bunnies." Photo: Reuters Sophia Yan China Daily/ANN Thursday, Apr 20, 2017 When entrepreneur Phoebe Song launched her organic, vegan skincare line, she had big plans to sell around the world, including in China, the world's largest consumer market. But she stopped cold after learning that the Chinese government mandated animal testing for imported cosmetics and skincare products. "As a vegan brand, we are really not cool with animals getting sprayed in the face," said Song, who owns Snow Fox Skincare. "It sucks, because China is a huge market … it's a lot of money. China requires skincare and cosmetics firms to submit to compulsory animal testing in government labs before regulators approve products for sale in the country. For brands like Song's Snow Fox, these regulations mean either allowing animal testing, or losing access to a market worth US$29 billion (S$40 billion) last year, according to Euromonitor. Experts say all firms selling to Chinese consumers now undergo animal testing for their products, including major foreign brands L'Oreal, Estee Lauder, Shiseido, and Proctor & Gamble. None of those firms, among the top foreign cosmetics and skincare companies selling in China, responded to a request for comment. Those companies state online that they do not engage in animal testing, but insert language that indicates exceptions are made where required. For instance, Estee Lauder says it "does not test on animals and we never ask others to do so on our behalf," according to a statement on its website. "If a regulatory body demands it for its safety or regulatory assessment, an exception can be made." A 2013 estimate by the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals found that China's mandatory regulations resulted in companies testing products on as many as 300,000 animals, according to the organisation's senior vice president, Kathy Guillermo, who explained that an animal is killed after a test. While there are alternative ways of testing the safety of beauty products, for instance, by using 3-D tissue models, experts said China currently lacks the know-how. "They're just completely behind the curve in learning about the new science," said Erin Hill, president of US-based Institute of In Vitro Sciences, which is training Chinese government scientists in new methods. IIVS also partners with companies, including foreign brands in China, to work on non-animal testing procedures. Some change is happening: Late last year, the government moved to accept safety data collected through a non-animal test method, the 3T3 phototoxicity assay, which measures the safety of a chemical after exposure to light. The government hasn't said if this test is yet in use. And in some provinces, companies domestically manufacturing ordinary products, like lotion and soap, can now apply to waive the animal testing requirements. L'Oreal is one of the firms taking advantage of this, and some of its products, such as shampoo and body wash, are no longer animal tested in China, according to its website. But China's murky regulatory environment is difficult to navigate and experts said getting such approvals can be spotty. "It's a big task to make this shift - it comes down to having the right laboratories, the people skilled in these different methods, and also access to the equipment and the supplies you need," Hill said. Pressure is increasing for China to adapt, as animal testing gets banned in more jurisdictions, including Europe, Australia, India and Israel. In the US, it has long been abandoned from standard practice. Plus, if domestic Chinese firms want to sell abroad - especially in countries where such testing is no longer allowed - they'll need to substantiate the safety of their products via non-animal methods. National regulator China Food and Drug Administration didn't respond to a request for comment. For Hong Kong-based Song, she's simply decided not to sell her vegan products in China at the moment, despite the market potential. But sticking it out means sometimes, consumers don't cut her much slack. "They say, 'you're supposed to be a big global brand - what global brand doesn't have sales channels in China?" Song said. "And we have to explain it's because we really don't want to torture some bunnies." Sign up for our e-newsletter now! Get all the latest news, lifestyle and trending stories, delivered to your inbox! Name Email Address I have read and accept the Privacy Policy Please wait No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. follow us SHOPPING Truffle Any Food You Love Now! Bluetooth Wall Echo Speaker Bar Only $50! Enjoy Healthy Smoothie On The Go Only At $29.90! 100% Original Remax Power Bank On Sale! About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Features / Indian ad with transgender mom stirs debate — and tears Indian ad with transgender mom stirs debate — and tears Posted on Wednesday, April 19, 2017 by CNN in Features An advert challenging the norms of a traditional family in India has gone viral, with more than 9 million views on YouTube. The ad’s storyline pushes the issue of transgender rights within the country and reveals the human side of the issue in just three and a half minutes. Released online on March 31, the commercial by medicine company Vicks tells the true story of Gayatri, a young Indian orphan who was adopted by Gauri Sawant, a 37-year-old Mumbai-based transgender woman and social activist. On a bus on her way to boarding school, Gayatri recalls her life and how she was adopted by Sawant after her birth mother was taken away in an ambulance, never coming back. Throughout the ad, we catch glimpses of Sawant but she is only revealed in full when Gayatri turns to her and says, “This is my mom. Isn’t she lovely?” Gayatri says Sawant sends her to boarding school because she wants her to become a doctor. But in the final scene, Gayatri says she would rather become a lawyer, suggesting she would rather fight for the rights that her mother is denied as a transgender Indian. Trans people cannot legally adopt children in India. A non-traditional family The commercial features the real Gayatri and Gauri Sawant. Gayatri was 6 years old when her mother, a sex worker, died of AIDS. Gauri, her mother’s friend, decided to raise her as her own and is doing it “against all odds,” the advert states as she is unable to legally adopt the child herself. Commenting online, the ad’s director Neeraj Ghaywan was keen to point out that Sawant plays herself in the commercial. “Just hoping someday the world will be as one,” he wrote. In a statement, Nitin Darbari, a spokesman for Vicks’ parent company, Procter and Gamble, said the company was hoping to highlight “the importance of care beyond just the traditional perception of family.” “The campaign shows how people who, though not connected by blood, end up being family through care itself,” Darbari said. The video forms part of the company’s #TouchOfCare campaign and since its release online, has had an overwhelming number of comments, with the majority being positive. Similar views have been shared on Twitter. Politician Shashi Tharoor, who had been at the forefront of a now rejected bill that sought to decriminalize gay sex, tweeted his support of the ad’s messaging. But actress, artist and transgender rights activist Kalki Subramaniam has mixed views. While she can see it from the public’s perspective, as an activist she questions the benefit the ad will have on transgender communities. “Yes, this ad promotes transgender rights, our rights as mothers, our rights in social and civil activities, and our right as a citizen but the one thing I don’t like about this ad is that it sensationalizes an issue,” Subramaniam told CNN. “This is a trend in India. People are using transgender people because it gets a lot of attention but the community is still begging and doing sex work. What are they giving back to the community?” she asked. Limited progress to date India’s transgender community, known as “hijras,” can date their origins as far back as 3,000 years ago with mentions in the Hindu epics “Mahabharata” and “Ramayana.” During the Mughal Empire, which ruled the Indian subcontinent between 1526 and 1858, they are believed to have held significant power, serving as royal advisers and protectors of royal harems. Their status deteriorated rapidly however during the British empire. In a paper, Dr M. Michelraj from Annamalai University in India wrote that the British “vigorously sought to criminalize the hijra community and to deny them their civil rights.” The legacy of this stigmatization lingered and the community continued to face discrimination after independence, often being pushed to the edges of society and forced to depend on sex work to get by. But in recent years, India has made strides when it comes to transgender rights. In a landmark vote in 2014, India’s Supreme Court granted the country’s “hijra,” or transgender people, and those classified as third-gender the right to self-identify without sex reassignment surgery. It is one of 20 countries that has passed some form of legislation recognizing their status. The ruling in India enabled transgender people equal access to education, health care and employment, as well as protection from discrimination, with Sawant being one of the original petitioners to challenge the government, resulting in the passage of the law. “India is very progressive. A person can choose his or her gender, you don’t need to have a medical certificate. This speaks of our constitutional morality and recognizes gender politics,” said Akkai Padmashali, a transgender activist and founder of Ondede, a Bangalore-based NGO that works with the LGBT community. But transgender people — along with same-sex couples — still cannot legally adopt children in India. Subramaniam believes change comes slowly. “Passing a law doesn’t change society overnight … the government, the public, the activists need to work together to promote transgender rights and equality,” said Subramaniam. For Padmashali, the Vicks advert is a small step in stirring debate on this issue and bringing it to a wider audience. “The transgender community has been socially excluded for so many centuries,” she said. “(The advert) shows society that we are human beings. To adopt or to have a child is beyond your gender or sexuality. Gauri Sawant’s life story is a model for society.” How prisons keep their suicidal inmates on watch Related Posts ‘Billions’ second season looks less like a sure thing Lying may be your brain’s fault, honestly Swedish singer wins Eurovision contest An Airbnb for those who need it the most Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Global Forecast to 2022 NY, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/19/2017 — Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Deodorant & Antiperspirant in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1191743-global-deodorant-antiperspirant-market-research-report-2017 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Henkel Loreal Procter & Gamble Unilever Dove Nivea Soft & Gentle Amway Clinique A.P. Deauville Secret Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1191743-global-deodorant-antiperspirant-market-research-report-2017 On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Physical Type Chemical Type Microbial Type Plant Type Compound Type On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Deodorant & Antiperspirant for each application, including Medical Personal Use If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Table of Contents Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Research Report 2017 1 Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Deodorant & Antiperspirant 1.2 Deodorant & Antiperspirant Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Physical Type 1.2.4 Chemical Type 1.2.5 Microbial Type 1.2.6 Plant Type 1.2.7 Compound Type 1.3 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Segment by Application 1.3.1 Deodorant & Antiperspirant Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Medical 1.3.3 Personal Use 1.4 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Deodorant & Antiperspirant (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Deodorant & Antiperspirant Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Deodorant & Antiperspirant Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Deodorant & Antiperspirant Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Deodorant & Antiperspirant Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Deodorant & Antiperspirant Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Deodorant & Antiperspirant Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Deodorant & Antiperspirant Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1191743 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Non Woven Face Mask Market- Growth Opportunities by Regions, Type and Application; Trends Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Construction in Egypt Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Offer: Special Congressional Publications HNI Corporation Reports Earnings For First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Core Lab Reports First Quarter 2017 Results: E-Bike Market is anticipated to have a Lucrative CAGR of 4% worldwide by 2022 2021 Future Outlook of Small UAV Industry Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search With O'Reilly Gone, All Eyes on Advertisers By Jeanine Poggi - 37 minutes ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Intel, Tecate, Audi and More 1 hour ago Array 0 Four Things to Expect From Maurice Levy's Last Earnings Call on Thursday By Emma Hall - 1 hour ago Array 0 Lowdown: These Brands Slipped Through YouTube's Safety Check 2 hours ago Array 0 Financial Times Says Paid Posts Up 400% Following Acquisition of Alpha Grid By George Slefo - 2 hours ago Array 0 These Brands Slipped Through YouTube's Safety Check 2 hours ago 0 With O'Reilly Gone, All Eyes on Advertisers By Jeanine Poggi - 37 minutes ago 0 Financial Times Says Paid Posts Up 400% Following Acquisition of Alpha Grid By George Slefo - 2 hours ago 0 In a Fight to Stay Relevant, Niche Cable Nets Bank on Audience Targeting By Jeanine Poggi - 4 hours ago 0 Is This AI or BS? Artificial Intelligence Is All the Rage, but Sometimes It's Just Hype By Kate Kaye - 10 hours ago 0 Introducing Ad Age's 25 Marketing Technology Trailblazers 2017 - 2 days ago 0 'Consumers Are Angry': Understanding the Internet Backlash Over Snapchat By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Marketing Technology Explained: Everything You Need Know By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Why Snapchat Might Be the Next Twitter (Not in a Good Way) By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Buck Up, United Airlines! You'll Be OK! By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: These Brands Slipped Through YouTube's Safety Check Published on April 19, 2017. The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Hello's 'An Inconvenient Tooth' Credit: Hello via YouTube YouTube's brand-safety crisis has scared off many advertisers, but some seem relatively unconcerned. Hello's new "An Inconvenient Tooth" video from 72andSunny played Monday just after a YouTube post of Steve Stephens' Facebook Live rant about plans to kill people in Cleveland. (Stephens also posted a video of a live murder on Easter, and was found dead Tuesday, apparently of a self-inflicted gunshot, in Pennsylvania.) A spokeswoman for Hello said the brand knew going in such placements were possible, but added: "Google has been a great partner in helping address it." Then there's a Cincinnati-based household name, not Procter & Gamble Co., but Roto-Rooter, whose ad from Curiosity Advertising showing a home drain-cleaning remedy has appeared in recent weeks with several questionable videos cited by brand-safety watchdog Eric Feinberg of Gipec (including the aforementioned Stephens video). A spokesman for Roto-Rooter said the company was under the impression that it had discontinued its YouTube Trueview Discovery advertising as of March 29 for brand-safety reasons, based on the advice of its digital agency, Dentsu's 360i. So he couldn't explain how one of its ads continued to show up on YouTube earlier this week, though he believed it could be a result of retargeting maintaining the ad in the system somehow. A Google spokesman didn't immediately respond to an e-mail request for comment. Overall, Feinberg has fewer examples of questionable placements to share lately, which suggests either Google's safeguards are working or the advertiser exodus creates fewer opportunities. Coke bested Pepsi last year, says a new report. We are already more than four months into the new year, but it's never too late to get a report card on 2016 brand performance. The latest one comes in the beverage industry where new data shows Coca-Cola outperforming PepsiCo last year. Soda's woes continued last year with both companies losing carbonated soft drink volume, according to a new report from industry tracker Beverage-Digest. But Coca-Cola showed modest improvement with soda volume across its brands falling by 0.7%, compared with 0.8% in 2015. PepsiCo's decline was 3.1%, matching 2015's loss, according to Beverage-Digest. Brand Coke actually eked out a 0.1 point share gain and now has 17.8% share of the soda category. Brand Pepsi lost 0.2 share points and now has 8.4% share. Turning to alcoholic beverages, Ogilvy is the new agency-of-record for Red Stripe beer, which is controlled by Heineken. The shop will run the global account from its Miami office. The Jamaican brew is plotting a new global campaign that will include a new music platform, according to a statement from Ogilvy. "This campaign will be a major step for Red Stripe as it will ground the brand's positioning in the territory and exemplify what Red Stripe means to its adorers. It will breathe new life into the brand around the world because it is exciting, visual and speaks to the core of what the brand is," stated Blandine Jean-Paul, head of marketing and innovations at Red Stripe. Urban Decay took over The New Stand at Union Square last week. Credit: Urban Decay Urban Decay literally went underground to market its latest offering, the Jean-Michel Basquiat collection. The L'Oreal USA brand hosted a surprise "pre-tail" and content partnership around the launch at The New Stand store at the Union Square station on New York's subway from April 10-17 in advance of the official April 20 launch. The graphic and product-assortment takeover was meant to be "slightly elusive and all sorts of cool," said a spokeswoman. The New Stand is a novel retail/digital marketing concept ("phygital," as some might say) launched 18 months ago that operates the Union Square store and two other New York locations backed by a mobile app that feeds users daily deals, new-product information, music and videos. "We actually do a decent amount of sales in health and beauty items" with a shopper base that skews female, said New Stand CEO Andrew Deitchman. But this is the first time a beauty brand has tried a store takeover (eBay and Refinery 29 have had similarly big events). Olly used The New Stand to hand out stress-relief vitamins on Election Day. But Deitchman said, "As it turned out maybe we should have tried the day after Election Day." In today's obvious pairings news, craft retailer Michael's and digital scrapbooking pioneer Pinterest are teaming up on DIY kits, which will be available first to Michael's Rewards customers starting April 20. Beyond begging the question of what took these two crazy kids so long to get together, the partnership will showcase popular home decor and style trends mined from Pinterest data. First up: shibori, the trendy dyeing technique. Pinterest found that searches for the trend are up 56% in the past year, with 2.6 million shibori ideas saved in 2016. The kits can only strengthen the already-strong Michael's brand with loyal customers, but they should also provide more offline awareness for the growing Pinterest. Earlier this year, the company debuted Shop the Look, where consumers can shop products via Buyable Pins from stores like Neiman Marcus and CB2. Dunkin' Donuts hot coffee is now available on Amtrak® Acela Express. Credit: Dunkin' Donuts You might say Amtrak runs on Dunkin'. Dunkin' Donuts original blend and decaf coffee are now being served on Amtrak's Acela Express trains along the Northeast Corridor, the busy route that runs from Boston through New York and south to Washington, D.C. Dunkin' and Amtrak, which kicked off the deal with a sampling event Wednesday in New York's Penn Station, said the coffee would be brewed using the same equipment Dunkin' uses in its restaurants. Dunkin's coffee will be added to the Northeast Regional trains that run on the same route starting later this year. The deal with Dunkin' only covers brewed coffee. Amtrak previously served a proprietary blend from a restaurant industry coffee packer on the Acela. Meanwhile, those who don't run on Dunkin' can still get a different java fix: Starbucks bottled iced coffee will remain for sale in the cafe car. Kobe Bryant, who is filling his post-hoops-retirement days with creative and branding pursuits, will on Saturday premiere an animated short film called "Dear Basketball" at the Tribeca Film Festival. He teamed with animator Glen Keane on the project, which " brings Bryant's retirement announcement to life through hand-drawn animation and a score written by legendary composer John Williams," according to an announcement about the red carpet premiere. Lastly, some executive moves … Kimberly-Clark Corp. has brought in a seasoned packaged-goods marketer from outside as president of its $8 billion North American consumer-products business. Larry Allgaier, who once ran Pampers' North American business for rival Procter & Gamble Co. during a 20-year career there, now comes to the marketer of Huggies and Pull-Ups. He succeeds and reports to Michael Hsu, who in November became chief operating officer and heir apparent to current Chairman-CEO Tom Falk. Hsu likewise came to K-C as an outsider from Kraft five years ago. Allgaier was most recently president of the Mars Petcare Veterinary Health Group, and before that of Mars' $4 billion North America Petcare business. He was also former global head of Novartis' over-the-counter medicines unit. Coty is building its digital marketing team by hiring Sean Foster as global senior VP-e-commerce strategy and execution. Foster, formerly CEO of Crowdtap, president of Avon online and head of marketing at Gilt.com, reports to Jason Forbes, chief digital and media officer. Forbes himself came to Coty from the outside in 2015 as CEO of Beamly, a digital content agency the company acquired. "Our priority is expanding consumer reach with better content on the right media platforms to drive sales in a highly fluid marketplace," Forbes said in a statement. "Sean's background is perfect for this." Contributing: Jack Neff, Jessica Wohl, Adrianne Pasquarelli, E.J. Schultz In this article: Beauty/Fashion Beverages CMO Strategy CPG Creativity Culture Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
SMI 8'532 0.0%  SPI 9'625 0.2%  Dow 20'404 -0.6%  DAX 12'016 0.1%  Euro 1.0696 0.0%  EStoxx50 3'421 0.3%  Gold 1'281 0.0%  Dollar 0.9958 -0.2%  Öl 53.3 0.4%  SMI 8'532 0.0%  SPI 9'625 0.2%  Dow 20'404 -0.6%  DAX 12'016 0.1%  Euro 1.0696 0.0%  EStoxx50 3'421 0.3%  Gold 1'281 0.0%  Dollar 0.9958 -0.2%  Öl 53.3 0.4%    Menu✖ Börse Aktien Aktienkurse Indizes Listen Strukturierte Produkte Suche Fonds Obligationen Rohstoffe Devisen Währungsrechner Zinsen News & Analysen News Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen myfinanzen Registrieren Passwort vergessen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen Suchen✖   Anmelden Registrieren? Fan werden   Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen News Analysen Experten Kolumnen Finanzplanung Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen Rubriken Ad-hoc Meldungen Börsenberichte Chartanalysen Emittentennews Fondsgesellschaft News Heute im Fokus Immobilien Interviews Konjunktur Steuern Versicherungen Vorsorge Zinsen BrandReport Quellen awp Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires fondstrends.ch Handelszeitung Hugin newsbox.ch Redaktion finanzen.ch Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Videoportal 19.04.2017 19:50:00 UTA appoints a world renowned researcher and distinguished scholar as Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs Tweet A A Teilen Drucken ARLINGTON, Texas, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Dr. Teik C. Lim, Dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of Cincinnati (UC), will be the next Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs of UTA, announced today by President Vistasp Karbhari. Dr. Lim, whose appointment takes effect June 30, 2017, is an experienced leader, accomplished scholar and innovator. Since 2012, Dr. Lim served as the 19th Dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of Cincinnati, overseeing significant growth in enrollment, reputation, faculty size, corporate partnerships, research funding and endowments.  A strong believer in collaboration, Dean Lim established a unique UC Simulation Center funded by P&G that now supports 75 research students from 5 colleges at the University of Cincinnati and was replicated at 3 other global sites, and strengthened the partnership between the College of Engineering and Applied Science, the College of Medicine and Cincinnati Children's Hospital through an interdisciplinary biomedical engineering initiative.  Lim also enhanced the University's global engagement programs including the establishment of a signature professional dual Master's degree with international partners in Europe and Asia, and the Joint Engineering Co-op Institute in partnership with Chongqing University in China – the first such mandatory co-op program in the country for engineers. As an advocate for entrepreneurship, he not only strengthened the highly regarded UC cooperative education program, but also significantly enhanced it to focus on the innovation economy. "The selection committee was extremely impressed with Dr. Teik C. Lim's depth of experience and established record of devising innovative ways of addressing conventional challenges in a university environment," said Duane Dimos, Vice President for Research at UTA and chair of the search committee. As dean, Dr. Lim focused on substantially enhancing student success at the undergraduate and graduate levels though programmatic and curricular advances, increased the emphasis on innovation and entrepreneurship in engineering instruction, and strengthened interdisciplinary research through the establishment of data analytics and water research clusters. He led the expansion of the college's Emerging Ethnic Engineering (E3) program to promote minority student participation and success in STEM fields.  He also directed a faculty hiring campaign that focused on diversity and multidisciplinary skills, resulting in close to 50 new teaching and research faculty over 3 years, substantially increasing the College's representation of women and underrepresented faculty. "The Committee selected Dr. Lim from a deep pool of distinguished candidates," said search committee member Teresa Doughty, Dean of the UTA College of Education. "Dr. Lim's success in leading interdisciplinary and collaborative initiatives and his expertise in so many areas in which UTA is already excelling, particularly in championing diversity of student body and faculty, made him the ideal selection to contribute to our continued upward trajectory." "I'm thrilled to welcome Dr. Lim to UTA and would like to thank the search committee for recruiting an exceptional scholar, researcher, and advocate of collaboration and global engagement," said President Vistasp Karbhari. "His dedication to excellence and student success along with his proactive and highly successful record in engagement with the corporate world and with the local and global community make him the ideal candidate to continue our drive to ever higher levels of excellence."  Lim will work in close partnership with the President to provide overall leadership for the campus. As Provost and Vice President of Academic Affairs he will oversee academic administration and student success programs, and direct reports will include the Deans of the academic units and other areas. "We are most indebted to outgoing Provost Ron Elsenbaumer for his many years of excellent service to The University of Texas at Arlington," said Karbhari. "His contributions have been key to the tremendous progress we have made and will leave a lasting impression on this great university." "UTA's aspiration to become the Model 21st Century Urban Research University, an institution on the move, and the excellent team President Karbhari has assembled are what attracted me to this position," said Dr. Lim.  "The University already has all the necessary elements to achieve its ambition – enrollment growing by leaps and bounds; a very diverse student body; and a campus situated in a thriving, dynamic and very large Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex with strong global connections. I believe my experiences position me well to collaborate with the deans and faculty effectively, and to support UTA's commitment to access and excellence." Peter E. Landgren, Interim Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs and Provost at UC, noted that while the loss of an accomplished colleague to another institution is always sad, "It is joyous when someone of the interdisciplinary and interpersonal talents as Teik C. Lim is recognized for greater leadership potential. I know I speak for many at the University of Cincinnati in thanking Dean Lim for advancing the College of Engineering and Applied Science in multiple ways, and wishing him the best in his new role as Provost at UTA." Dr. Lim earned his Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Technological University, his Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Missouri-Rolla, and his Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering at the Ohio State University.   He worked as a Project Engineer and Senior Engineer at Structural Dynamics Research Corporation before joining The Ohio State University Center for Automotive Research as a research scientist. He taught at the University of Alabama beginning in 1998 as Associate Professor before joining the University of Cincinnati in 2002, where he advanced from Associate Professor, Professor and Department Head of Mechanical Engineering to Associate Dean for Graduate Studies and Research and, ultimately, Dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science. He served as Chair of the Council of Deans in 2015-16. Dr. Lim is a Fellow of ASME – the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, and of SAE – the Society of Automotive Engineers, from which he received numerous research and teaching awards such as the Arch T. Colwell Merit Award in 2003 and the Ralph R. Teetor Educational Award in 2002. He was also recognized with the Thomas French Alumni Achievement Award in 2010 and GearLab Distinguished Alumnus Award this year from his alma mater, The Ohio State University.  About The University of Texas at Arlington The University of Texas at Arlington is a Carnegie Research-1 "highest research activity" institution. With a projected global enrollment of close to 57,000 in Academic Year 2016-17. UTA is one of the largest institutions in the state of Texas. Guided by its Strategic Plan 2020 Bold Solutions|Global Impact, UTA fosters interdisciplinary research and education within four broad themes: health and the human condition, sustainable urban communities, global environmental impact, and data-driven discovery. UTA was recently cited by U.S. News & World Report as having the second lowest average student debt among U.S. universities. U.S. News & World Report lists UTA as having the fifth highest undergraduate diversity index among national universities. The University is a Hispanic-Serving Institution and is ranked as the top four-year college in Texas for veterans on Military Times' 2017 Best for Vets list. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/uta-appoints-a-world-renowned-researcher-and-distinguished-scholar-as-provost-and-vice-president-for-academic-affairs-300442020.html SOURCE The University of Texas at Arlington Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: Valor / ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: CHF Hinzufügen Speichern Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript für Kommentare powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Newssuche GO Inside (Anzeige) 08:31 SMI vor Nestlé-Zahlen stabil 19.04.17 Julius Bär Warrants - Trading Calendar 18.04.17 Vontobel: Mit 50% Sicherheitspuffer und 6.5% p.a. Coupon auf Ölunternehmen setzen 06.04.17 Produkte in Zeichnung: Worst-Of BRCs auf Schweizer Blue-Chips. 28.03.17 ideas Magazin - Luxus: Elegantes Shopping ist wieder en vogue mehr Inside Fonds (Anzeige) 08:00 J.P. Morgan AM: Schwellenländer-Aktien mit gutem ersten Quartal 07.02.17 Schroders: Schroders kauft für die Anlagegruppe Immobilien Europa Direkt (IED) ein grosses Einkaufszentrum ausserhalb Stockholm mehr Meistgelesene Nachrichten Konzernchef mit grossen Plänen: So will Nestlé seine Talfahrt stoppen Lindt-Aktie: Schoko-Aktien mit besonders verlockenden Renditen Nestlé wächst aus eigener Kraft stärker als erwartet Tesla-Aktie legt deutlich zu: Tencent steigt mit fünf Prozent ein Georg-Fischer-Aktionäre lehnen Vergütungsmodell ab SMI stabil erwartet -- DAX dürfte leichter eröffnen -- Asiens Börsen überwiegend mit kleinen Gewinnen Aktien Schweiz Schluss: Wenig verändert - Nestlé vor Zahlen schwach SMI beendet Mittwochshandel um Nulllinie -- DAX schliesst mit kleinem Gewinn -- Wall Street schliesst uneinheitlich Alpiq geht mit zwei Elektroboilern gegen die Stromflut vor Diese Aktien empfehlen die Experten zum Kauf Börse aktuell - Live Ticker SMI stabil erwartet -- DAX dürfte leichter eröffnen -- Asiens Börsen überwiegend mit kleinen Gewinnen TecDAX dürfte mit Verlust starten. Wall Street schliesst uneinheitlich. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien SMI  SPI  SLI  SMIM  DAX  EuroStoxx 50  Dow Jones  Nasdaq 100  Nikkei 225  S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung Schweizer Börse: 20 Min., Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH SMI  SMI Realtime  Goldpreis  Aktien  Kursliste SMI  Devisen  Dollarkurs  Eurokurs  Silberpreis  Fonds  Strukturierte Produkte  Warrants  Rohstoffe  Portfolio  Währungsrechner  Aktienkurse  Ölpreis  Leitzins  Börsenkurse Weitere Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG Online-Angebote: Beobachter | Bilanz | Bolero | Bolero (fr) | Glückspost | Handelszeitung | L'Hebdo | Le Temps | Partyguide.ch | PME Magazine | Schweizer Bank | Schweizer Illustrierte | Schweizer Landliebe | Schweizer Versicherung | Style | Students.ch | TV Star | TV 2 | TVvier | TV 8 | Usgang.ch
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman UTA appoints a world renowned researcher and distinguished scholar as Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs ARLINGTON, Texas, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Dr. Teik C. Lim, Dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of Cincinnati (UC), will be the next Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs of UTA, announced today by President Vistasp Karbhari. Dr. Lim, whose appointment takes effect June 30, 2017, is an experienced leader, accomplished scholar and innovator. Since 2012, Dr. Lim served as the 19th Dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of Cincinnati, overseeing significant growth in enrollment, reputation, faculty size, corporate partnerships, research funding and endowments.  A strong believer in collaboration, Dean Lim established a unique UC Simulation Center funded by P&G that now supports 75 research students from 5 colleges at the University of Cincinnati and was replicated at 3 other global sites, and strengthened the partnership between the College of Engineering and Applied Science, the College of Medicine and Cincinnati Children's Hospital through an interdisciplinary biomedical engineering initiative.  Lim also enhanced the University's global engagement programs including the establishment of a signature professional dual Master's degree with international partners in Europe and Asia, and the Joint Engineering Co-op Institute in partnership with Chongqing University in China – the first such mandatory co-op program in the country for engineers. As an advocate for entrepreneurship, he not only strengthened the highly regarded UC cooperative education program, but also significantly enhanced it to focus on the innovation economy. "The selection committee was extremely impressed with Dr. Teik C. Lim's depth of experience and established record of devising innovative ways of addressing conventional challenges in a university environment," said Duane Dimos, Vice President for Research at UTA and chair of the search committee. As dean, Dr. Lim focused on substantially enhancing student success at the undergraduate and graduate levels though programmatic and curricular advances, increased the emphasis on innovation and entrepreneurship in engineering instruction, and strengthened interdisciplinary research through the establishment of data analytics and water research clusters. He led the expansion of the college's Emerging Ethnic Engineering (E3) program to promote minority student participation and success in STEM fields.  He also directed a faculty hiring campaign that focused on diversity and multidisciplinary skills, resulting in close to 50 new teaching and research faculty over 3 years, substantially increasing the College's representation of women and underrepresented faculty. "The Committee selected Dr. Lim from a deep pool of distinguished candidates," said search committee member Teresa Doughty, Dean of the UTA College of Education. "Dr. Lim's success in leading interdisciplinary and collaborative initiatives and his expertise in so many areas in which UTA is already excelling, particularly in championing diversity of student body and faculty, made him the ideal selection to contribute to our continued upward trajectory." "I'm thrilled to welcome Dr. Lim to UTA and would like to thank the search committee for recruiting an exceptional scholar, researcher, and advocate of collaboration and global engagement," said President Vistasp Karbhari. "His dedication to excellence and student success along with his proactive and highly successful record in engagement with the corporate world and with the local and global community make him the ideal candidate to continue our drive to ever higher levels of excellence."  Lim will work in close partnership with the President to provide overall leadership for the campus. As Provost and Vice President of Academic Affairs he will oversee academic administration and student success programs, and direct reports will include the Deans of the academic units and other areas. "We are most indebted to outgoing Provost Ron Elsenbaumer for his many years of excellent service to The University of Texas at Arlington," said Karbhari. "His contributions have been key to the tremendous progress we have made and will leave a lasting impression on this great university." "UTA's aspiration to become the Model 21st Century Urban Research University, an institution on the move, and the excellent team President Karbhari has assembled are what attracted me to this position," said Dr. Lim.  "The University already has all the necessary elements to achieve its ambition – enrollment growing by leaps and bounds; a very diverse student body; and a campus situated in a thriving, dynamic and very large Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex with strong global connections. I believe my experiences position me well to collaborate with the deans and faculty effectively, and to support UTA's commitment to access and excellence." Peter E. Landgren, Interim Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs and Provost at UC, noted that while the loss of an accomplished colleague to another institution is always sad, "It is joyous when someone of the interdisciplinary and interpersonal talents as Teik C. Lim is recognized for greater leadership potential. I know I speak for many at the University of Cincinnati in thanking Dean Lim for advancing the College of Engineering and Applied Science in multiple ways, and wishing him the best in his new role as Provost at UTA." Dr. Lim earned his Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Technological University, his Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Missouri-Rolla, and his Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering at the Ohio State University.   He worked as a Project Engineer and Senior Engineer at Structural Dynamics Research Corporation before joining The Ohio State University Center for Automotive Research as a research scientist. He taught at the University of Alabama beginning in 1998 as Associate Professor before joining the University of Cincinnati in 2002, where he advanced from Associate Professor, Professor and Department Head of Mechanical Engineering to Associate Dean for Graduate Studies and Research and, ultimately, Dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science. He served as Chair of the Council of Deans in 2015-16. Dr. Lim is a Fellow of ASME – the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, and of SAE – the Society of Automotive Engineers, from which he received numerous research and teaching awards such as the Arch T. Colwell Merit Award in 2003 and the Ralph R. Teetor Educational Award in 2002. He was also recognized with the Thomas French Alumni Achievement Award in 2010 and GearLab Distinguished Alumnus Award this year from his alma mater, The Ohio State University.  About The University of Texas at Arlington The University of Texas at Arlington is a Carnegie Research-1 "highest research activity" institution. With a projected global enrollment of close to 57,000 in Academic Year 2016-17. UTA is one of the largest institutions in the state of Texas. Guided by its Strategic Plan 2020 Bold Solutions|Global Impact, UTA fosters interdisciplinary research and education within four broad themes: health and the human condition, sustainable urban communities, global environmental impact, and data-driven discovery. UTA was recently cited by U.S. News & World Report as having the second lowest average student debt among U.S. universities. U.S. News & World Report lists UTA as having the fifth highest undergraduate diversity index among national universities. The University is a Hispanic-Serving Institution and is ranked as the top four-year college in Texas for veterans on Military Times' 2017 Best for Vets list. SOURCE The University of Texas at Arlington CategoriesUncategorized TagsEducation, Higher Education, Personnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pimelic Acid Market Forecast to 2022 with Global Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand and Cost Structure Next PostNext PIR & Microwave Motion Sensor Market Overview, Demand, Size, Growth & Forecast 2019- Worldwide Analysis in Europe Search Recent Posts Venture Law Project Miami Announces New Advisory Board EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Surgical Robots for the Spine Market Report 2017 Global Uninterrupted Power Supplies (UPS) Sales Market Report 2017 Market Segment Global Camera Drones Market Professional Survey Report Forecast 2017-2021 Know All Things about the Asia-Pacific Myocardial Revascularization, Repair, and Regeneration Products and Therapies Market Report 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,404 -118.79 -0.58% Nasdaq 5,863 +13.56 +0.23% S&P 500 2,338 -4.02 -0.17% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.5% lower at 11,957.22 3:02 A.M. ET Updated Fund managers are loving European stocks despite the French election jitters 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,100.64 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% lower at 4,989.74 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 376.45 2:56 A.M. ET Unilever sales rise, but lag in Europe, U.S. 2:53 A.M. ET Debenhams profit falls; interim dividend unchanged 2:43 A.M. ET Updated This robot explains why you shouldn’t worry about artificial intelligence 2:36 A.M. ET Atlas Copco buys full control of Taiwan's CSKT 2:36 A.M. ET Sky profit falls 11% on soccer TV costs, ad slide 2:34 A.M. ET Moneysupermarket.com sees 2017 on track 2:34 A.M. ET Acacia Mining revenue up 6% on gold price rise 2:33 A.M. ET Unilever revenue rises 6.1% 2:18 A.M. ET Rio Tinto trims copper production target 2:17 A.M. ET Axel Springer buys stake in Uber 2:16 A.M. ET ECB officials warn on cutting stimulus too soon 2:15 A.M. ET National Grid plans share consolidation 2:11 A.M. ET German March producer prices steady in March 1:45 A.M. ET Pernod sales lifted by U.S., Europe markets 1:44 A.M. ET Publicis dragged down by loss of U.S. accounts Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release UTA appoints a world renowned researcher and distinguished scholar as Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs By Published: Apr 19, 2017 1:50 p.m. ET Share ARLINGTON, Texas, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Dr. Teik C. Lim, Dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of Cincinnati (UC), will be the next Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs of UTA, announced today by President Vistasp Karbhari. Dr. Lim, whose appointment takes effect June 30, 2017, is an experienced leader, accomplished scholar and innovator. Since 2012, Dr. Lim served as the 19 [th] Dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of Cincinnati, overseeing significant growth in enrollment, reputation, faculty size, corporate partnerships, research funding and endowments.  A strong believer in collaboration, Dean Lim established a unique UC Simulation Center funded by P&G that now supports 75 research students from 5 colleges at the University of Cincinnati and was replicated at 3 other global sites, and strengthened the partnership between the College of Engineering and Applied Science, the College of Medicine and Cincinnati Children's Hospital through an interdisciplinary biomedical engineering initiative.  Lim also enhanced the University's global engagement programs including the establishment of a signature professional dual Master's degree with international partners in Europe and Asia, and the Joint Engineering Co-op Institute in partnership with Chongqing University in China – the first such mandatory co-op program in the country for engineers. As an advocate for entrepreneurship, he not only strengthened the highly regarded UC cooperative education program, but also significantly enhanced it to focus on the innovation economy. "The selection committee was extremely impressed with Dr. Teik C. Lim's depth of experience and established record of devising innovative ways of addressing conventional challenges in a university environment," said Duane Dimos, Vice President for Research at UTA and chair of the search committee. As dean, Dr. Lim focused on substantially enhancing student success at the undergraduate and graduate levels though programmatic and curricular advances, increased the emphasis on innovation and entrepreneurship in engineering instruction, and strengthened interdisciplinary research through the establishment of data analytics and water research clusters. He led the expansion of the college's Emerging Ethnic Engineering (E3) program to promote minority student participation and success in STEM fields.  He also directed a faculty hiring campaign that focused on diversity and multidisciplinary skills, resulting in close to 50 new teaching and research faculty over 3 years, substantially increasing the College's representation of women and underrepresented faculty. "The Committee selected Dr. Lim from a deep pool of distinguished candidates," said search committee member Teresa Doughty, Dean of the UTA College of Education. "Dr. Lim's success in leading interdisciplinary and collaborative initiatives and his expertise in so many areas in which UTA is already excelling, particularly in championing diversity of student body and faculty, made him the ideal selection to contribute to our continued upward trajectory." "I'm thrilled to welcome Dr. Lim to UTA and would like to thank the search committee for recruiting an exceptional scholar, researcher, and advocate of collaboration and global engagement," said President Vistasp Karbhari. "His dedication to excellence and student success along with his proactive and highly successful record in engagement with the corporate world and with the local and global community make him the ideal candidate to continue our drive to ever higher levels of excellence."  Lim will work in close partnership with the President to provide overall leadership for the campus. As Provost and Vice President of Academic Affairs he will oversee academic administration and student success programs, and direct reports will include the Deans of the academic units and other areas. "We are most indebted to outgoing Provost Ron Elsenbaumer for his many years of excellent service to The University of Texas at Arlington," said Karbhari. "His contributions have been key to the tremendous progress we have made and will leave a lasting impression on this great university." "UTA's aspiration to become the Model 21 [st] Century Urban Research University, an institution on the move, and the excellent team President Karbhari has assembled are what attracted me to this position," said Dr. Lim.  "The University already has all the necessary elements to achieve its ambition – enrollment growing by leaps and bounds; a very diverse student body; and a campus situated in a thriving, dynamic and very large Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex with strong global connections. I believe my experiences position me well to collaborate with the deans and faculty effectively, and to support UTA's commitment to access and excellence." Peter E. Landgren, Interim Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs and Provost at UC, noted that while the loss of an accomplished colleague to another institution is always sad, "It is joyous when someone of the interdisciplinary and interpersonal talents as Teik C. Lim is recognized for greater leadership potential. I know I speak for many at the University of Cincinnati in thanking Dean Lim for advancing the College of Engineering and Applied Science in multiple ways, and wishing him the best in his new role as Provost at UTA." Dr. Lim earned his Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Technological University, his Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Missouri-Rolla, and his Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering at the Ohio State University.   He worked as a Project Engineer and Senior Engineer at Structural Dynamics Research Corporation before joining The Ohio State University Center for Automotive Research as a research scientist. He taught at the University of Alabama beginning in 1998 as Associate Professor before joining the University of Cincinnati in 2002, where he advanced from Associate Professor, Professor and Department Head of Mechanical Engineering to Associate Dean for Graduate Studies and Research and, ultimately, Dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science. He served as Chair of the Council of Deans in 2015-16. Dr. Lim is a Fellow of ASME – the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, and of SAE – the Society of Automotive Engineers, from which he received numerous research and teaching awards such as the Arch T. Colwell Merit Award in 2003 and the Ralph R. Teetor Educational Award in 2002. He was also recognized with the Thomas French Alumni Achievement Award in 2010 and GearLab Distinguished Alumnus Award this year from his alma mater, The Ohio State University.  About The University of Texas at Arlington The University of Texas at Arlington is a Carnegie Research-1 "highest research activity" institution. With a projected global enrollment of close to 57,000 in Academic Year 2016-17. UTA is one of the largest institutions in the state of Texas. Guided by its Strategic Plan 2020 Bold Solutions|Global Impact, UTA fosters interdisciplinary research and education within four broad themes: health and the human condition, sustainable urban communities, global environmental impact, and data-driven discovery. UTA was recently cited by U.S. News & World Report as having the second lowest average student debt among U.S. universities. U.S. News & World Report lists UTA as having the fifth highest undergraduate diversity index among national universities. The University is a Hispanic-Serving Institution and is ranked as the top four-year college in Texas for veterans on Military Times' 2017 Best for Vets list. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/uta-appoints-a-world-renowned-researcher-and-distinguished-scholar-as-provost-and-vice-president-for-academic-affairs-300442020.html SOURCE The University of Texas at Arlington Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular How the Trump stock market ranks as he nears his 100th day in office Book a private jet on your smartphone — for less than a first-class flight This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil The future of video games may be a full-body experience MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 2 839 0,3%  Dow 20 404 -0,6%  Nasdaq 5 400 0,2%  Euro 1,0741 0,3%  ATX P 1 438 0,2%  EStoxx50 3 421 0,3%  Nikkei 18 430 0,0%  CHF 1,0696 0,0%  DAX 12 016 0,1%  FTSE100 7 114 -0,5%  Öl 53,3 0,4%  Gold 1 281 0,0%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv 19.04.2017 19:50:00 A A Teilen Drucken UTA appoints a world renowned researcher and distinguished scholar as Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs Tweet ARLINGTON, Texas, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Dr. Teik C. Lim, Dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of Cincinnati (UC), will be the next Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs of UTA, announced today by President Vistasp Karbhari. Dr. Lim, whose appointment takes effect June 30, 2017, is an experienced leader, accomplished scholar and innovator. Since 2012, Dr. Lim served as the 19th Dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of Cincinnati, overseeing significant growth in enrollment, reputation, faculty size, corporate partnerships, research funding and endowments.  A strong believer in collaboration, Dean Lim established a unique UC Simulation Center funded by P&G that now supports 75 research students from 5 colleges at the University of Cincinnati and was replicated at 3 other global sites, and strengthened the partnership between the College of Engineering and Applied Science, the College of Medicine and Cincinnati Children's Hospital through an interdisciplinary biomedical engineering initiative.  Lim also enhanced the University's global engagement programs including the establishment of a signature professional dual Master's degree with international partners in Europe and Asia, and the Joint Engineering Co-op Institute in partnership with Chongqing University in China – the first such mandatory co-op program in the country for engineers. As an advocate for entrepreneurship, he not only strengthened the highly regarded UC cooperative education program, but also significantly enhanced it to focus on the innovation economy. "The selection committee was extremely impressed with Dr. Teik C. Lim's depth of experience and established record of devising innovative ways of addressing conventional challenges in a university environment," said Duane Dimos, Vice President for Research at UTA and chair of the search committee. As dean, Dr. Lim focused on substantially enhancing student success at the undergraduate and graduate levels though programmatic and curricular advances, increased the emphasis on innovation and entrepreneurship in engineering instruction, and strengthened interdisciplinary research through the establishment of data analytics and water research clusters. He led the expansion of the college's Emerging Ethnic Engineering (E3) program to promote minority student participation and success in STEM fields.  He also directed a faculty hiring campaign that focused on diversity and multidisciplinary skills, resulting in close to 50 new teaching and research faculty over 3 years, substantially increasing the College's representation of women and underrepresented faculty. "The Committee selected Dr. Lim from a deep pool of distinguished candidates," said search committee member Teresa Doughty, Dean of the UTA College of Education. "Dr. Lim's success in leading interdisciplinary and collaborative initiatives and his expertise in so many areas in which UTA is already excelling, particularly in championing diversity of student body and faculty, made him the ideal selection to contribute to our continued upward trajectory." "I'm thrilled to welcome Dr. Lim to UTA and would like to thank the search committee for recruiting an exceptional scholar, researcher, and advocate of collaboration and global engagement," said President Vistasp Karbhari. "His dedication to excellence and student success along with his proactive and highly successful record in engagement with the corporate world and with the local and global community make him the ideal candidate to continue our drive to ever higher levels of excellence."  Lim will work in close partnership with the President to provide overall leadership for the campus. As Provost and Vice President of Academic Affairs he will oversee academic administration and student success programs, and direct reports will include the Deans of the academic units and other areas. "We are most indebted to outgoing Provost Ron Elsenbaumer for his many years of excellent service to The University of Texas at Arlington," said Karbhari. "His contributions have been key to the tremendous progress we have made and will leave a lasting impression on this great university." "UTA's aspiration to become the Model 21st Century Urban Research University, an institution on the move, and the excellent team President Karbhari has assembled are what attracted me to this position," said Dr. Lim.  "The University already has all the necessary elements to achieve its ambition – enrollment growing by leaps and bounds; a very diverse student body; and a campus situated in a thriving, dynamic and very large Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex with strong global connections. I believe my experiences position me well to collaborate with the deans and faculty effectively, and to support UTA's commitment to access and excellence." Peter E. Landgren, Interim Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs and Provost at UC, noted that while the loss of an accomplished colleague to another institution is always sad, "It is joyous when someone of the interdisciplinary and interpersonal talents as Teik C. Lim is recognized for greater leadership potential. I know I speak for many at the University of Cincinnati in thanking Dean Lim for advancing the College of Engineering and Applied Science in multiple ways, and wishing him the best in his new role as Provost at UTA." Dr. Lim earned his Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Michigan Technological University, his Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Missouri-Rolla, and his Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering at the Ohio State University.   He worked as a Project Engineer and Senior Engineer at Structural Dynamics Research Corporation before joining The Ohio State University Center for Automotive Research as a research scientist. He taught at the University of Alabama beginning in 1998 as Associate Professor before joining the University of Cincinnati in 2002, where he advanced from Associate Professor, Professor and Department Head of Mechanical Engineering to Associate Dean for Graduate Studies and Research and, ultimately, Dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science. He served as Chair of the Council of Deans in 2015-16. Dr. Lim is a Fellow of ASME – the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, and of SAE – the Society of Automotive Engineers, from which he received numerous research and teaching awards such as the Arch T. Colwell Merit Award in 2003 and the Ralph R. Teetor Educational Award in 2002. He was also recognized with the Thomas French Alumni Achievement Award in 2010 and GearLab Distinguished Alumnus Award this year from his alma mater, The Ohio State University.  About The University of Texas at Arlington The University of Texas at Arlington is a Carnegie Research-1 "highest research activity" institution. With a projected global enrollment of close to 57,000 in Academic Year 2016-17. UTA is one of the largest institutions in the state of Texas. Guided by its Strategic Plan 2020 Bold Solutions|Global Impact, UTA fosters interdisciplinary research and education within four broad themes: health and the human condition, sustainable urban communities, global environmental impact, and data-driven discovery. UTA was recently cited by U.S. News & World Report as having the second lowest average student debt among U.S. universities. U.S. News & World Report lists UTA as having the fifth highest undergraduate diversity index among national universities. The University is a Hispanic-Serving Institution and is ranked as the top four-year college in Texas for veterans on Military Times' 2017 Best for Vets list. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/uta-appoints-a-world-renowned-researcher-and-distinguished-scholar-as-provost-and-vice-president-for-academic-affairs-300442020.html SOURCE The University of Texas at Arlington Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Immofinanz: Trendwechsel ante portas Goldminen als Inflationsgewinner So sichern Sie sich niedrige Kreditzinsen Krieg der Währungen Protektionismus bedroht die Weltwirtschaft Börse aktuell - Live Ticker ATX schwächer erwartet -- DAX dürfte leichter eröffnen -- Asiens Börsen überwiegend mit kleinen Gewinnen TecDAX dürfte mit Verlust starten. Wall Street schließt uneinheitlich. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise 500 Events Subscribe Market Research Continue to Next Article 10 Successful Founders Share Their Top Productivity Tip... Continue to Next Article 10 Successful Founders Share Their Top Productivity Tip... How Entrepreneurs Can Conduct Primary Market Research The entrepreneurship community has lagged behind in incorporating primary market research into startup formation, which is a significant missed opportunity. Image credit: PhotoAlto | Eric Audras | Getty Images Bill Aulet Guest Writer Managing Director, Martin Trust Center for MIT Entrepreneurship ---Shares April 19, 2017 Critical to the success of an entrepreneur is an ironclad process for product marketing, which is only possible if you have accurate, robust information about the marketplace. In this excerpt from the just-released Disciplined Entrepreneurship Workbook, MIT entrepreneurship expert Bill Aulet describes how to do the research to get this critical information that will make your product development process work. The goal of primary market research The goal of good primary market research is to understand your customer in all dimensions: rationally, emotionally, economically, socially, culturally and more.  It is not the customer’s job to design your new product. That is your job. As startup veteran and fellow MIT faculty member Elaine Chen says, “The customer is the expert of their problem, and you are the expert in finding a solution to that problem.”  The entrepreneurship community has lagged behind in incorporating primary market research into startup formation, which is a significant missed opportunity. Customer-focused companies such as Procter and Gamble and leading product design firms such as IDEO have long practiced primary market research in their user-centered design processes. Related: How to Avoid Getting Fooled by Trends A few key definitions Primary market research: When you directly interact with potential customers to gain knowledge specific to your potential new venture.  Secondary research: Material you get from sources other than the potential customer. It is indirect.  Qualitative vs. quantitative research: Qualitative research is exploratory research that helps you generally understand a topic. Quantitative research focuses on gathering specific data to prove or disprove the hypotheses created in the qualitative phase. The five biggest obstacles to good primary market research The fundamental concept of primary market research sounds easy, but doing it is not. Here are some of the pitfalls. 1. Lack of structured process: While there needs to be flexibility in how you obtain information, you have to have a process and know that it is a process!  2. Not properly executing the designed process: No process will work if it is not used.  3. Confirmation bias: When you only see the information that confirms your worldview, and you ignore or block out any other information. 4. Selection bias: The people you interview may not be a valid representation of your target customer.  5. Social acceptability bias: Family or friends are unlikely to give you accurate answers because they don’t want to offend you. You need brutally honest feedback from unbiased people. There are other biases as well. Being data-driven is good, but the data can be made to mislead as well. A great way to minimize biases is to have multiple people in the room conducting the research, with at least one of them trained about the biases inherent in research. Related: How to Validate Your Business Ideas Without Spending a Dime Process and techniques Here is a streamlined process guide. 1. Make a plan: Without a plan, you’ll waste the time of your potential customers and they will get frustrated. A general plan will look much like the following: Write out the goals and objectives of the research, and a detailed description of the research technique. Define recruitment criteria for interviewees. Develop supporting content (e.g. discussion guide, landing page, online survey, etc.). Recruit subjects. Run the research program. Digest results, next steps. Of these items, the discussion guide is often the most overlooked for its value. You should constantly update it.  2. Start with secondary research . . . but not too much: Before you start, do some homework so you know the basics about the market. 3. Start qualitative before quantitative: You can’t put a quantitatively focused questionnaire together until you know what questions to ask. In your initial interviews, focus on open-ended discussion with customers. You’ll later synthesize their responses to form your quantitative surveys. Related: How to Ask Survey Questions For Maximum Market Benefit 4. Source candidates to engage with, and use them to find more candidates: The best places to find candidates are at “watering holes,” which are those places where your target customer congregates physically or digitally. The sourcing process requires creativity, but here are some ideas to help you generate leads: Physical watering holes: While digital watering holes can be convenient, you need to get out of your office and interact directly with people. LinkedIn or Facebook groups: You can usually find a group that is tied to your target customer.  Blogs or online discussions. Industry groups and membership lists. Ads: Advertise on Google or Facebook, targeted at specific demographics, for as little as $20 to get the names of interested people. If no one responds, that is important information too.  Read publicly available information: When you do your secondary research, you will likely run across some names linked to your market. Write those names down and contact them.  The last question: Your last question at the end of each interview should be “Who else do you know that I should speak to? Would you be willing to make an introduction?”  5. Initial contact: Now that you have your initial list of people to contact (a list that should continually grow), things get real. You have to persuade each contact to give you at least 15 minutes of their time. When contacting the candidate, reference someone he knows. Explain that you are doing research to try to help make his job or life better. Be completely in inquiry mode and not sales mode. Still, be steeled for lots of rejection. It is never easy, but it gets much easier the more you do it. 6. Act like a great journalist: Great journalists have excellent active listening techniques to get people to talk. They have a positive voice and physical stance when engaging. They are incredibly interested and empathetic. They shake their head and say “yes” a lot and are nonjudgmental. They listen intently.  7. If you can, have two people conduct the interview: Having two people conduct the interview allows one person to concentrate completely on engaging the interviewee while the others is taking detailed notes and observing the interviewee’s non-verbal signals.  8. Constantly make sure you are interviewing the right people: Put together a short recruitment questionnaire as part of your research plan that screens out people not in your target customer group. Related: 3 Tips For Researching Your Rivals 9. You should be surprised: The point of qualitative primary market research is to develop new hypotheses, so if you are not surprised, you are not learning anything.  10. Moving to quantitative: Once you have developed significant hypotheses that can be tested, move to start to test them in a more data-driven manner. 11. Perceived as opposed to real value: There is a gap between real and perceived value. Both matter, as does the gap between them. Explore them in both your qualitative and quantitative research.  12. Don’t always believe what is said: Often people say things with the best of intent, but what they do matters more than what they say. A/B testing (showing different variants of something to different test groups) is very valuable here. How do you know when primary market research is complete? It never is. Good entrepreneurs are constantly interacting with customers and seeing new opportunities and refining their offerings.   Below is the pledge I have my students sign in my courses at MIT: Adapted with permission of the publisher, John Wiley & Sons, from Disciplined Entrepreneurship Workbook by Bill Aulet. Copyright (c) 2017 by Bill Aulet. All rights reserved. This book is available at all bookstores and online booksellers. Disciplined Entrepreneurship Workbook is the follow up to the Bill Aulet’s previous title, Disciplined Entrepreneurship (John Wiley & Sons, 2013). Bill Aulet Bill Aulet is managing director, Martin Trust Center for MIT Entrepreneurship and senior lecturer, MIT Sloan School of Management. He is an award-winning educator and author whose current work is built off the foundation of his 25-year... Read more Starting a Business Market Research Research Find the Right Franchise for You Complete our short quiz to pinpoint your perfect franchise match. Find Your Franchise Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Customer Care Strategies Webinar Ask Entrepreneur Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Editions United States Middle East India Español Albanian Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Join Our Newsletter Get our best stories of the week direct to your inbox. Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2017 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2017 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds... Stay Informed. Be Inspired. Receive customized news, stories and solutions direct to your inbox. Enter your email Invalid Email
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Money WINIT wins biz from MNCs including P&G, Bajaj, Colgate Shares1 Wed, 19 Apr 2017-10:26pm , PTI * IT start-up firm WINIT, which deals in mobile sales automation, today announced new contract wins from global companies like Procter & Gamble (India), Bajaj Corporation (India), Colgate Palmolive (Saudi Arabia), Olam (Nigeria) and National Food Products Company (NFPC Group) Dubai. The company already has partnered with leading FMCG companies as its clients like Kwality Ice Cream, Bisleri, Baskin-Robbins to name a few. "Our single minded focus on improving the sales efficacy and revenue maximisation for clients has been the key to our success," WINIT CEO Prakash Sreewastav said in a statement. *** Advantedge on-boards Ango Health, Unanth to incubator program * Venture capitalist firm Advantedge has on-boarded start- ups Ango Health and Unanth to its six-month Incubator program. "Ango Health and Unanth both demonstrated a fantastic value proposition and we are glad to have them join our program," Advantedge General Partner Kunal Khattar said in a statement. Ango Health is a personalised pregnancy management platform that improves the quality of care received by expecting mothers. Unanth is a vernacular online IT learning marketplace targeted at engineering students and software professionals. Advantedge run incubator program, based in Delhi NCR, and an early stage technology fund. It has made 18 investments so far in pioneering companies like Shuttl, TrulyMadly, Rapido, Smartivity, IndiaLends, ScoopWoop and IIMJobs etc. "We are investing upto Rs 15 lakh in each startup, in addition to various facilities that come as a part of our incubator program such as modern infrastructure, mentor network and advisory council, on call-support services etc," Khattarr said. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < UN judges decline Ukraine request to order Russia to stop backing rebels   Comments   Also Read Money Is blind hiring the best hiring? Money Salary received in NRE a/c is not taxable Money Will your job stay after long sabbatical? Money H1-B Visa gag to crimp IT firms' margins 2-3% Money Beacon manufacturers don't see red in 'red-beacon' ban Money DG Shipping warns Indian ships to stay away from Gulf of Aden < Previous ArticleNext Article > UN judges decline Ukraine request to order Russia to stop backing rebels Video Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song WATCH: Traffic halts on Gujarat highway as pride of lions take leisurely walk! View all Tags Baskin-Robbins Bisleri Delhi Dubai Nigeria Procter & Gamble Saudi Arabia Kunal Khattar Colgate Palmolive Delhi NCR FMCG NCR National Food OLAM Shuttl SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Watchdog says Yemen rebel land mines killed, maimed hundreds May to make election pledge to end EU free movement of people into UK - Daily Mail Another death row inmate's life spared in Arkansas EU's top diplomat says China's New Silk Road must be open to Europeans IT raids four locations of retired Noida Authority OSD Sport FEATURE-Athletics-New U.S. relays coach has big task - finding gold Athletics-Races key for successful relay teams, Lewis says FACTBOX-Athletics-The ups and downs of U.S. men's 4x100m relays Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, April 20 Athletics-Races key for successful relay teams, Lewis says Entertainment Michael B Jordan to star in 'Fahrenheit 451' film adaptation HC restrains police from action against Shah Rukh Khan in property damage case during 'Raees' promotions A decade long romance: Films that captured Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's on-screen chemistry Kashish 2017 to crowdfund South Asia's biggest LGBTQI film fest Rishi Kapoor on BMC radar for axing 'extra' branches of tree Money Franklin Templeton MF hikes stake in Somany Ceramics to 5.22% Zinc futures down 1 pc on muted demand, profit-booking GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports S.Korea to allow vulnerable households to defer debt repayments Worries over Trump policies cloud start of IMF, World Bank meetings Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Will stop mining in areas if people complain of pollution: Parrikar Business Standard WINIT bags contracts from five global firms IANS  |  Hyderabad  April 19, 2017 Last Updated at 21:34 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV0dGA ALSO READ Kilburn Office Automation to consider Q3 and 9M results 89% people want automation at workplace: Adobe Apple acquires iOS automation tool 'Workflow' Retailers eye IoT, AI and automation to boost growth: Study CA Technologies introduces machine-learning, new automation capabilities to improve mainframe economics WINIT, a leading Mobile Sales Force Automation company on Wednesday announced new contract wins from five global companies. It won the contracts from Procter & Gamble (India), Bajaj Corporation (India), Colgate Palmolive (Saudi Arabia), Olam (Nigeria) and National Food Products Company (NFPC Group) Dubai. The company already has partnered with leading FMCG companies as its clients like Kwality Ice Cream, Bisleri, Baskin-Robbins to name a few. WINIT's mobile SFA solution which is powered by new age Artificial intelligence and advanced analytics along with Real Time Collaboration capabilities helps improve sales effectiveness, profitability and over all ROI of sales team of FMCG companies, the company said in a statement. The FMCG companies choose WINIT's solution because it enables their sales force to "sell more and sell better" thus increasing their profitability. Sales people are better managed and execute the plans of their managers efficiently, increasing their efficiency and productivity. "Our single minded focus on improving the sales efficacy and revenue maximisation for clients has been the key to our success. Our clients like to work with us because we are able to establish value generation through our consultative implementation and support rather than just selling a software solution," said Prakash Sreewastav, CEO, WINIT. --IANS ms/ahm/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Automation | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep WINIT bags contracts from five global firms WINIT, a leading Mobile Sales Force Automation company on Wednesday announced new contract wins from five global companies. WINIT, a leading Mobile Sales Force Automation company on Wednesday announced new contract wins from five global companies. It won the contracts from Procter & Gamble (India), Bajaj Corporation (India), Colgate Palmolive (Saudi Arabia), Olam (Nigeria) and National Food Products Company (NFPC Group) Dubai. The company already has partnered with leading FMCG companies as its clients like Kwality Ice Cream, Bisleri, Baskin-Robbins to name a few. WINIT's mobile SFA solution which is powered by new age Artificial intelligence and advanced analytics along with Real Time Collaboration capabilities helps improve sales effectiveness, profitability and over all ROI of sales team of FMCG companies, the company said in a statement. The FMCG companies choose WINIT's solution because it enables their sales force to "sell more and sell better" thus increasing their profitability. Sales people are better managed and execute the plans of their managers efficiently, increasing their efficiency and productivity. "Our single minded focus on improving the sales efficacy and revenue maximisation for clients has been the key to our success. Our clients like to work with us because we are able to establish value generation through our consultative implementation and support rather than just selling a software solution," said Prakash Sreewastav, CEO, WINIT. --IANS ms/ahm/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 WINIT bags contracts from five global firms WINIT, a leading Mobile Sales Force Automation company on Wednesday announced new contract wins from five global companies. It won the contracts from Procter & Gamble (India), Bajaj Corporation (India), Colgate Palmolive (Saudi Arabia), Olam (Nigeria) and National Food Products Company (NFPC Group) Dubai. The company already has partnered with leading FMCG companies as its clients like Kwality Ice Cream, Bisleri, Baskin-Robbins to name a few. WINIT's mobile SFA solution which is powered by new age Artificial intelligence and advanced analytics along with Real Time Collaboration capabilities helps improve sales effectiveness, profitability and over all ROI of sales team of FMCG companies, the company said in a statement. The FMCG companies choose WINIT's solution because it enables their sales force to "sell more and sell better" thus increasing their profitability. Sales people are better managed and execute the plans of their managers efficiently, increasing their efficiency and productivity. "Our single minded focus on improving the sales efficacy and revenue maximisation for clients has been the key to our success. Our clients like to work with us because we are able to establish value generation through our consultative implementation and support rather than just selling a software solution," said Prakash Sreewastav, CEO, WINIT. --IANS ms/ahm/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others WINIT bags contracts from five global firms WINIT bags contracts from five global firms Source : Last Updated: Wed, Apr 19, 2017 21:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print Hyderabad, April 19 (IANS) WINIT, a leading Mobile Sales Force Automation company on Wednesday announced new contract wins from five global companies. It won the contracts from Procter & Gamble (India), Bajaj Corporation (India), Colgate Palmolive (Saudi Arabia), Olam (Nigeria) and National Food Products Company (NFPC Group) Dubai. The company already has partnered with leading FMCG companies as its clients like Kwality Ice Cream, Bisleri, Baskin-Robbins to name a few. WINIT's mobile SFA solution which is powered by new age Artificial intelligence and advanced analytics along with Real Time Collaboration capabilities helps improve sales effectiveness, profitability and over all ROI of sales team of FMCG companies, the company said in a statement. The FMCG companies choose WINIT's solution because it enables their sales force to "sell more and sell better" thus increasing their profitability. Sales people are better managed and execute the plans of their managers efficiently, increasing their efficiency and productivity. "Our single minded focus on improving the sales efficacy and revenue maximisation for clients has been the key to our success. Our clients like to work with us because we are able to establish value generation through our consultative implementation and support rather than just selling a software solution," said Prakash Sreewastav, CEO, WINIT. --IANS ms/ahm/dg SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features No bars on highways Rare April snow, heavy rains cut off Kashmir Dalai Lama's Arunachal visit rattles China, jubilates exiled Buddhists Cartoon: Aadhar everywhere! FBI releases photos off 9/11 Pentagon aftermath About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Global Hair Growth Products Market 2017 Industry Trends, Growth Rate with CAGR Analysis 2022: Henkel, L’Oreal, P&G, Unilever, Johnson & Johnson, World Hair Cosmetics Hair Growth Products Market Research Report 2017 In this report, the global Hair Growth Products market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Hair Growth Products in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1198769-global-hair-growth-products-market-research-report-2017 Global Hair Growth Products market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Henkel Kao L’Oreal P&G Unilever Avon Combe Estee Lauder Johnson & Johnson Revlon Shiseido World Hair Cosmetics On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Oral Products Topical Products On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Hair Growth Products for each application, including Men Women If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.  Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1198769-global-hair-growth-products-market-research-report-2017 Table Of Contents Global Hair Growth Products Market Research Report 2017 1 Hair Growth Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Hair Growth Products 1.2 Hair Growth Products Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Hair Growth Products Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Hair Growth Products Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Oral Products 1.2.4 Topical Products 1.3 Global Hair Growth Products Segment by Application 1.3.1 Hair Growth Products Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Men 1.3.3 Women 1.4 Global Hair Growth Products Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Hair Growth Products Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Hair Growth Products (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Hair Growth Products Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Hair Growth Products Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Hair Growth Products Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Hair Growth Products Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Hair Growth Products Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Hair Growth Products Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Hair Growth Products Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Hair Growth Products Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Hair Growth Products Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Hair Growth Products Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Hair Growth Products Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Hair Growth Products Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Hair Growth Products Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Hair Growth Products Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Hair Growth Products Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Hair Growth Products Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Hair Growth Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Hair Growth Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Hair Growth Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Hair Growth Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Hair Growth Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Hair Growth Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Hair Growth Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Hair Growth Products Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Hair Growth Products Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Hair Growth Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Hair Growth Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Hair Growth Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Hair Growth Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Hair Growth Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Hair Growth Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Hair Growth Products Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Hair Growth Products Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Hair Growth Products Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Hair Growth Products Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Hair Growth Products Production Growth by Type (2012-2017)  Continued……. Buy This Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1198769 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesUncategorized TagsCosmetic, Google News, Hair Growth Products, Hair Growth Products Feb 2017, Hair Growth Products Industry, Hair Growth Products Market, Hair Growth Products Market analysis, Hair Growth Products Market Segmentation, Hair Growth Products Market Share, Hair Growth Products Market size, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vehicle Anti -Theft Industry: Global Industry Information, Trends, Outlook and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Smart Glass to Steady Growth in the Near Future Search Recent Posts Lactobacillus Bulgaricus Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 Lactobacillus Casei Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 Research Developments Project Lactobacillus Lactis Market to Gain Maximum Growth By 2022 DCM Is an Experienced Award-Winning Investment Partner New Lactobacillus Acidophilus Market Report Explores the Overview with Forecast To 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Major global cosmetics firms are selling products tested on animals in China CNBC Sophia Yan 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The world's most incredible homes Everyday items from the past that are worth money © Provided by CNBC When entrepreneur Phoebe Song launched her organic, vegan skincare line, she had big plans to sell around the world, including in China, the world's largest consumer market. Quotes in the article The Estee Lauder Companies Inc EL ▼ 85.62 -0.67 -0.78% Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd OR ▼ 11.23 -0.28 -2.43% Procter & Gamble Co PG ▼ 89.60 -0.51 -0.57% AdChoices But she stopped cold after learning that the Chinese government mandated animal testing for imported cosmetics and skincare products. "As a vegan brand, we are really not cool with animals getting sprayed in the face," said Song, who owns Snow Fox Skincare. "It sucks, because China is a huge market … it's a lot of money. China requires skincare and cosmetics firms to submit to compulsory animal testing in government labs before regulators approve products for sale in the country. For brands like Song's Snow Fox, these regulations mean either allowing animal testing, or losing access to a market worth $29 billion last year, according to Euromonitor. Experts say all firms selling to Chinese consumers now undergo animal testing for their products, including major foreign brands L'Oreal (OR-FR), Estee Lauder (EL), Shiseido (4911.T-JP), and Proctor & Gamble (PG). None of those firms, among the top foreign cosmetics and skincare companies selling in China, responded to a request for comment. Those companies state online that they do not engage in animal testing, but insert language that indicates exceptions are made where required. For instance, Estee Lauder says it "does not test on animals and we never ask others to do so on our behalf," according to a statement on its website. "If a regulatory body demands it for its safety or regulatory assessment, an exception can be made." A 2013 estimate by the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals found that China's mandatory regulations resulted in companies testing products on as many as 300,000 animals, according to the organization's senior vice president, Kathy Guillermo, who explained that an animal is killed after a test. While there are alternative ways of testing the safety of beauty products, for instance, by using 3-D tissue models, experts said China currently lacks the know-how. "They're just completely behind the curve in learning about the new science," said Erin Hill, president of U.S.-based Institute of In Vitro Sciences, which is training Chinese government scientists in new methods. IIVS also partners with companies, including foreign brands in China, to work on non-animal testing procedures. Some change is happening: Late last year, the government moved to accept safety data collected through a non-animal test method, the 3T3 phototoxicity assay, which measures the safety of a chemical after exposure to light. The government hasn't said if this test is yet in use. And in some provinces, companies domestically manufacturing ordinary products, like lotion and soap, can now apply to waive the animal testing requirements. L'Oreal is one of the firms taking advantage of this, and some of its products, such as shampoo and body wash, are no longer animal tested in China, according to its website. But China's murky regulatory environment is difficult to navigate and experts said getting such approvals can be spotty. "It's a big task to make this shift — it comes down to having the right laboratories, the people skilled in these different methods, and also access to the equipment and the supplies you need," Hill said. Pressure is increasing for China to adapt, as animal testing gets banned in more jurisdictions, including Europe, Australia, India and Israel. In the U.S., it has long been abandoned from standard practice. Plus, if domestic Chinese firms want to sell abroad — especially in countries where such testing is no longer allowed — they'll need to substantiate the safety of their products via non-animal methods. National regulator China Food and Drug Administration didn't respond to a request for comment. For Hong Kong-based Song, she's simply decided not to sell her vegan products in China at the moment, despite the market potential. But sticking it out means sometimes, consumers don't cut her much slack. "They say, 'you're supposed to be a big global brand — what global brand doesn't have sales channels in China?" Song said. "And we have to explain it's because we really don't want to torture some bunnies." Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Traders are betting on McDonald's after stock upgraded twice CNBC Analyst says investor sentiment on Buffalo Wild Wings is wrong CNBC Bill O'Reilly's fate at Fox may be in jeopardy CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Consumer Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report In China, big cosmetics firms are selling products tested on animals Sophia Yan 23 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES When entrepreneur Phoebe Song launched her organic, vegan skincare line, she had big plans to sell around the world, including in China, the world's largest consumer market. But she stopped cold after learning that the Chinese government mandated animal testing for imported cosmetics and skincare products. "As a vegan brand, we are really not cool with animals getting sprayed in the face," said Song, who owns Snow Fox Skincare. "It sucks, because China is a huge market … it's a lot of money. Brent Lewin | Bloomberg | Getty Images China requires skincare and cosmetics firms to submit to compulsory animal testing in government labs before regulators approve products for sale in the country. For brands like Song's Snow Fox, these regulations mean either allowing animal testing, or losing access to a market worth $29 billion last year, according to Euromonitor. Experts say all firms selling to Chinese consumers now undergo animal testing for their products, including major foreign brands L'Oreal, Estee Lauder, Shiseido, and Proctor & Gamble. None of those firms, among the top foreign cosmetics and skincare companies selling in China, responded to a request for comment. Those companies state online that they do not engage in animal testing, but insert language that indicates exceptions are made where required. For instance, Estee Lauder says it "does not test on animals and we never ask others to do so on our behalf," according to a statement on its website. "If a regulatory body demands it for its safety or regulatory assessment, an exception can be made." A 2013 estimate by the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals found that China's mandatory regulations resulted in companies testing products on as many as 300,000 animals, according to the organization's senior vice president, Kathy Guillermo, who explained that an animal is killed after a test. While there are alternative ways of testing the safety of beauty products, for instance, by using 3-D tissue models, experts said China currently lacks the know-how. "They're just completely behind the curve in learning about the new science," said Erin Hill, president of U.S.-based Institute of In Vitro Sciences, which is training Chinese government scientists in new methods. IIVS also partners with companies, including foreign brands in China, to work on non-animal testing procedures. Some change is happening: Late last year, the government moved to accept safety data collected through a non-animal test method, the 3T3 phototoxicity assay, which measures the safety of a chemical after exposure to light. The government hasn't said if this test is yet in use. And in some provinces, companies domestically manufacturing ordinary products, like lotion and soap, can now apply to waive the animal testing requirements. L'Oreal is one of the firms taking advantage of this, and some of its products, such as shampoo and body wash, are no longer animal tested in China, according to its website. But China's murky regulatory environment is difficult to navigate and experts said getting such approvals can be spotty. "It's a big task to make this shift — it comes down to having the right laboratories, the people skilled in these different methods, and also access to the equipment and the supplies you need," Hill said. Pressure is increasing for China to adapt, as animal testing gets banned in more jurisdictions, including Europe, Australia, India and Israel. In the U.S., it has long been abandoned from standard practice. Plus, if domestic Chinese firms want to sell abroad — especially in countries where such testing is no longer allowed — they'll need to substantiate the safety of their products via non-animal methods. National regulator China Food and Drug Administration didn't respond to a request for comment. For Hong Kong-based Song, she's simply decided not to sell her vegan products in China at the moment, despite the market potential. But sticking it out means sometimes, consumers don't cut her much slack. "They say, 'you're supposed to be a big global brand — what global brand doesn't have sales channels in China?" Song said. "And we have to explain it's because we really don't want to torture some bunnies." Sophia YanBeijing Correspondent, CNBC
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video and Photo AP Wire Nation and World Northwest Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Outdoors Babe Ruth Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business and Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for sale Houses for rent Cars Place a classified Advertising Connections Best of Mt.Ashland e-Edition Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition Subscribe Calendar Jobs Housing   Toggle navigation 38° News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Law Enforcement Schools Video & Photo Associated Press National Northwest Oregon Outdoors Wildfires Xtreme Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries View today's obituaries View all obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest Commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Multimedia Mt. Ashland Live Cam Klamath Countdown Galleries Videos Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business & Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation KU Magazine Best of the Basin Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for Sale Houses for Rent Cars Service Directory Place a Classifieds Local Legal Notices Oregon Legal Notices Website Advertising uReport XtremeOregon Close Holly Owens Eileen Harris Collecting and using: Getting the most from your coupons By EILEEN HARRIS For the Herald and News 22 hrs ago (…) Eileen Harris × Tired of seeing surveys on articles? If you are a subscriber, simply log in or Subscribe now! If you are on a budget of any kind, I know you enjoy saving money when you buy an item. After all, with the leftover money you might have spent, you can splurge on something you’ve been wanting. I have been using coupons for several years (more than I want to say as that would give away my age). I have also taught several classes about couponing. I am writing this to give you ideas that might benefit you and your savings quest. Should you have any questions you can always write to me at news@heraldandnews.com. Manufacturers coupons The first thing you need to remember is you only cut out coupons for items you use or want to try. Don’t spend your time cutting every coupon. The Herald and News provides three distinct sections in the Sunday edition as they are available: The Smart Source, Red Plum and P&G. If you need extra sections, you can get those at the Herald and News for a reduced price for Sunday’s paper on Tuesdays. If you use several copies of the same coupon sections, to cut them out, just simply sort the section with like pages on top and cut multiple like coupons at the same time. There are certain times that the stores will have coupons under the shelf for an item put there by the manufacturer to entice you to buy their item. You can generally buy as many of the same item that you have coupons for – only one coupon per item. So if you want to buy five of a specific brand of canned beans and you have five coupons for that specific brand, then you can use all five coupons in the same shopping time. An easy way to save your coupons is in a small folder or box that has section dividers so you can sort them into categories. × Advertisement Digital coupons You can also get coupons digitally online – one of our local big box stores offers coupons online for items in their grocery section. If you have their rewards card (which is free to signup), you go online and select the coupons on their web site that you want to load to your rewards card. There are coupon sites where you select the coupons you want and then print them. That takes ink, paper and time to cut them out, but if it saves you $.50 or $1 on an item, then it is probably worth it. Store coupons Some stores will offer their own coupons to get you to come and shop. They will often be coupons printed in their ad which you will need to cut out and bring with you when you shop. Or, they may have their coupons hanging off tabs in front of the item in the store. Store coupons encompass more of the items in their stores besides just the grocery section if they are a “super” store with other needs for their customers. Their coupons could include percentage off coupons, dollars off if you buy a minimum amount (generally not in the grocery section), cents off or a special price for an item they are specifically offering, or other specials they are promoting. You can combine some store coupon specials with manufacturer coupons – just be sure to read the rules on the store coupons to see if they allow it. An important thing to remember about coupons is that most all of them have an expiration date to them, no matter if they are a manufacturer, digital or store coupon. So if you want to use them, be sure it is before the expiration date as they can not be extended. Some stores offer to double or triple the coupon value, but some coupons are not allowed to be doubled or tripled. Also look at your ads as they come out and circle the items you want to buy, then go through your coupons and pull out any you want to use at that store when you go. Most of all, remember to use the coupons as you can that you have taken all the time to cut out and sort. You may find that it is an easy and relaxing way to pass your time and save money in the long run. Eileen Harris Smart savings with Eileen the savings queen This locally written column by Eileen Harris is featured twice monthly. Eileen gives tips on getting the most out of the money you’re spending and saving time and energy. Do you have a question about how to save money? Have a tip to share? Email questions and ideas for future columns to news@heraldandnews.com with "Eileen the Savings Queen" in the subject line. Tags Store Economics Advertising Marketing Grocery Commerce Herald Coupon News Special Section Big Box Store Trending Man arrested for DUII, officer assault, hit-and-run Man arrested for threat with shotgun McCollough, Pamala Renea Ambers OWRD responds to Tribes' call on water Break away from the USA? Newsletter Signup Sign up today, or manage your subscriptions, to one of our great newsletters: Aggie Sports Breaking News Daily Headlines and much more! Get your e-Newsletters Video Doc Denning reflects on nearly a century of music Apr 18, 2017 Since he was a child Max "Doc" Denning has been performing music. Now 96 years old, he reflects on his lengthy career in country, western and dixieland jazz music. Klamath Countdown: Friday, April 14, 2017 Apr 14, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, April 14, 2017 Apr 14, 2017 Klamath Falls Community Band Apr 13, 2017 Klamath Falls Community Band Apr 13, 2017 Max "Doc" Denning celebrates 96th birthday 4-12-2017 Apr 13, 2017 Max "Doc" Denning celebrates 96th birthday 4-12-2017 Apr 13, 2017 North Ridge Estates superfund asbestos clean-up enters year two Apr 10, 2017 North Ridge Estates superfund asbestos clean-up enters year two Apr 10, 2017 Pel Court Mr Pelican Grand Opening Youtube Apr 9, 2017 Pel Court Mr Pelican Grand Opening Youtube Apr 9, 2017 Klamath Falls Community Band Apr 7, 2017 Klamath Falls Community Band Apr 7, 2017 MaxRead Businesses Klamath-Spine-Rehab Premier Care Dental EcoSolar and Electric Trending now Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Man arrested for DUII, officer assault, hit-and-run Man arrested for threat with shotgun Man wanted again after plea in $50K theft McCollough, Pamala Renea Ambers OWRD responds to Tribes' call on water Break away from the USA? Law enforcement Friday Judge reverses dismissal of suit against Klamath County Tribal water call: ‘Devastating’ Klamath Basin Easter egg hunts Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Local Survey Should Lava Beds be a national park? There's a move afoot to upgrade Lava Beds National Monument to a national park, the first one in several years. What do you think? Send comments to news@heraldandnews.com You voted: Yes No No opinion Vote View Results Back Herald and News 2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR 97603 541-885-4410 (Main) 541-885-4420 (After hours or complaints) news@heraldandnews.com About Contact Submissions News Sports Calendar Outdoors Limelighter Multimedia Editorials Special Sections Get in touch with the Herald and News Common Submissions Submit News Send a Letter to the Editor Submit a Sports Tip Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event New or changed business All submissions Circulation Pay a bill Vacation stop/restart Change of address Delivery complaints Advertising Display & Digital Advertising Place a Classified Ad Submit Announcements Aniversaries, Engagements and Weddings Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News © Copyright 2017 Herald and News, PO Box 788 (zip 97601)2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Opinion Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Why Facebook blocks porn — but lets you watch a murder By Jonathan Taplin and Ian Mohr View author archive Get author RSS feed View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 19, 2017 | 2:37am | Updated April 19, 2017 | 1:31pm Modal Trigger Shutterstock More On: facebook No reward yet for McDonald’s workers who led police to Facebook killer Helpless victim attacked in savage beatdown Facebook shares 'delicious' plans for augmented reality 'Facebook Killer' leaves social-media companies with no room left to dodge Jonathan Taplin — director emeritus of the Annenberg Innovation Lab at USC and author of a new book, “Move Fast and Break Things: How Facebook, Google, and Amazon Cornered Culture and Undermined Democracy” — spoke at a Lotos Club reception for his book on Monday. Here are some of his remarks during a Q&A moderated by Jeffrey Toobin, as well as a subsequent interview with The Post’s Ian Mohr, on the dangers of YouTube and Facebook: “There is a kind of nefarious block of the ‘safe harbor’ act — the Digital Millennium Copyright Act — that basically says that nobody, no musician, no individual can sue Facebook or Google, or YouTube, for posting stuff that they don’t have permission to. So this is why there are 55,000 ISIS videos on YouTube. Right? They claim, ‘We have no responsibility . . . it’s First Amendment rights. We don’t know.’ The only pushback they’ve gotten is from advertisers. Procter & Gamble said, ‘Hey, we’re not so comfortable with our advertising being on terrorist videos. Stop it, please.’ Now they say, ‘Oh, there’s too many videos being uploaded to YouTube, we can’t control it.’ “But you notice there’s no porn on YouTube. So why is that? That’s because they have A.I., artificial intelligence algorithms, that when someone tries to upload porn, it sees a bare breast and it stops it and puts it into a separate queue where a human looks at it and says, ‘Well, is this National Geographic video? Or is this porn?’ And if it’s porn, it doesn’t go up, and if it’s National Geographic, it does go up. Well, they could do the same thing with ISIS videos. As you well know — any of you who’ve ever used [the music recognition app] Shazam — they can do the same thing with every tune, every movie, that someone doesn’t want up there, in three seconds the audio signature would tell them, ‘This is something we don’t want’ and stop it. “But that’s not their business model. Their business model is that, ‘We want everybody on there and we want all the content so we can sell more advertising.’ And of course these are by far the largest advertising companies in the world. Google dwarfs the Walt Disney Company with all its ABC, ESPN networks. Google’s like five times as big. So we just don’t realize that these companies are the giants. Tom [Freston] and I were talking about when he was running Viacom, everyone was worried, ‘There’s only seven media companies in the country. They’re dominating everything.’ Last year, Facebook and Google took 78 percent of all digital advertising money. In the whole year. So that’s a monopoly.” Ron Howard and Jonathan Taplin Kristina Bumphrey/StarPix Jonathan Taplin and Jeffrey Toobin Kristina Bumphrey/StarPix Paul Feig and Ethan Coen Kristina Bumphrey/StarPix Ron Howard, Jonathan Taplin, Sam Waksal and Jeffrey Toobin Kristina Bumphrey/StarPix Jonathan Taplin and Paul Holdengraber Kristina Bumphrey/StarPix Jonathan Taplin and Ari Melber Kristina Bumphrey/StarPix John Stossel and Jonathan Taplin Kristina Bumphrey/StarPix Ad Up Next Mika Zibanejad finally shows why the Rangers traded for him 0:0 These are words Mika Zibanejad is going to live with,... 7 View Slideshow Back Continue Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Advertisement Why Facebook blocks porn — but lets you watch a murder April 19, 2017 Later, to The Post, on the murder uploaded to Facebook: SEE ALSO 'Facebook Killer' leaves social-media companies with no room left to dodge 0:0 The Facebook Killer is dead, but the questions for Facebook... “This is not the first time this has happened. If people who have mental illness or want to get fame use this platform to do horrible things, what is the good of it? This is the first broadcaster to claim they have no control. If it was a TV network . . . they’d have their license pulled. They’d be out of business the next day. “People who own these platforms need to be more careful. We have to wonder if teaching these lone wolves is helpful to society? I don’t think I’m in the minority anymore. There is beginning to be a resistance. There was a point about a year-and-a-half ago where there were 44,000 ISIS videos . . . no porn, but plenty of beheadings under the guise of the First Amendment.” — Ian Mohr Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under facebook ,  internet ,  isis ,  porn ,  youtube Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next It's a shame top Democrats are too afraid to challenge de ... Read Next It's a shame top Democrats are too afraid to challenge de ... Share Selection Columnists Seth Lipsky Democrats' ridiculous tax attack Michelle Malkin The media's pathetic cheers for Chelsea Clinton Naomi Schaefer Riley Parents don't want to face the truth about kids & the Web SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Editorials More delays could kill the Trump tax cut Is the city giving up on protecting infants from herpes? Democrats' all-too-telling love for Maxine Waters Today's Cover Browse covers archive Trending Now on NYPost.com 68,469 Hillary camp scrambling to find out who leaked embarrassing info 41,411 Twerking woman causes major accident 21,936 How Carmelo Anthony justified allegedly cheating on La La More Stories page six Hillary camp scrambling to find out who leaked embarrassing info Now On Decider 10 Movies Where The Actors Had Real Sex On Camera nypost Twerking woman causes major accident New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
× Please Subscribe to Continue Reading. Become a digital subscriber today and enjoy unlimited access to the Omaha World-Herald anytime, anywhere. If you are a 7-day print subscriber, unlimited digital access is included in your subscription and you simply need to set up an online account. If you need help, please contact our office at 1-844-311-9811 or email owhdigital@ggl.bhmginc.com. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Digital only subscription Sign up now for a digital only subscription to omaha.com for just $9.95 a month.  As a digital only subscriber you have access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper. $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for non 7 day print subscribers Upgrade your less than 7 day World-Herald print subscription now for access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper for just $9.95 per month.   $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for 7 day print subscribers Full access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper is available at no charge to 7 day print subscribers.  Free access for current print subscribers Get Started Interested in a print subscription that includes digital access? Click here × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 50° Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics 2017 Omaha election Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Dining reviews Food Prowl: Omaha's best Living The Better Half Momaha Good News Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Fitness Nutrition Sex & Relationships Health Inspiration Meet Me at the Gym Race photos Live Well Nebraska Magazine Live Well Challenge Race calendar Consumer Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Search job listings Join our Team Inside Business Legal Notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 50° Overcast Omaha, NE (68102) Today Sunshine and clouds mixed. High 64F. Winds NW at 15 to 25 mph.. Tonight A few clouds overnight. Low 42F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: April 20, 2017 @ 1:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Close Warren Buffett Plenty of options on the shelf for Kraft Heinz expansion The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Apr 19, 2017 (…) Warren Buffett PITTSBURGH — Somewhere in the vicinity of 169,000 Unilever employees were jolted by the news earlier this year that Kraft Heinz Co. had turned up in London with a $143 billion offer to buy their employer. No, no, said executives at the Anglo-Dutch consumer packaged goods giant, politely ushering the would-be buyers out the door. Thanks, but no thanks. Kraft Heinz — backed by funding and strategy from the food giant’s majority owners, 3G Capital and Omaha-based Berkshire Hathaway — now may be casting its eyes across the aisles of the world’s grocery stores, looking for another tasty business that owns great brands but also has identifiable places to cut costs. General Mills with its 39,000 workers? Hershey and its 16,000 employees? Maybe Danone (99,000 workers), Campbell Soup (18,000), Kellogg (37,000), Procter & Gamble (105,000) or Mars (80,000)? Shares of Panera Bread (50,800 employees) rose briefly last week after a report that 3G Capital and Berkshire CEO Warren Buffett might try to buy it out from under an investment firm that announced a plan to acquire the restaurant chain. Later in the week, Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Pablo Zuanic put out a report saying that PepsiCo (264,000 employees) would be more vulnerable to a Kraft Heinz bid than Mondelez International (90,000 employees), the former Kraft sibling widely seen as a potential acquisition target. There are a lot of jobs tied up with the consumer packaged goods companies that stock the world’s shelves with condiments, soups, shampoos, cereals, yogurt, pet food and other products used by the masses. Some of those positions could be on the block if Kraft Heinz CEO Bernardo Hees and his team merge their 41,000-employee company with another icon of the industry. “They know how to run a business more efficiently than anyone else,” said Brittany E. Weissman, a consumer analyst at Edward Jones in St. Louis. Whether you think that’s good or bad depends on whether you’re getting a paycheck from a food company or a dividend check from investing in one. As Kraft Heinz prepares for its annual shareholder meeting in Pittsburgh this week, Weissman seems inclined to believe that most of the company’s investors are impressed by their management and are hungry for more. Earnings at the company that makes Ore-Ida french fries and Oscar Mayer hot dogs rose almost 50 percent in the last year, she said, and the company has improved profit margins at a level that outpaces competitors and peers. “I think they’ve definitely made their presence known in the food space,” Weissman said. Another acquisition — wherever and whenever it gets done — could spell the end of one of Kraft Heinz’s two headquarters locations, if the negotiators need to sweeten potential bids with offers to keep a significant presence in the next company’s hometown. The 3G Capital and Berkshire Hathaway partnership acquired Pittsburgh food company H.J. Heinz Co. in 2013, keeping the family name on the city’s NFL football stadium and inhabiting its downtown headquarters, but moving to shutter plants and streamline the production system. Two years later, the owners merged Heinz with Kraft Foods Group and created the two-headed Kraft Heinz, with offices in Pittsburgh and Chicago. More jobs were trimmed, more production streamlined. Few in the food business are unaware that they might draw the eye of Kraft Heinz, Weissman said. Management at many companies has been trying to step up the pace of growth — not easy in an industry that has plateaued and is facing incursions by small rivals promising less-processed, more-natural food products. Borrowing a page from the competition, food companies have embraced the zero-based budgeting technique practiced by 3G Capital, which requires that every new budget start from scratch and every expense be justified. That looks good to investors, whose interests don’t necessarily align with those of the employees who might be shed along with the expenses. Unilever announced recently that it had reviewed its portfolio after the near-miss with Kraft Heinz and plans to sell or spin off its margarine and spreads business. The company’s effort to maximize shareholder value also included paying a higher dividend and seeking “greater efficiency in our cost base through zero-based budgeting.” Where Kraft Heinz hasn’t separated itself from the pack is in invigorating sales. Last year, it reported a 0.3 percent rise in organic net sales, excluding the impact of currency rates and divestitures. Weissman notes that while management may not have gotten the sales spike it had hoped for from the pantry of iconic products it bought, she does count some of its efforts as successful, citing the introduction of Heinz mustard to the consumer market as an example. “They’ve done a decent job renovating some of their portfolio,” she said. Short-term, Weissman expects Kraft Heinz to look for an acquisition target like Unilever that has extensive international operations, allowing ways to leverage North American brands into new markets worldwide. That issue also played a role in Zuanic’s focus on PepsiCo as a possible merger partner. “From the Unilever bid, we learned Kraft Heinz wants size (no news really) and international exposure (which should rule out General Mills),” the Susquehanna analyst wrote in a report last week. Kraft Heinz in February said it expects its integration program to deliver $1.7 billion in pretax savings by the end of 2017. After that, big rewards coming from the cost-cutting programs may start to dry up, and Weissman sees that as helping drive the push for another significant acquisition. The Unilever setback may have slowed the process, but the company’s managers will regroup, she said. “I think these guys are smart,” Weissman said. “They have a list of candidates.” The Omaha World-Herald is owned by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Warren Buffett More information After takeover bid, Unilever announces major overhaul THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — Consumer products giant Unilever is overhauling its operations and returning billions of dollars to shareholders… Kraft Heinz decision to withdraw Unilever offer fits Buffett’s ‘take it or leave it’ negotiation style Kraft Heinz pulls $143 billion Unilever offer after early interest Kraft Heinz still hungry for Unilever after rejected offer Tags Kraft Heinz Co. Brittany E. Weissman Company Economics H.j. Heinz Co. Commerce Technique Berkshire Hathaway Inc Consumer Recommended for you Featured Businesses The Fountains Ballroom West 4714 N. 120th St, Omaha, NE 68164 402-496-3000 Dr. Josh Evans 8901 Indian Hills Dr, Omaha , NE 68114 402-397-7057 Mortgage Specialists, LLC 8420 W Dodge Road, Ste 113, Omaha, NE 68114 402-991-5153 Midwest Products Lighting 402-896-3618 Shelly Ragan - CBSHome 15950 W Dodge Rd, Ste 200, Omaha, NE 68118 402-672-5522 NP Dodge Real Estate Blair NE Blair Office 1449 Washington St, Blair, NE 68008 402-426-5008 In case you missed it Hy-Vee is adding clothing boutiques to select stores in Omaha and Lincoln Convenience stores put a bigger focus on food as they aim to capitalize on a trend Cabela's stockholders face hit of $4 per share in revised Bass Pro sale plan OPPD ratepayers will pay more than $1 billion to decommission Fort Calhoun nuclear plant 30 Millard, Elkhorn students get a crash course in programming at Coding for Girls Camp Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices seeks wealthy Chinese buyers for U.S. houses Buffett charity commits to aiding young women of color, to tune of $90 million Berkshire sells Wells Fargo shares to get under threshold for being labeled a holding company Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion ePaper Full site index Buy & sell Autos, Cars, New & Used Vehicles Classifieds Daily Deal Omaha FindIt Real Estate & Homes in Omaha Jobs Omaha, Employment Legal notices Weekly ads Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team Omaha.com, Omaha, Neb. ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Oracle to acquire ad measurement firm Moat Oracle has announced that it is acquiring Moat to strengthen its presence in the media and marketing sectors. By Tas Bindi | April 19, 2017 -- 05:11 GMT (22:11 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Oracle has announced that it is acquiring ad measurement firm Moat for an undisclosed amount as part of its push into the media and marketing sectors. Founded in 2010, Moat allows advertisers and publishers to measure and track online ads. The company has raised more than $67 million in venture funding to date and boasts customers such as Facebook, Nestle, Procter & Gamble, Snapchat, Twitter, and Unilever. what's hot on zdnet ​Samsung's Galaxy S8 does DeX: Is it a Chromebook challenger or virtual desktop play? Robots in the cloud: How robotics-as-a-service can help your business Ransomware is now so awful it's actually making us take security seriously How to set up a new Windows 10 PC perfectly in one hour or less In a statement on Tuesday, Oracle said Moat will bring data and analytics capabilities aimed at enhancing media buying for marketers and publishers. "With the Moat acquisition, Oracle Data Cloud now offers brands and publishers a full suite of targeting and measurement solutions to improve the outcome of virtually every type of digital advertising campaign," said Eric Roza, senior vice president and general manager of Oracle Data Cloud, in a statement. Moat will remain an independent platform within the Oracle Data Cloud division and Moat founder and CEO Jonah Goodhart will continue to run the division within Oracle, the companies said. At this stage, Oracle maintains that it's still reviewing the existing Moat product roadmap and is not able to provide further details as to what kind of features or capabilities it plans to add to Moat. Moat is not Oracle's first marketing tech-related acquisition. Back in 2014, the company acquired BlueKai, which takes a company's customer data and augments it with other information for personalised marketing campaigns, and Datalogix, which allows marketers to track how online advertising influences offline buying. In the last six months, Oracle has also made a slew of other acquisitions. Earlier this week, Oracle said it acquiring Wercker, a Dutch startup that provides tools for automating the process of testing and deploying code, to strengthen its container management offering. At the start of the year, Oracle acquired API development startup Apiary, known for its APIFlow platform that allows developers to build, test, and monitor APIs while supporting API Blueprint and OpenAPI industry standards. Oracle also bought DNS powerhouse Dyn in November last year to provide customers access to Dyn's traffic and performance tools, as well as allow them to optimise costs and boost website-based revenue streams. That same month, Oracle closed its $9.3 billion purchase of NetSuite to expand its cloud footprint and total addressable market into smaller companies. Meanwhile, Adobe and Salesforce are also continuing their to push into the marketing tech sector with marketing "clouds" of their own. Towards the end of last year, Adobe announced the acquisition of video advertising company TubeMogul for $540 million, while Salesforce purchased AI marketing company Krux for $700 million. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Artificial Intelligence Baidu powers up autonomous efforts with Bosch deal in China Hardware Samsung completes 2nd gen 10-nanometer process Innovation F8: Facebook positions itself as an innovator across several fronts Innovation Facebook wants to help you communicate directly from your brain via non-invasive sensors × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Surfactants Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Surfactants market accounted for $31.12 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $47.53 billion by 2022 growing at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 6.2% during the forecast period 2015 to 2022. Increasing demand for surfactants in personal care applications, new investments and upcoming projects in emerging economies are the factors propelling the market growth. On the other hand, expensive raw material costs, stringent government regulations are the restraints inhibiting the market growth. The amphoteric surfactants segment has a share around 7% of the global market in 2015 and is projected to have highest growth rate during the forecast period. Synthetic surfactants of substrate types hold the major share in the surfactants market, as of 2015. However, due to strict regulations, bio-based surfactants are expected to grow at a highest CAGR in the future. Asia Pacific is also expected to grow at the highest growth rate owing to the growth in segments such as personal care, oilfield chemical, pharmaceuticals, etc. The second largest consumer of surfactants is North America followed by Europe. Some of the key players in global surfactants market include Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, Akzonobel N.V., BASF SE, Clariant AG, Dupont EI DE Nemours & Co., Evonik Industries AG, Henkel AG & Co. KGAA, Huntsman Corporation, KAO Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company, Stepan Company, Croda International PLC, Solvay, RHODIA S.A., P&G Chemicals, and Lion Corporation. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/surfactants-market-2016 Products Covered: • Amphoteric Surfactants • Cationic Surfactants • Non-Anionic Surfactants o Amine Oxides o Alcohol Ethoxylates (AE) o Alkyl Phenol Ethoxylates • Anionic Surfactants o Alpha Olefin Sulfonates (AOS) o Linear Alkylbenzene Sulfonate (LAS) o Methyl Ester Sulfonates (MES) o Secondary Alkane Sulfonate (SAS) o Sulfosuccinates o FAI Ether Sulfates • Other Products o Fluorosurfactants o Silicone Applications Covered: • Crop Protection • Elastomers and plastics Industry • Food Industry • Oilfield Chemicals • Personal Care Industry • Pharmaceutical Industry • Soap/detergent Industry • Textile Industry • Home Care • Paints & Coatings • Construction • Other Applications Substrate Types Covered: • Bio-based surfactants o Bio Surfactants o Chemically Synthesized Bio-Based Surfactants • Synthetic Surfactants Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/surfactants-market-2016 https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Intelligent Battery Charger Market 2017-2021 Forecasts Report Next PostNext 2017-2021 Sanitary Ware Industry Review & Forecasts Research Report Search Recent Posts Sildenafil Drug Market 2016-2026 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Global Bacterial Biopesticides Sales 2017 Market Survey Study Analysis and Overview: Industry Trend, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Global Tubular Heater industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Ammonium Lauryl Sulphate Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Analysis of Global Aerospace Bearings Sales Market 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Oleochemicals Fatty Acids market is estimated at $17.73 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $30.62 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2015 to 2022. Some of the key drivers of the market include consumer-driven demand and recyclability. Moreover, demand for food & beverages, soaps & detergents act as opportunities for the market growth. Exposure to consumer trends is favouring markets such as cleaning, beauty and food. Asia-Pacific held the largest share in 2015, China being the top contributor. Japan, China and India are the prominent countries with a huge demand for oleochemicals. Growing applications of oleochemicals in the soaps & detergents industry is boosting investments in the oleochemicals market. The demand for oleochemicals is rising in the pharmaceutical & personal care industry as consumers are becoming conscious about the environmental benefits and cost effectiveness offered by oleochemicals. Significant mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, and joint ventures are the industry trends that are playing a major role for the market growth. Some of the key players in the market include 3F Group, Amyris, Arizona Chemical Company LLC, Cargill Incorporated, CREMER, Emery Oleochemicals, Evonik Industries, Genomatica, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, KLK OLEO, Mery Oleochemicals, P&G Chemicals, PT Musim Mas, Solazyme, Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company Pvt. Ltd and Wilmar International Ltd,. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-market-2016 Products Covered: • Distilled Fatty Acids • Stearic Acid • Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids • Fractionated Fatty Acids • Glycerin • Fatty Alcohols • Oleic Acid • Caproic Acid Applications Covered: • Food and Beverages • Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care • Polymers • Soaps and Detergents • Agrochemicals • Lubricant & Grease • Coating & Resin • Paper, Candles and Waxes • Other Applications Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-market-2016 https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Marcus Hiles – Discusses Austin’s Designation as the National Top Place for Startups Next PostNext Away-From-Home Tissue and Hygiene in Azerbaijan Overview, Trends and Forecasts Search Recent Posts Global Nilotinib Market Forecast to 2022 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure Nevirapine Market Forecast 2022: Global & Chinese Key Manufactures, Challenges, Opportunities Oxygen Concentrator Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 North America HVAC Market By Category (Direct Expansion and Central HVAC Systems), By End Use Sector (Commercial, Residential and Industrial), By Country (United States, Mexico, Canada, etc.) Competition Forecast & Opportunities, 2012-2022 Automotive Brake System Market Report 2017-2027 Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Latest News Dow 20,404 -118.79 -0.58% Nasdaq 5,863 +13.56 +0.23% S&P 500 2,338 -4.02 -0.17% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.5% lower at 11,957.22 3:02 A.M. ET Updated Fund managers are loving European stocks despite the French election jitters 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,100.64 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% lower at 4,989.74 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 376.45 2:56 A.M. ET Unilever sales rise, but lag in Europe, U.S. 2:53 A.M. ET Debenhams profit falls; interim dividend unchanged 2:43 A.M. ET Updated This robot explains why you shouldn’t worry about artificial intelligence 2:36 A.M. ET Atlas Copco buys full control of Taiwan's CSKT 2:36 A.M. ET Sky profit falls 11% on soccer TV costs, ad slide 2:34 A.M. ET Moneysupermarket.com sees 2017 on track 2:34 A.M. ET Acacia Mining revenue up 6% on gold price rise 2:33 A.M. ET Unilever revenue rises 6.1% 2:18 A.M. ET Rio Tinto trims copper production target 2:17 A.M. ET Axel Springer buys stake in Uber 2:16 A.M. ET ECB officials warn on cutting stimulus too soon 2:15 A.M. ET National Grid plans share consolidation 2:11 A.M. ET German March producer prices steady in March 1:45 A.M. ET Pernod sales lifted by U.S., Europe markets 1:44 A.M. ET Publicis dragged down by loss of U.S. accounts Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Electric Shavers Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024Global Electric Shavers Market: Overview By Published: Apr 19, 2017 5:48 p.m. ET Share LONDON, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Electric shavers have gained rapid demand among the consumers over the past few years. The global shavers market is still dominated by the non-electric shaver segment, yet the demand for the same has seen a decline over the past few years. This is due to the convenience that is offered by electric shavers. Further, consumer awareness regarding hygiene is another factor that is complementing the growth of this market at present. They are widely used for the removal of unwanted hair that appears on the face or on other parts of the body. This process is done by the use of rotating or oscillating blades that are placed behind a metal guard. Electric shavers provide the most convenient form of shaving, hence they are gaining rapid acceptance among the consumers. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4833596/ The global electric shavers market has been segmented on the basis of product, distribution channel, end use and region. The report provides the current market size and anticipates its status over the forecast period. The report also analyzes factors driving and inhibiting growth of the electric shavers market. The report will help manufacturers, suppliers, and distributors to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate strategies accordingly. Global Electric Shavers Market: Drivers and Restraints Electric shavers are gaining rapid demand due to consumer inclination towards automation. This is also fuelled due to consumer exposure to new technologies, which are done by way of advertisements and promotions through several channels. Increased spending capacity towards luxury items is another key factor which is complementing the growth. Population plays a key role in the growth of this market, although a very small percentage of the global population make up for the electrical shavers market at present. The market is however, restrained by the high price of electric shavers and widespread availability of its non-electrical counterparts in the market. The global electrical shavers market is highly restrained by the high price of these products. The types of electrical shavers such as rotary shaver, foil shaver, clippers and wet/dry shaver are priced on the higher side due to which majority of the consumers refrain themselves from buying such products and they opt for conventional shaving products which are significantly cheaper than electrical shavers, although the same increases the overall expenditure on personal care products. Further, due to the high price of the products, the manufacturers of electric shavers are facing difficulties in exploring the potential regions for expansion opportunities. Further, electrical shavers face a major threat from their non-electrical counter parts in form of internal substitutes. Due to the widespread presence of its substitutes, consumers at present are focused on non electrical shavers due to which the market for electrical shavers is experiencing a slow growth at present. However, entry of small scale players is expected to pave the way for low cost electric shavers in the market which is expected to gain consumer attraction. Since, majority of the consumers refrain themselves from buying such products due its high price, availability of low cost electric shavers would ensure proper growth of the market in the future, thus posing to be a suitable growth opportunity for the market. Global Electric Shavers Market: Key Segments The global electric shavers market has been segmented on the basis of product types into foil shavers, rotary shavers, wet/dry shavers, clippers and accessories. Clippers dominated the market in terms of revenue and volume, accounting for the major market share in 2015 and are expected to retain market dominance throughout the forecast period. Clippers are majorly used for cutting/trimming facial hair. Clippers are mostly preferred for cutting long hair and also since they come with varied type of attachments which are inclusive of guard combs of various sizes. They are also considered to be suitable alternatives for scissors. Majority of the salons and parlors have adopted the usage of clippers to cut long hair. The market is also segmented on the basis of distribution channel into health & beauty stores, general merchandising/mass stores, supermarkets & hypermarkets and others. Supermarkets and hypermarkets accounted for the major market share in 2015 and are expected to retain market dominance throughout the forecast period. However, online channels are a lucrative target segment for the manufacturers of electric shavers. Due to the rapid advancements in technology and high adoption of 4G and 5G technologies among the consumers, online channels have proved to be a successful platform for the players operating in the field of electric shavers, by way of gaining a broader consumer base. The market is further segmented on the basis of end use into male and female. Males dominated the electric shaver segments owing to widespread adoption of the same among the male population. However, females have become a lucrative target audience for the manufacturers of electric shavers. The adoption rate of electric shavers among the female population has increased over time and is growing at a rapid pace. Global Electric Shavers Market: Regional Overview Geographically, Europe dominated the electric shavers market, in terms of revenue and volume. Consumer adoption of such products among both genders is the highest in the European countries such as Germany, U.K. France, Italy and others. High purchasing power of the consumers in Europe is another factor for the high revenue growth of this market in the European region. Asia Pacific is another major region for the electric shavers market. Rapid urbanization in countries such as India and China among others has led to an increase in the purchasing power of the consumers, which in turn has complemented the growth of the electric shavers market in Asia Pacific. Transition in lifestyle of the consumers is another major reason for the switch from conventional shaving products to electrical shavers. Asia Pacific is also the fastest growing market for electric shavers. Companies Mentioned in Report Some of the key players operating in the market are Procter & Gamble, Koninklijke Philips N.V., Spectrum Brand Holdings, Panasonic Corporation and Conair Corporation. The report segments the electric shavers market as: Global Electric Shavers Market, by Product Type: Foil Shavers Rotary Shavers Wet/Dry Shavers Accessories Clippers Global Electric Shavers Market, by Distribution Channel: Health & Beauty Stores General Merchandising/Mass Stores Supermarkets & Hypermarkets Other Global Electric Shavers Market, by End Use: Male Female Global Electric Shavers Market, by Region: North America U.S. Rest of North America Europe Germany U.K. France Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East U.A.E. Rest of Middle East Africa South Africa Rest of Africa Latin America Brazil Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4833596/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/electric-shavers-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024global-electric-shavers-market-overview-300442300.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular How the Trump stock market ranks as he nears his 100th day in office Book a private jet on your smartphone — for less than a first-class flight This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil The future of video games may be a full-body experience MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Electric Shavers Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024Global Electric Shavers Market: Overview News provided by ReportBuyer Apr 19, 2017, 17:48 ET Share this article LONDON, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Electric shavers have gained rapid demand among the consumers over the past few years. The global shavers market is still dominated by the non-electric shaver segment, yet the demand for the same has seen a decline over the past few years. This is due to the convenience that is offered by electric shavers. Further, consumer awareness regarding hygiene is another factor that is complementing the growth of this market at present. They are widely used for the removal of unwanted hair that appears on the face or on other parts of the body. This process is done by the use of rotating or oscillating blades that are placed behind a metal guard. Electric shavers provide the most convenient form of shaving, hence they are gaining rapid acceptance among the consumers. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4833596/ The global electric shavers market has been segmented on the basis of product, distribution channel, end use and region. The report provides the current market size and anticipates its status over the forecast period. The report also analyzes factors driving and inhibiting growth of the electric shavers market. The report will help manufacturers, suppliers, and distributors to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate strategies accordingly. Global Electric Shavers Market: Drivers and Restraints Electric shavers are gaining rapid demand due to consumer inclination towards automation. This is also fuelled due to consumer exposure to new technologies, which are done by way of advertisements and promotions through several channels. Increased spending capacity towards luxury items is another key factor which is complementing the growth. Population plays a key role in the growth of this market, although a very small percentage of the global population make up for the electrical shavers market at present. The market is however, restrained by the high price of electric shavers and widespread availability of its non-electrical counterparts in the market. The global electrical shavers market is highly restrained by the high price of these products. The types of electrical shavers such as rotary shaver, foil shaver, clippers and wet/dry shaver are priced on the higher side due to which majority of the consumers refrain themselves from buying such products and they opt for conventional shaving products which are significantly cheaper than electrical shavers, although the same increases the overall expenditure on personal care products. Further, due to the high price of the products, the manufacturers of electric shavers are facing difficulties in exploring the potential regions for expansion opportunities. Further, electrical shavers face a major threat from their non-electrical counter parts in form of internal substitutes. Due to the widespread presence of its substitutes, consumers at present are focused on non electrical shavers due to which the market for electrical shavers is experiencing a slow growth at present. However, entry of small scale players is expected to pave the way for low cost electric shavers in the market which is expected to gain consumer attraction. Since, majority of the consumers refrain themselves from buying such products due its high price, availability of low cost electric shavers would ensure proper growth of the market in the future, thus posing to be a suitable growth opportunity for the market. Global Electric Shavers Market: Key Segments The global electric shavers market has been segmented on the basis of product types into foil shavers, rotary shavers, wet/dry shavers, clippers and accessories. Clippers dominated the market in terms of revenue and volume, accounting for the major market share in 2015 and are expected to retain market dominance throughout the forecast period. Clippers are majorly used for cutting/trimming facial hair. Clippers are mostly preferred for cutting long hair and also since they come with varied type of attachments which are inclusive of guard combs of various sizes. They are also considered to be suitable alternatives for scissors. Majority of the salons and parlors have adopted the usage of clippers to cut long hair. The market is also segmented on the basis of distribution channel into health & beauty stores, general merchandising/mass stores, supermarkets & hypermarkets and others. Supermarkets and hypermarkets accounted for the major market share in 2015 and are expected to retain market dominance throughout the forecast period. However, online channels are a lucrative target segment for the manufacturers of electric shavers. Due to the rapid advancements in technology and high adoption of 4G and 5G technologies among the consumers, online channels have proved to be a successful platform for the players operating in the field of electric shavers, by way of gaining a broader consumer base. The market is further segmented on the basis of end use into male and female. Males dominated the electric shaver segments owing to widespread adoption of the same among the male population. However, females have become a lucrative target audience for the manufacturers of electric shavers. The adoption rate of electric shavers among the female population has increased over time and is growing at a rapid pace. Global Electric Shavers Market: Regional Overview Geographically, Europe dominated the electric shavers market, in terms of revenue and volume. Consumer adoption of such products among both genders is the highest in the European countries such as Germany, U.K. France, Italy and others. High purchasing power of the consumers in Europe is another factor for the high revenue growth of this market in the European region. Asia Pacific is another major region for the electric shavers market. Rapid urbanization in countries such as India and China among others has led to an increase in the purchasing power of the consumers, which in turn has complemented the growth of the electric shavers market in Asia Pacific. Transition in lifestyle of the consumers is another major reason for the switch from conventional shaving products to electrical shavers. Asia Pacific is also the fastest growing market for electric shavers. Companies Mentioned in Report Some of the key players operating in the market are Procter & Gamble, Koninklijke Philips N.V., Spectrum Brand Holdings, Panasonic Corporation and Conair Corporation. The report segments the electric shavers market as: Global Electric Shavers Market, by Product Type: Foil Shavers Rotary Shavers Wet/Dry Shavers Accessories Clippers Global Electric Shavers Market, by Distribution Channel: Health & Beauty Stores General Merchandising/Mass Stores Supermarkets & Hypermarkets Other Global Electric Shavers Market, by End Use: Male Female Global Electric Shavers Market, by Region: North America U.S. Rest of North America Europe Germany U.K. France Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East U.A.E. Rest of Middle East Africa South Africa Rest of Africa Latin America Brazil Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4833596/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/electric-shavers-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024global-electric-shavers-market-overview-300442300.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Apr 19, 2017, 18:56 ET Preview: Strontium Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 Apr 19, 2017, 17:42 ET Preview: Functional Flour Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 - 2025Global Functional Flour Market: Overview My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 19, 2017, 18:56 ETStrontium Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth,... Apr 19, 2017, 17:42 ETFunctional Flour Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Electric Shavers Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024Global Electric Shavers Market: Overview News provided by ReportBuyer Apr 19, 2017, 17:48 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH IoT ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers TV’s ad bucket is leaking April 19, 2017 The near-5 million new Netflix subscribers reported this week (and taking its overall total to 100 million this coming weekend) is another indicator that ‘conventional’ advertising supported linear TV is under extreme pressures. Add in the drift of advertising from TV to online video, digital, social media and mobile, and there are plenty of elements in place for the perfect storm. An equity research report from Deutsche Bank today admits that the “end of TV advertising” has been prematurely made many times in the past. “But a pattern is emerging over the past 9 months of traditional, “linear” TV failing to grow in line with improving consumer confidence and GDP trends. This is of particular concern now as our channel checks are showing unexpected weakness in European ad markets in Q2. Linear TV is not collapsing, but new campaigns are seeing a far larger share going to online video, social and mobile. A lower gearing to macro momentum removes the primary reason to own TV stocks. It makes the recovery trade in French & Spanish TV stocks particularly vulnerable.” Deutsche Bank advises clients to sell their holdings in French networks TF1 and M6.  “We downgrade TF1, M6 and Spain’s Antena 3 and Pro7Sat-1to ‘HOLD’.” The bank’s note continues, saying: “We have conducted our regular channel checks with 9 advertising agencies on their TV advertising bookings in the past 3 weeks. We find that softer spend by their advertising clients is causing agencies to downgrade full-year forecasts across all major markets. Particularly surprising is the slowing in Germany after an already lacklustre 2016, the risks around French spending into the election period and continuing cuts in the UK despite a strong consumer backdrop.” The bank admits that media buying forecasts can be volatile. “But over the past 6 months, the pattern of TV ad spend dislocating with macro measures has been growing. This has become more evident since the start of this year. Investors seem to have been put at ease by the headlines of P&G’s move away from Facebook, the YouTube boycott and concerns over online ad fraud & “bots”. But while digital has teething issues, the shift of eyeballs and ad spend is inexorable. Online advertising is now twice as large as TV in the UK and grew by 17 percent last year vs TV down 4 percent (IAB & Deutsche Bank estimates). Online is on track to overtake TV in the US this year. This spend has to come from somewhere. Official statistics on ad share, showing TV stable, are increasingly outdated, in our view.” Related posts: “Sell” ITV, bank tells investors TF1: A warning for linear TV Digital ad-spend hits record high DT: Advertisers should subsidise mobile data O3b buyout: “Why the rush?” You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS Ultra HD cricket from Sky HBO, Sky launch new global drama powerhouse AOL, Twitter content partnership BritBox now on Roku Fubo scores Chelsea TV deal 60% US 'net homes have at least 1 connected TV Sling TV goes OTT on LG Smart TVs MX1, Vubiquity global linear distribution deal Nielsen, Google team for ad impression measurement Vivendi ordered to cut TI or Mediaset stake Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    IoT    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Pair of Associate Creative Directors Join We Are Unlimited Advertisement NEXT:TBWA Promoted Hristos Varouhas to Lead Global Strategy for Apple at Media Arts Lab PREVIOUS:The FDA's Anti-Tobacco Wing Extends Its $625 Million Relationship with FCB for Another 5 Years Revolving Door Pair of Associate Creative Directors Join We Are Unlimited By Erik Oster on Apr. 19, 2017 - 2:40 PMComment Omnicom’s We Are Unlimited, the agency launched to service McDonald’s last November,after McDonald’s chose to consolidate its advertising account with Omnicom in August, welcomed associate creative directors Caroline Holyk and Jonathan Pliego. The duo joins We Are Unlimited from SapientRazorfish, where they spent the past six months in associate creative director roles, leading work across J.M. Smucker brands while also working with clients including T-Mobile, Esurance and Colorado’s Children Hospital. Before joining SapientRazorfish, Holyk spent over two and a half years as a senior copywriter with Energy BBDO, working with clients such as Wrigley, Lay’s, Aleve, Ziploc and Quaker. That followed nearly two years in that position with DigitasLBi, focusing on the agency’s Sprint account. Pliego arrived at SapientRazorfish following nearly a year and a half as an associate creative director with Mirum, working with clients including P&G, the MLB’s San Diego Padres, Puma Cobra Golf, Mazda North America, Rolex, PetCo and American Family Insurance. That followed a under a year as a freelance associate creative director with ViTRO and an earlier stint with Razorfish, where he spent three and a half years serving as an art director on accounts including Kraft, Samsung Mobile, Google, Acura, Motorola and Southwest Airlines. “We’re excited to join all the talented people at We Are Unlimited and hit the ground running,” Holyk and Pliego said in a statement. “Awesome work is being produced and the energy here is incredible!” < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Texarkana, TX Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Roanoke, VA Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Winston Salem, NC Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Rochester, NY Awards, Honors & Events Intern Adweek New York City, New York (US) See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Hair Styling Gels Global Market 2017- Henkel, Kao, L’Oreal, P&G, Unilever, Avon Hair Styling Gels Report Details: This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Top Key Palyers: Henkel Kao L’Oreal P&G Unilever Avon Combe Estee Lauder Johnson & Johnson Revlon Shiseido World Hair Cosmetics  Click here for sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1198770-global-hair-styling-gels-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Hair Styling Gels in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Men Styling Hair Gel Women Styling Hair Gel On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Hair Styling Gels for each application, including Online Sales Offline Sales Some Major Points from Table of content: Global Hair Styling Gels Market Research Report 2017 1 Hair Styling Gels Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Hair Styling Gels 1.2 Hair Styling Gels Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Hair Styling Gels Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Hair Styling Gels Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Men Styling Hair Gel 1.2.4 Women Styling Hair Gel 1.3 Global Hair Styling Gels Segment by Application 1.3.1 Hair Styling Gels Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Online Sales 1.3.3 Offline Sales 1.4 Global Hair Styling Gels Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Hair Styling Gels Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Hair Styling Gels (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Hair Styling Gels Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Hair Styling Gels Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022)  For Detailed Reading Please visit @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1198770-global-hair-styling-gels-market-research-report-2017    7 Global Hair Styling Gels Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Henkel 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Hair Styling Gels Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Henkel Hair Styling Gels Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Kao 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Hair Styling Gels Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Kao Hair Styling Gels Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 L’Oreal 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Hair Styling Gels Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 L’Oreal Hair Styling Gels Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 P&G 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Hair Styling Gels Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 P&G Hair Styling Gels Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Unilever 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Hair Styling Gels Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Unilever Hair Styling Gels Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Avon 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Hair Styling Gels Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Avon Hair Styling Gels Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Combe 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Hair Styling Gels Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Combe Hair Styling Gels Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview  ..…Continued Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1198770   About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesUncategorized TagsFashion, Google News, Hair Conditioner Market, Hair Styling Gels, Hair Styling Gels Analysis, Hair Styling Gels Market Growth, Hair Styling Gels Sales, Hair Styling Gels Share, Hair Styling Gels Trends, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Water Colloidal Coating Market Research Report 2017 Next PostNext Grammy-Award Winner Zedd Named Special Guest of Budweiser InfieldFest at the 142nd Preakness Search Recent Posts Sildenafil Drug Market 2016-2026 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Global Bacterial Biopesticides Sales 2017 Market Survey Study Analysis and Overview: Industry Trend, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Global Tubular Heater industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Ammonium Lauryl Sulphate Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Analysis of Global Aerospace Bearings Sales Market 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Hair Care Products Market 2017 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 „Hair Care Products Market” WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “Global Hair Care Products Market 2017 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2022”. PUNE, INDIA, April 19, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — In this report, the global Hair Care Products market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Hair Care Products in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1198768-global-hair-care-products-market-research-report-2017 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Global Hair Care Products market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Henkel Kao L’Oreal P&G Unilever Avon Combe Estee Lauder Johnson & Johnson Revlon Shiseido World Hair Cosmetics On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Shampoo Hair Conditioners Hair Colorants Hair Growth Products Hair Styling Mousses and Gels Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Hair Care Products for each application, including Online Sales Offline Sales If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1198768-global-hair-care-products-market-research-report-2017 Table Of Contents – Major Key Points Global Hair Care Products Market Research Report 2017 1 Hair Care Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Hair Care Products 1.2 Hair Care Products Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Hair Care Products Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Hair Care Products Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Shampoo 1.2.4 Hair Conditioners 1.2.5 Hair Colorants 1.2.6 Hair Growth Products 1.2.7 Hair Styling Mousses and Gels 1.2.8 Other 1.3 Global Hair Care Products Segment by Application 1.3.1 Hair Care Products Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Online Sales 1.3.3 Offline Sales 1.4 Global Hair Care Products Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Hair Care Products Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Hair Care Products (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Hair Care Products Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Hair Care Products Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Hair Care Products Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Hair Care Products Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Hair Care Products Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Hair Care Products Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Hair Care Products Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Hair Care Products Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Hair Care Products Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Hair Care Products Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Hair Care Products Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Hair Care Products Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion ……… 7 Global Hair Care Products Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Henkel 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Hair Care Products Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Henkel Hair Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Kao 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Hair Care Products Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Kao Hair Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 L’Oreal 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Hair Care Products Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 L’Oreal Hair Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 P&G 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Hair Care Products Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 P&G Hair Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Unilever 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Hair Care Products Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Unilever Hair Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Avon 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Hair Care Products Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Avon Hair Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Combe 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Hair Care Products Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Combe Hair Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Estee Lauder 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Hair Care Products Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Estee Lauder Hair Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview Continued……. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1198768 Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aerostat Systems Market Major Manufacturers, Trends, Demand, Share Analysis to 2022 Next PostNext Color Concentrates Market Research 2017; Region Wise Analysis of Top Players in Market by its Types and Application Search Recent Posts Lactobacillus Bulgaricus Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 Lactobacillus Casei Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 Research Developments Project Lactobacillus Lactis Market to Gain Maximum Growth By 2022 DCM Is an Experienced Award-Winning Investment Partner New Lactobacillus Acidophilus Market Report Explores the Overview with Forecast To 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Indian firms and H1B visas | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, Apr 19 2017. 05 18 AM IST Lighthouse Funds plans $200 million third fund, its largest so far Lighthouse Funds currently has a corpus of approximately $235 million Subscribe to our newsletter. Deborshi Chaki Set up by Krishnaswami and Sean Novak, Lighthouse typically invests in the range of $5-20 million per transaction in consumer-facing firms. India-focused Lighthouse Funds is readying to raise its third and largest private equity (PE) fund, a top executive said. “Following the success of our last two funds, we are looking to raise $200 million for our third fund,” said Mukund Krishnaswami, founding partner of Lighthouse. Set up by Krishnaswami and Sean Novak, Lighthouse typically invests in the range of $5-20 million per transaction in consumer-facing firms. The fund inducted Sachin Bhartiya as a partner in 2007. Lighthouse Funds currently has a corpus of approximately $235 million. The PE fund has raised two funds of $100 million and $135 million. It has invested in 17 companies since it raised its first fund in 2009. “From the first fund we have made 11 investments and exited six, and have made one partial exit in a company called XSEED Education. At the time of investment, XSEED, which developed specialized academic programmes for its member schools, had close to 50,000 students enrolled and will end this academic year with approximately 1.6 million students,” Krishnaswami said. In the past year, Lighthouse exited its 2010 investment in agro-chemicals formulation firm Dhanuka Agritech Ltd, and its investment in premium biscuit maker Unibic Foods, in which it sold its stake to Peepul Capital for an undisclosed sum. Early this year, Lighthouse also sold its stake in Kolkata-based diagnostic chain, Suraksha Diagnostics, the details of which weren’t made public. “We exited Suraksha at a range of exit multiples between 2.5x-7x on invested capital… Overall, Lighthouse has returned 1.7x of invested capital, with four assets still to exit,” Krishnaswami said. Lighthouse closed its second fund in 2015 at $135 million, receiving a $42 million investment commitment from the US government’s development finance institution Overseas Private Investment Corporation. From the second fund, Lighthouse has made six investments till date. In March, the PE fund picked up a stake in Delhi-based non-banking financial company Capital Trust Ltd. It invested in Indian ethnic apparel and home accessories brand Fabindia in the previous month. The fund’s other notable investments include leading snack foods firm Bikaji Foods International and personal care brand Kama Ayurveda. To help its portfolio firms scale up, the PE fund has created an operating executive council, comprising a team of industry veterans including Ravi Chaturvedi, a former global president of Procter and Gamble Co. He works directly with the companies in Lighthouse’s portfolio. According to the India private equity 2017 report by Bain India, capital-raising is expected to be top priority for funds in 2017. However, investors surveyed also believe that the fund-raising environment will get more challenging this year. “A majority of funds reported greater participation from LPs (limited partners) in the form of passive co-investment rights in their current portfolio. Funds expect LPs to play a more active role in 2017 and will likely offer more co-investment opportunities,” the report said. India continued to be an attractive destination for investments. Fund allocations to India in 2016 increased by 8% over the previous year. The PE firms in the country were sitting on a dry powder of $9 billion, which was similar to 2015, reaffirming the potential for investments in the Indian market. Deborshi Chaki Topics: Lighthouse Funds private equity PE funds fund raising investments More From Livemint READ MORE Vladimir Putin-linked think tank drew up plan to sway 2016 US election: reports IPL 2017: Kane Williamson, bowlers set up Sunrisers’ 15-run win over Delhi Daredevils Review: Coolpad Note 5 Lite defies limited specs with a convincing user experience First Published: Wed, Apr 19 2017. 12 22 AM IST Editor's Picks As US visa troubles deepen, more Indians look to come back What led to the crisis at Snapdeal? Coca-Cola’s new ad featuring Deepika Padukone goes viral Latest News Global gold prices steady on geopolitical worries amid firm dollar Supreme Court approves e-auction of Taj Mansingh Hotel Siddaramaiah-led bypoll wins boost Congress morale in Karnataka India, Nepal to deepen cooperation in security, trade, energy: MEA Power utilization continues to drop due to supply glut: report Mint On Sunday The fairy tale rise of Aizawl FC India’s African heritage Honey, I know what you did last night Letter from... the Republic of Jugaad Jellyfisher Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Olympian, Dancing with the Stars Champion Laurie Hernandez Shares the Spotlight with Her Mom in New Campaign for Febreze at Walmart Olympian and Dancing with the Stars champion Laurie Hernandez shares the spotlight with her mom Wanda in a new campaign for Febreze at Walmart. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 19, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sometimes, the things we love most can be stinky. Take active teenagers for instance. That’s why Olympic gold medalist and the youngest Dancing with the Stars champion in history, Laurie Hernandez and her mom, Wanda, are partnering with Febreze – available at Walmart – to introduce a fresh twist to the “I Love You, But Sometimes You Stink” campaign that launched earlier in 2017. Febreze at Walmart’s first Latina mother/daughter duo are promoting new Febreze with OdorClear™ technology – the product’s toughest formula to date – designed to seek out odor molecules, deactivate them and clean away odors better than ever before. The duo is currently starring in an Odor Ode video campaign that debuted this month and will appear nationwide on endcap TV in Walmart stores throughout August. Appearing together in video for the first time, the Hernandezes gravitated towards the Febreze campaign because it highlights love for and dedication to the most important things in our life…even when they stink. Through the campaign, Laurie had the opportunity to teach her mom a thing or two about dancing, while Wanda was able to show Laurie what eliminating those active teen odors is all about. Few people understand odors like parents of a teenage athlete, so as Laurie has persevered through a lot of sweat and tears to attain her dreams, her mom Wanda has been by her side supporting her. “We use Febreze all over the house, and we even take it in the car. Laurie is my third – and most active – stinky teen, so I’ve learned a thing or two by now,” Wanda said. A proprietary formula from Febreze, new OdorClear™ technology is made up of hard-working odor-eliminating agents. Compounds like odor trappers, odor converters, odor neutralizers and odor magnets work together to clean away odors in two simple ways: seeking out bad odors and cleaning them away altogether by deactivating and replacing them with a light, fresh scent. Some of the odor removal technology works instantly to eliminate odor and leave a fresh scent, while other technology activates over time and continues to work even after it is finished being sprayed. Video spots featuring the dancing Hernandez duo and new Febreze with OdorClear™ technology can be seen on YouTube, with Febreze products available to purchase in Walmart stores and at walmart.com/febreze. About Febreze In 1998, Procter & Gamble (P&G) gave households a breath of fresh air with the launch of Febreze®, known today as the preeminent brand for providing a fresh, clean scent and eliminating odors from fabrics and the air. Febreze® boasts a line of products with freshness capabilities that range from ridding of pet odors and tackling sweat stink to decorating the home with scent and freshening on the go. Febreze® continues to be one of the fastest growing brands in P&G’s portfolio of household brands and bring innovative products to market. Fresh air is an essential and basic human right, and that the air we breathe can give us “fresh starts.” About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts For Febreze: Procter & Gamble Tim Marrin, 479-200-7525 Marrin.TP@pg.com or Mitchell Communications Group Kay McDowell, 479-439-3772 kay.mcdowell@mitchcommgroup.com Release Summary Olympic gold medalist Laurie Hernandez and her mom, Wanda, are partnering with Febreze available at Walmart to promote the new Febreze with OdorClear™ technology in a campaign launching this month. Contacts For Febreze: Procter & Gamble Tim Marrin, 479-200-7525 Marrin.TP@pg.com or Mitchell Communications Group Kay McDowell, 479-439-3772 kay.mcdowell@mitchcommgroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Market Research Report: Global Electric Tooth Brush Market 2017-2021 Boston, MA — (SBWIRE) — 04/19/2017 — The increase in the purchasing power of personal care products across the globe has led to an increase in the discretionary expenditure of people. People mostly spend money on premium quality products. Given the efficacy of performance and styling options offered by electric grooming products, these products are being adopted by male consumers from mid- to high-income segments. Leading companies are therefore restructuring and reprioritizing their marketing activities to cater to the emerging customer segments, to gain competitive advantage and diversify their portfolio. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global electric toothbrush market to grow at a CAGR of 8.20% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global electric toothbrush market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of electric toothbrush. Get More Details on this Report and a Full Table of Contents at Global Electric Tooth Brush Market 2017-2021 The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Technavio’s report, Global Electric Toothbrush Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Colgate-Palmolive -Koninklijke Philips -P&G -Panasonic -Water Pik Other prominent vendors -Arm and Hammer -Conair -Mouth Watchers -OMRON Healthcare -Summer Infant -Brush-Baby Market driver -Desire for increased simplification and effective results -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -High competition among vendors -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Selective targeting of consumers -For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report -What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? -What are the key market trends? -What is driving this market? -What are the challenges to market growth? -Who are the key vendors in this market space? -What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? -What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned in this Report: Colgate-Palmolive, Koninklijke Philips, P&G, Panasonic, Water Pik, Arm and Hammer, Conair, Mouth Watchers, OMRON Healthcare, Summer Infant, Brush-Baby About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world’s top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at http://www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156. Browse all Consumer Goods research reports at Fast Market Research You may also be interested in these related reports: –Global Electric Hand Dryers Market 2017-2021 –Global Electric Griddle Market 2017-2021 –Global Commercial Electric Fryer Market 2016-2020 –Global Electric Shaver Market 2017-2021 –Global Electric Dryers Market 2016-2020 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Telkonet, Inc. (TKOI: OTCQB) | Telkonet Launches EcoSmart Mobile for Enhanced Tenant Engagement &amp; Energy Savings in Sustainable Communities Next PostNext L’ISACA lance une plateforme de formation et un outil d’évaluation de la cybersécurité en temps et en conditions réels Search Recent Posts Sildenafil Drug Market 2016-2026 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Global Bacterial Biopesticides Sales 2017 Market Survey Study Analysis and Overview: Industry Trend, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Global Tubular Heater industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Ammonium Lauryl Sulphate Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Analysis of Global Aerospace Bearings Sales Market 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Olympian, Dancing with the Stars Champion Laurie Hernandez Shares the Spotlight with Her Mom in New Campaign for Febreze at Walmart Olympian and Dancing with the Stars champion Laurie Hernandez shares the spotlight with her mom Wanda in a new campaign for Febreze at Walmart. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 19, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sometimes, the things we love most can be stinky. Take active teenagers for instance. That’s why Olympic gold medalist and the youngest Dancing with the Stars champion in history, Laurie Hernandez and her mom, Wanda, are partnering with Febreze – available at Walmart – to introduce a fresh twist to the “I Love You, But Sometimes You Stink” campaign that launched earlier in 2017. Febreze at Walmart’s first Latina mother/daughter duo are promoting new Febreze with OdorClear™ technology – the product’s toughest formula to date – designed to seek out odor molecules, deactivate them and clean away odors better than ever before. The duo is currently starring in an Odor Ode video campaign that debuted this month and will appear nationwide on endcap TV in Walmart stores throughout August. Appearing together in video for the first time, the Hernandezes gravitated towards the Febreze campaign because it highlights love for and dedication to the most important things in our life…even when they stink. Through the campaign, Laurie had the opportunity to teach her mom a thing or two about dancing, while Wanda was able to show Laurie what eliminating those active teen odors is all about. Few people understand odors like parents of a teenage athlete, so as Laurie has persevered through a lot of sweat and tears to attain her dreams, her mom Wanda has been by her side supporting her. “We use Febreze all over the house, and we even take it in the car. Laurie is my third – and most active – stinky teen, so I’ve learned a thing or two by now,” Wanda said. A proprietary formula from Febreze, new OdorClear™ technology is made up of hard-working odor-eliminating agents. Compounds like odor trappers, odor converters, odor neutralizers and odor magnets work together to clean away odors in two simple ways: seeking out bad odors and cleaning them away altogether by deactivating and replacing them with a light, fresh scent. Some of the odor removal technology works instantly to eliminate odor and leave a fresh scent, while other technology activates over time and continues to work even after it is finished being sprayed. Video spots featuring the dancing Hernandez duo and new Febreze with OdorClear™ technology can be seen on YouTube, with Febreze products available to purchase in Walmart stores and at walmart.com/febreze. About Febreze In 1998, Procter & Gamble (P&G) gave households a breath of fresh air with the launch of Febreze®, known today as the preeminent brand for providing a fresh, clean scent and eliminating odors from fabrics and the air. Febreze® boasts a line of products with freshness capabilities that range from ridding of pet odors and tackling sweat stink to decorating the home with scent and freshening on the go. Febreze® continues to be one of the fastest growing brands in P&G’s portfolio of household brands and bring innovative products to market. Fresh air is an essential and basic human right, and that the air we breathe can give us “fresh starts.” About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts For Febreze: Procter & Gamble Tim Marrin, 479-200-7525 Marrin.TP@pg.com or Mitchell Communications Group Kay McDowell, 479-439-3772 kay.mcdowell@mitchcommgroup.com Release Summary Olympic gold medalist Laurie Hernandez and her mom, Wanda, are partnering with Febreze available at Walmart to promote the new Febreze with OdorClear™ technology in a campaign launching this month. Contacts For Febreze: Procter & Gamble Tim Marrin, 479-200-7525 Marrin.TP@pg.com or Mitchell Communications Group Kay McDowell, 479-439-3772 kay.mcdowell@mitchcommgroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
News Business Style Beauty Shopping Careers Fashion Week Editors' Picks Events Join News Business Style Beauty Shopping Careers Fashion Week Editors' Picks Events Join News Cara Delevingne's Rimmel Mascara Ad Was Banned in the U.K. for Being 'Misleading' It's not the first time this has happened. Avatar: Author: Stephanie Saltzman Publish date: Apr 19, 2017 Social count: 45 It's not the first time this has happened. 45 SHARES Cara Delevingne. Photo: Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images The Advertising Standards Authority in the U.K. (which has notoriously strict guidelines for transparency in marketing) ruled on Wednesday that a new Rimmel mascara ad featuring Cara Delevingne is "misleading," stating that "the ad must not appear again in its current form." The Guardian has found and posted the ad in question: It's fairly standard — if slightly over-produced — for a mascara commercial. You get the usual brush closeup, as well as an ultra-tight crop of Delevingne's lashes. The problem with that, according to the ASA? The lashes shown aren't her own, natural lashes, but lash inserts. The ASA also asserts that the commercial has been airbrushed excessively, contributing to the misleading nature of the visual representation. According to The Guardian, Rimmel's parent company, Coty U.K., defended the ad, "saying that while there had been post-production treatment, it still provided an accurate representation of the product and its characteristics." Women's Wear Daily reports that Rimmel "regret" the ASA's decision, but will nonetheless comply with its ruling, refraining from airing the commercial again on TV in its current form.  Mascara brands have come under fire for misleading consumers with false lashes stateside, too. In 2013, Maybelline's Volum'Express The Rocket Mascara was deemed "literally false" by the National Advertising Division, which falls under the Better Business Bureau. At that time, Maybelline refuted the claims by arguing that the fine print at the bottom of their ad offered sufficient transparency. "Women know that the product's results will differ for reasons such as their own personal features and makeup techniques," Rebecca Caruso, the vice president of communications for L'Oréal U.S.A. (Maybelline's parent company) said in an interview with The New York Times at the time. “They do not expect to look like the model in the ad." And even before that, a 2011 CoverGirl mascara ad featuring Taylor Swift was criticized for being overly manipulated, prompting Procter & Gamble to pull it from rotation. The ASA in the U.K. called out Dior for a Diorshow mascara print ad featuring Natalie Portman in 2012, and in 2010, it banned a Rimmel ad for using lash inserts on Georgia May Jagger, according to The New York Times.  While it would seem that this scenario is far from new (and certainly not limited to any one brand or company), there's still work to be done when it comes to transparency in cosmetics advertising. Sign up for our daily newsletter and get the latest industry news in your inbox every day.  Tags terms: makeupcara delevingneMaybellineASACoverGirlmascaraAdvertisementRimmel By Stephanie Saltzman Twitter: Twitter Instagram: Instagram 45 SHARES {{link.name}} © {{$root.currentTime|date:'yyyy'}} {{$root.config.copyrightHolder}} {{$root.config.analytics.providers.Comscore.badge}}
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Caldwell Partners Strengthens Consumer, Retail & eCommerce Sector with Addition of Consumer Specialist with Added Functional Expertise - Kathy Ventura joins firm's Stamford office - TORONTO, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Retained executive search firm The Caldwell Partners International Inc. (TSX: CWL) today announced a major enhancement to its recruiting capabilities with the addition of Kathy Ventura as a partner in the firm's consumer, e-commerce & retail, and marketing & communications practices, based in the firm's Stamford office. Ms. Ventura recruits senior executives in all areas of consumer products and services, including consumer technologies, automotive, lifestyle brands and consumer financial services. She also specializes in corporate reputation leadership roles, including communications, public affairs and corporate marketing. Her clients include Fortune 500 companies, private equity and other alternative asset firms, and their portfolio companies. Ms. Ventura's work also encompasses diversity and inclusion initiatives for her clients. "Kathy's expertise in the consumer products and services space as well as corporate reputation leadership roles across all industries is a real asset to our practice and our clients," said Jeff Lemming, managing partner of Caldwell's consumer, e-commerce & retail Practice. "With a nearly 20-year track record of success in recruiting senior executives, she's a fantastic addition to our team and we are extremely pleased to have her here at Caldwell."  Ms. Ventura started her career at Russell Reynolds Associates, where she led the firm's Corporate Communications Practice. Prior to joining the firm, she was a member of the Procter & Gamble team at Grey Advertising. "Kathy is an important addition to our team, bolstering our strength and capabilities in two important areas," said John Wallace, chief executive officer. "We continue to aggressively seek experienced, content-driven professionals who strengthen our ability to serve our clients in a comprehensive and seamless fashion. Kathy will be accretive to that ongoing commitment and strategy." Ms. Ventura graduated from Mount Holyoke College, cum laude, with a BA in art. Based in the firm's Stamford office, Ms. Ventura joins Peter Reed, leader of the firm's Insurance Practice, Glenn Buggy, leader of the Legal, Risk and Regulatory Oversight Practice, Michael DeCosta, leader of the Professional Services Practice, Matt Comyns, leader of the Cyber Security Practice, and Shawn Banerji, leader of the Technology, Digital and Data Leaders Practice. About Caldwell Partners Caldwell Partners is a leading international provider of executive search and has been for more than 45 years. As one of the world's most trusted advisors in executive search, the firm has a sterling reputation built on successful searches for boards, chief and senior executives, and selected functional experts. With offices and partners across North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific, the firm takes pride in delivering an unmatched level of service and expertise to its clients. The Caldwell Partners' Common shares are listed on The Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX: CWL). Please visit our website at www.caldwellpartners.com for further information. SOURCE The Caldwell Partners International Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements, Workforce Management/Human Resources Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nouveau Monde to Build Demonstration Plant to Produce Multiple Graphite Products for Industrial and Battery Markets Next PostNext Staffing 360 Solutions to Host Earnings Conference Call for Its Fiscal Year and Transition Period on April 20, 2017 Search Recent Posts Council on Recovery Receives Major Grant to Expand CHOICES™ High-Risk Behavior Prevention Program IMF Video: Press Briefing: Global Financial Stabiity Report Spark Design & Innovation Awards Announces 2017 Call For Entries Membranes Market Growing at a CAGR of 10.3% During 2016 to 2021 – ReportsnReports Aura Information Security Bolsters Leadership Team Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign in to comment!Login Fox Nation Home News Politics Culture Wars Disgrace on Campus Celebs Funny Watters World #FoxNation Library Archive Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Menu Home Fox Nation Close - BREAKING NEWS - News Why Facebook Blocks Porn — But Lets You Watch a Murder Published April 19, 2017 Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre0 Email Print Shutterstock By Jonathan Taplin and Ian Mohr, The New York Post Jonathan Taplin — director emeritus of the Annenberg Innovation Lab at USC and author of new book, “Move Fast and Break Things: How Facebook, Google, and Amazon Cornered Culture and Undermined Democracy” — spoke at a Lotos Club reception for his book on Monday. Here are some of his remarks during a Q&A moderated by Jeffrey Toobin, as well as a subsequent interview with The Post’s Ian Mohr, on the dangers of YouTube and Facebook: ‘There is a kind of nefarious block of the ‘safe harbor’ act — the Digital Millennium Copyright Act — that basically says that nobody, no musician, no individual can sue Facebook or Google, or YouTube, for posting stuff that they don’t have permission to. So this is why there are 55,000 ISIS videos on YouTube. Right? They claim, ‘We have no responsibility . . . it’s First Amendment rights. We don’t know.’ The only pushback they’ve gotten is from advertisers. Procter & Gamble said, ‘Hey, we’re not so comfortable with our advertising being on terrorist videos. Stop it, please.’ Now they say, ‘Oh, there’s too many videos being uploaded to YouTube, we can’t control it.’ “But you notice there’s no porn on YouTube. So why is that? That’s because they have A.I., artificial intelligence algorithms, that when someone tries to upload porn, it sees a bare breast and it stops it and puts it into a separate queue where a human looks at it and says, ‘Well, is this National Geographic video? Or is this porn?’ And if it’s porn, it doesn’t go up, and if it’s National Geographic it does go up. Well, they could do the same thing with ISIS videos. As you well know — any of you who’ve ever used [the music recognition app] Shazam — they can do the same thing with every tune, every movie, that someone doesn’t want up there, in three seconds the audio signature would tell them this is something we don’t want and stop it.     Read the full story in the New York Post→ From the Channel Fox News Go Fox News Go 24 Hours of Fair and Balanced news coverage Check your TV service provider to stream from your computer Sound Off on Fox Nation 0 comments Chat Now Load more Get our Daily Newsletter Fox Nation Back to Top Home News Politics Culture Wars Disgrace on Campus Celebs Funny Watters World #FoxNation Library Archive This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - Ad Choices - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
World Mexico & The Americas 'I won't let fear stop me': A Venezuelan opposition leader fights on against an embattled president Venezuelan opposition student leader Hasler Iglesias. Omar Veliz / El Nacional Venezuelan opposition student leader Hasler Iglesias was first drawn to activism when he was 15. Venezuelan opposition student leader Hasler Iglesias was first drawn to activism when he was 15. (Omar Veliz / El Nacional) Chris Kraul, Mery Mogollon Hasler Iglesias clearly remembers the day he became a student militant, when at age 15 he joined a demonstration at his Caracas high school against the closing of RCTV, one of the last independent broadcast stations in Venezuela. In an increasingly repressive climate, antigovernment opinions could still be aired there. But the protests at his school and in streets across Venezuela didn’t have much effect. Then-President Hugo Chavez denied the station a broadcast license and it went dark for good in 2010. But the experience left an indelible mark on Iglesias, proving that a little leadership could galvanize a group to action. “In my high school, we organized protests because we weren’t in agreement with what the government was doing,” said Iglesias in an interview this week. “It was the first time I felt that the government was interfering in the lives of Venezuelans by punishing for political reasons a TV channel known for entertainment, news and humor.” A decade later, Iglesias is recognized nationally as an effective critic of the embattled federal government. Until February he led the largest university student organization in Venezuela as president of the 60,000-strong Federation of University Centers of the University of Central Venezuela. As youth leader at the Popular Will political party, his objectives have grown beyond whether a TV station stays open. By organizing regular youth protests, he and his followers are pressuring Chavez’s successor, President Nicolas Maduro, to resign. “Youths want a change in government,” said the slightly built Iglesias, who is a deeply religious chemical engineering student who teaches catechism at his Roman Catholic parish church. “There are too many living conditions we consider to be unsatisfactory.” Students opposing Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro wearing gas masks throw back tear gas grenades GEORGE CASTELLANOS / AFP/Getty Images Students opposing Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro wearing gas masks throw back tear gas grenades at police during a demonstration in San Cristobal, Venezuela, on April 5. Students opposing Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro wearing gas masks throw back tear gas grenades at police during a demonstration in San Cristobal, Venezuela, on April 5. (GEORGE CASTELLANOS / AFP/Getty Images) Iglesias and thousands of other university students will take part in Wednesday’s march celebrating the date April 19, 1810, commonly recognized as the start of Venezuela’s independence movement from Spain. The day may see the biggest turnout yet in the month-long series of opposition marches against the government. Violent clashes with Maduro supporters are expected. Nationwide demonstrations this month have already led to violent confrontations with police. So far the toll is up to six deaths, 200 injuries and 538 arrests, and Iglesias blames strong-arm repressive tactics of police and the national guard for the violence. Like many protesters, he’s felt the sting of tear gas. “Demonstrations of force is how the government tells us they know where we live, that they are capable of coming to our houses, attacking what is most sacred to us, hoping that we give up and end our struggle,” Iglesias said. Iglesias, the 25-year-old son of immigrants — a Spanish father and Colombian mother — advocates peaceful protest. But like other opposition leaders, he said he has received death threats for daring to oppose Maduro. “It’s not that I’m unafraid, it’s that I won’t let fear stop me,” said Iglesias, who says he uses social media to get the word out about marches. He has 48,900 followers on Twitter and 11,300 followers on Instagram. He uses WhatsApp to keep in constant touch with student leaders at 30 other public universities across the country. On Monday he denounced via Twitter the “latest savage action by the dictatorship against the students and universities,” and urged Venezuelans to demonstrate for change on Wednesday. The students and many of the other marchers will protest against deteriorating living conditions — food scarcities, rising violent crime and rampant inflation — that have devastated Venezuelans’ purchasing power. The increasingly embattled Maduro has been condemned across the country and internationally for what critics call bald-faced attempts to increase his power and silence opposition. Iglesias, an only child, has experienced the consequences of public disorder. His father was killed in a 2002 robbery at the family-owned clothing store in downtown Caracas. He said he was radicalized in 2014 when he participated in nationwide demonstrations that started as protests against rising crime on university campuses. He witnessed the beatings that many fellow students suffered in clashes that left 46 dead and more than 600 injured across Venezuela. After the 2014 demonstrations resulted in many opposition leaders being jailed, Iglesias decided to take time off from politics, doing an internship with the Procter & Gamble consumer products conglomerate and teaching citizenship ethics classes at a high school. But on his return to university in 2015 to seek a graduate engineering degree, he couldn’t ignore the political foment around him and decided to run for the student group’s presidency, successfully as it turned out. As president of the “union,” as it’s known, he spent much of his time trying to rebuild a movement that was decimated in the aftermath of the violence in 2014. Iglesias said his primary obstacle is apathy on the part of students who have either curtailed their political activities for fear of repression or have left the country altogether. “If your vision is to leave the country because of the situation, you aren’t going to fight for [improving conditions] to stay here,” Iglesias said. Fear and apathy “have weakened the student movement today, which is nothing like it was in 2007 or 2014,” he said. Iglesias said he is confident that Venezuelans soon will see “a general change.” “We all know we’re struggling against a government that generates fear but this fear is a small thing compared with the prospect of continuing to live the way we are,” Iglesias said. “We are taking small steps in the larger process of building a new country. “ Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Remember the U.S. Navy ships sent to scare North Korea? Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez fatally hung himself in jail Wednesday morning. Southern California Edison, get ready for some competition. University libraries are being redesigned for the digital age by getting rid of books. Credits: David Butow / Getty / KTLA Remember the U.S. Navy ships sent to scare North Korea? Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez fatally hung himself in jail Wednesday morning. Southern California Edison, get ready for some competition. University libraries are being redesigned for the digital age by getting rid of books. Credits: David Butow / Getty / KTLA Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Remember the U.S. Navy ships sent to scare North Korea? Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez fatally hung himself in jail Wednesday morning. Southern California Edison, get ready for some competition. University libraries are being redesigned for the digital age by getting rid of books. Credits: David Butow / Getty / KTLA Remember the U.S. Navy ships sent to scare North Korea? Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez fatally hung himself in jail Wednesday morning. Southern California Edison, get ready for some competition. University libraries are being redesigned for the digital age by getting rid of books. Credits: David Butow / Getty / KTLA Caption Fewer shootings by police — that's the goal of new rules adopted by the L.A. Police Commission The new rules formally incorporate a decades-old concept called “de-escalation” into the Los Angeles Police Department’s policy outlining how and when officers can use deadly force. The new rules formally incorporate a decades-old concept called “de-escalation” into the Los Angeles Police Department’s policy outlining how and when officers can use deadly force. Caption Former NFL player Aaron Hernandez found hanging in prison cell Former NFL star Aaron Hernandez has hanged himself in his cell and pronounced dead at a hospital. Former NFL star Aaron Hernandez has hanged himself in his cell and pronounced dead at a hospital. Caption Breaking down the Clippers' 99-91 victory over the Jazz in Game 2 The Clippers defeated the Jazz, 99-91, in Game 2 to even the series in the first round of the Western Conference Playoffs.  The Clippers defeated the Jazz, 99-91, in Game 2 to even the series in the first round of the Western Conference Playoffs.  Caption Gronk crashes White House press briefing New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski crashed the White House press briefing on Wednesday. New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski crashed the White House press briefing on Wednesday. Special correspondents Mogollon and Kraul reported from Caracas, Venezuela, and Bogota, Colombia, respectively. ALSO Meet the charismatic opposition leader the Venezuelan government just can’t silence He's been deported twice and survived bandits, trains and swamps, but this Honduran immigrant remains hopeful about reaching the U.S. He defended the sacred lands of Mexico’s Tarahumara people. Then a gunman cut him down Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times South America Colleges and Universities Education High Schools Nicolas Maduro Hugo Chavez Procter & Gamble Bill O'Reilly, replaced at Fox News by Tucker Carlson, calls his ouster 'tremendously disheartening' There's no such thing as a failed missile launch: Lessons from North Korea, the post-truth capital of the world Rattlesnake season begins with a vengeance in Southern California Most Popular Coachella Local Sports Entertainment Politics Place An Ad 63°
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Polaris Consulting declines on profit booking HOEC gains after turnaround Q4 results Business Standard FMCG stocks gain Capital Market  April 19, 2017 Last Updated at 10:29 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV0cvr ALSO READ Sensex, Nifty provisionally close with small losses Sensex, Nifty provisionally settle with small gains Sensex, Nifty hit over one-week low Sensex, Nifty hit over two-week high Sensex, Nifty hit nearly two-week closing low Key benchmark indices regained positive zone in morning trade soon after hitting intraday low in negative zone in early trade. At 10:25 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 5.69 points or 0.02% at 29,324.79. The Nifty 50 index was up 2.50 points or 0.03% at 9,107.65. Key benchmark indices alternately swung between gains and losses in early trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 0.25%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.31%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On the BSE, 1,180 shares rose and 995 shares fell. A total of 101 shares were unchanged. Overseas, Asian stocks were trading lower after British Prime Minister Theresa May's surprise decision to hold early elections. May called for an early general election in June, reversing her earlier stance, in hopes of securing a stronger parliamentary mandate for Britain's formal exit from the European Union. Meanwhile, Theresa May will today, 19 April 2017 ask the House of Commons to support her call for a June general election. US stocks declined yesterday, 18 April 2017 as investors unloaded stocks following disappointing financial reports from Johnson & Johnson and Goldman Sachs. Meanwhile, US President Donald Trump signed an executive order yesterday, 18 April 2017 titled Buy American, Hire American while on a trip to Kenosha, Wisconsin, where he called on federal agencies to overhaul the H-1B visa program. The order addresses to take prompt action to crack down on fraud and abuse within the US immigration system in order to protect workers. In US economic news, manufacturing output fell in March for the first time since last August, according to a batch of industrial-production data released yesterday, 18 April 2017. Also, a reading on housing starts, which measure the number of new-home construction projects that broke ground during a given month, was slightly weaker than expected in March. Back home, FMCG stocks gained after India Meteorological Department (IMD) forecasted a normal monsoon in this season. FMCG firms derive substantial sales from rural India. Good monsoon may boost farm incomes and consumer spending. GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (up 1.32%), Britannia Industries (up 0.39%), Dabur India (up 0.55%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 1.32%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.22%), Marico (up 0.47%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.2%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 0.45%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.24%) rose. Bajaj Corp (down 1.43%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.38%), Nestle India (down 0.21%) fell. Most pharma shares rose. Cadila Healthcare (up 1.1%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.04%), Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (up 0.18%), Lupin (up 0.18%), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 1.31%) and Wockhardt (up 1.52%) rose. Cipla (down 0.03%), Alkem Laboratories (down 0.38%), GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (down 0.03%) and Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.23%) fell. SPML Infra rose 3.45% after the company said it has substantially completed an important irrigation project in Gujarat. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 18 April 2017. Polaris Consulting & Services fell 3.56% to Rs 217, with the stock sliding on profit booking after recent rally. Shares of Polaris Consulting & Services had rallied 26.55% in the preceding four trading sessions to settle at Rs 225 yesterday, 18 April 2017, from its close of Rs 177.80 on 11 April 2017. Meanwhile, India Meteorological Department (IMD) in its first stage forecast of southwest monsoon for 2017, yesterday, 18 April 2017, said that quantitatively, the monsoon seasonal rainfall is likely to be 96% of the long period average (LPA) with an error of 5%. Forecast assessment suggests 38% of probability for near normal monsoon rainfall, it added. IMD will issue the update forecasts in early June 2017, as a part of the second stage long range forecast of monsoon rainfall. The June-September southwest monsoon is critical for the country's agriculture because a considerable part of the country's farmland is dependent on the rains for irrigation. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Bse | Nifty | Sensex | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep FMCG stocks gain Key benchmark indices regained positive zone in morning trade soon after hitting intraday low in negative zone in early trade. At 10:25 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 5.69 points or 0.02% at 29,324.79. The Nifty 50 index was up 2.50 points or 0.03% at 9,107.65. Key benchmark indices regained positive zone in morning trade soon after hitting intraday low in negative zone in early trade. At 10:25 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 5.69 points or 0.02% at 29,324.79. The Nifty 50 index was up 2.50 points or 0.03% at 9,107.65. Key benchmark indices alternately swung between gains and losses in early trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 0.25%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.31%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On the BSE, 1,180 shares rose and 995 shares fell. A total of 101 shares were unchanged. Overseas, Asian stocks were trading lower after British Prime Minister Theresa May's surprise decision to hold early elections. May called for an early general election in June, reversing her earlier stance, in hopes of securing a stronger parliamentary mandate for Britain's formal exit from the European Union. Meanwhile, Theresa May will today, 19 April 2017 ask the House of Commons to support her call for a June general election. US stocks declined yesterday, 18 April 2017 as investors unloaded stocks following disappointing financial reports from Johnson & Johnson and Goldman Sachs. Meanwhile, US President Donald Trump signed an executive order yesterday, 18 April 2017 titled Buy American, Hire American while on a trip to Kenosha, Wisconsin, where he called on federal agencies to overhaul the H-1B visa program. The order addresses to take prompt action to crack down on fraud and abuse within the US immigration system in order to protect workers. In US economic news, manufacturing output fell in March for the first time since last August, according to a batch of industrial-production data released yesterday, 18 April 2017. Also, a reading on housing starts, which measure the number of new-home construction projects that broke ground during a given month, was slightly weaker than expected in March. Back home, FMCG stocks gained after India Meteorological Department (IMD) forecasted a normal monsoon in this season. FMCG firms derive substantial sales from rural India. Good monsoon may boost farm incomes and consumer spending. GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (up 1.32%), Britannia Industries (up 0.39%), Dabur India (up 0.55%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 1.32%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.22%), Marico (up 0.47%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.2%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 0.45%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.24%) rose. Bajaj Corp (down 1.43%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.38%), Nestle India (down 0.21%) fell. Most pharma shares rose. Cadila Healthcare (up 1.1%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.04%), Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (up 0.18%), Lupin (up 0.18%), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 1.31%) and Wockhardt (up 1.52%) rose. Cipla (down 0.03%), Alkem Laboratories (down 0.38%), GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (down 0.03%) and Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.23%) fell. SPML Infra rose 3.45% after the company said it has substantially completed an important irrigation project in Gujarat. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 18 April 2017. Polaris Consulting & Services fell 3.56% to Rs 217, with the stock sliding on profit booking after recent rally. Shares of Polaris Consulting & Services had rallied 26.55% in the preceding four trading sessions to settle at Rs 225 yesterday, 18 April 2017, from its close of Rs 177.80 on 11 April 2017. Meanwhile, India Meteorological Department (IMD) in its first stage forecast of southwest monsoon for 2017, yesterday, 18 April 2017, said that quantitatively, the monsoon seasonal rainfall is likely to be 96% of the long period average (LPA) with an error of 5%. Forecast assessment suggests 38% of probability for near normal monsoon rainfall, it added. IMD will issue the update forecasts in early June 2017, as a part of the second stage long range forecast of monsoon rainfall. The June-September southwest monsoon is critical for the country's agriculture because a considerable part of the country's farmland is dependent on the rains for irrigation. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 FMCG stocks gain Key benchmark indices regained positive zone in morning trade soon after hitting intraday low in negative zone in early trade. At 10:25 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 5.69 points or 0.02% at 29,324.79. The Nifty 50 index was up 2.50 points or 0.03% at 9,107.65. Key benchmark indices alternately swung between gains and losses in early trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 0.25%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.31%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On the BSE, 1,180 shares rose and 995 shares fell. A total of 101 shares were unchanged. Overseas, Asian stocks were trading lower after British Prime Minister Theresa May's surprise decision to hold early elections. May called for an early general election in June, reversing her earlier stance, in hopes of securing a stronger parliamentary mandate for Britain's formal exit from the European Union. Meanwhile, Theresa May will today, 19 April 2017 ask the House of Commons to support her call for a June general election. US stocks declined yesterday, 18 April 2017 as investors unloaded stocks following disappointing financial reports from Johnson & Johnson and Goldman Sachs. Meanwhile, US President Donald Trump signed an executive order yesterday, 18 April 2017 titled Buy American, Hire American while on a trip to Kenosha, Wisconsin, where he called on federal agencies to overhaul the H-1B visa program. The order addresses to take prompt action to crack down on fraud and abuse within the US immigration system in order to protect workers. In US economic news, manufacturing output fell in March for the first time since last August, according to a batch of industrial-production data released yesterday, 18 April 2017. Also, a reading on housing starts, which measure the number of new-home construction projects that broke ground during a given month, was slightly weaker than expected in March. Back home, FMCG stocks gained after India Meteorological Department (IMD) forecasted a normal monsoon in this season. FMCG firms derive substantial sales from rural India. Good monsoon may boost farm incomes and consumer spending. GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (up 1.32%), Britannia Industries (up 0.39%), Dabur India (up 0.55%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 1.32%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.22%), Marico (up 0.47%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.2%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 0.45%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.24%) rose. Bajaj Corp (down 1.43%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.38%), Nestle India (down 0.21%) fell. Most pharma shares rose. Cadila Healthcare (up 1.1%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.04%), Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (up 0.18%), Lupin (up 0.18%), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 1.31%) and Wockhardt (up 1.52%) rose. Cipla (down 0.03%), Alkem Laboratories (down 0.38%), GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (down 0.03%) and Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.23%) fell. SPML Infra rose 3.45% after the company said it has substantially completed an important irrigation project in Gujarat. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 18 April 2017. Polaris Consulting & Services fell 3.56% to Rs 217, with the stock sliding on profit booking after recent rally. Shares of Polaris Consulting & Services had rallied 26.55% in the preceding four trading sessions to settle at Rs 225 yesterday, 18 April 2017, from its close of Rs 177.80 on 11 April 2017. Meanwhile, India Meteorological Department (IMD) in its first stage forecast of southwest monsoon for 2017, yesterday, 18 April 2017, said that quantitatively, the monsoon seasonal rainfall is likely to be 96% of the long period average (LPA) with an error of 5%. Forecast assessment suggests 38% of probability for near normal monsoon rainfall, it added. IMD will issue the update forecasts in early June 2017, as a part of the second stage long range forecast of monsoon rainfall. The June-September southwest monsoon is critical for the country's agriculture because a considerable part of the country's farmland is dependent on the rains for irrigation. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Away-From-Home Tissue and Hygiene in Azerbaijan Overview, Trends and Forecasts Summary Orbis Research Present’s Away-From-Home Tissue and Hygiene in Azerbaijan And has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. Description way-from-home tissue and hygiene continued to develop during 2016 with increasing demand for higher service quality in Azerbaijan. AFH tissue products, in particular, toilet paper, boxed facial tissues, paper tableware, and paper towels, were mainly distributed by horeca establishments, which accounted for a 55% value share. Hospitals/healthcare accounted for a 30% value share, with it being especially important for adult incontinence and wipers. Away-from-Home Tissue and Hygiene in Azerbaijan report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data 2012-2016, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic analysis of key factors influencing the market – be they new product developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2021 illustrate how the market is set to change. Product coverage: Away-from-Home Hygiene, Away-from-Home Tissue. Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand shares and distribution data. Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Away-from-Home Tissue and Hygiene market; Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change; Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands; Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/256607 . Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand shares and distribution data. Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Away-from-Home Tissue and Hygiene market; Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change; Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands; Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop. Some Points Of TOC: Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 1 Sales of Away-From-Home Tissue and Hygiene by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 2 Sales of Away-From-Home Tissue and Hygiene by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 3 Distribution of Away-From-Home Tissue and Hygiene by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 4 Distribution of Away-From-Home Tissue and Hygiene by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 5 Sales of Forecast Away-From-Home Tissue and Hygiene by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 6 Sales of Forecast Away-From-Home Tissue and Hygiene by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Executive Summary  Tissue and Hygiene Continues To Develop in 2016 Reduced Consumer Disposable Income Supports Shift To Economy Brands Procter & Gamble Azerbaijan Leads Tissue and Hygiene in 2016 Convenience Drives Sales Through Modern Grocery Retailers Tissue and Hygiene To Grow and Become Increasingly Saturated in the Forecast Period Market Indicators Table 7 Birth Rates 2011-2016 Table 8 Infant Population 2011-2016 Table 9 Female Population by Age 2011-2016 Table 10 Total Population by Age 2011-2016 Table 11 Households 2011-2016 Table 12 Forecast Infant Population 2016-2021 Table 13 Forecast Female Population by Age 2016-2021 Table 14 Forecast Total Population by Age 2016-2021 Table 15 Forecast Households 2016-2021 Market Data  Table 16 Retail Sales of Tissue and Hygiene by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 17 Retail Sales of Tissue and Hygiene by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 18 NBO Company Shares of Retail Tissue and Hygiene: % Value 2012-2016 Table 19 LBN Brand Shares of Retail Tissue and Hygiene: % Value 2013-2016 Table 20 Distribution of Retail Tissue and Hygiene by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 21 Distribution of Retail Tissue and Hygiene by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 22 Forecast Retail Sales of Tissue and Hygiene by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 23 Forecast Retail Sales of Tissue and Hygiene by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Sources Summary 1 Research Sources Got any Query? Feel free to ask us at : http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/256607     About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 CategoriesUncategorized TagsAway-From-Home Hygiene Market Forecast Industry, Away-From-Home Tissue and Hygiene in Azerbaijan Industry, Away-From-Home Tissue and Hygiene in Azerbaijan market, Away-From-Home Tissue Market, Google News, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Kickstand Cosmetic Mirror IPhone Case With Hidden Card Slots & Wallet Announced Search Recent Posts Concentrated Fruit Juice Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications Baby Food Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications The Bromwell Company, Inc. acquires Billy Twang Screams of Burnt-alive Rohingya Children Echoed – A Decisive Call to the Collective Conscience of the World – A ‘Litmus Test’ for the Humanity – as a ‘Whole’! A ‘Do Something Now – Before It’s Too Late’ Call to the World Leaders and the ‘Collective Conscience of Humanity’ – A Definitive ‘Litmus Test’ for the ‘Ultimate Sense of Morality’! Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com TV Tech Global CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net eSports Pro MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People People Patty McCaskill Joins Layer3 TV’s Content Advisory Board By Jeff Baumgartner Apr 18, 2017 Programmatic Sling TV Touts Rise in Programmatic Ad Sales By Jeff Baumgartner Apr 18, 2017 Transactions FCC Approves Sale of Time Warner Station WPCH-TV to Meredith By John Eggerton Apr 18, 2017 Content Bravo Renews ‘Imposters’ By R. Thomas Umstead Apr 18, 2017 Hastings: Netflix Download Option Having ‘Small Impact’ By Jeff Baumgartner Apr 18, 2017 comScore to Provide More Metrics for Facebook Ads By Jon Lafayette, Broadcasting & Cable Apr 18, 2017 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community As I Was Saying Who Really Wants to Attend Another Cable Convention? By Gary Arlen The Bauminator Study: Social TV Alive and Well By Jeff Baumgartner On The Money Union Strikes Out With Altice Workers, Again By Mike Farrell Community MCN Online Extra | April 17, 2017 By MCN Staff NBC Chases The Cup Across Platforms By R. Thomas Umstead Pay TV Can Fend Off OTT, Financial Analysts Contend By Gary Arlen Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Technology Leadership Awards at NAB Apr 24, 2017 VIDWeek Jun 12, 2017 The Programmatic Summit Jun 12, 2017 Next TV Summit Spring Jun 14, 2017 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- April 17, 2017 Apr 17, 2017 Freeze Frame | April 10, 2017 Apr 13, 2017 2017 T. Howard Fundraising Dinner Apr 13, 2017 Advanced Advertising Summit 2017 Apr 03, 2017 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Transactions Oracle Buys Digital Measurement Specialist Moat By Jeff Baumgartner Apr 18, 2017 OTT Vimeo Taps Josh Normand as SVP of Sales By Jeff Baumgartner Apr 18, 2017 Finance Report: Verizon CEO Open to M&A Talks By Jeff Baumgartner Apr 18, 2017 People Patty McCaskill Joins Layer3 TV’s Content Advisory Board By Jeff Baumgartner Apr 18, 2017 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Apr 18 2017 Transactions Oracle Buys Digital Measurement Specialist Moat Moat’s clients include ESPN, Facebook, NBCU 4/18/2017 7:14 PM Eastern By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Oracle has struck a deal to acquire Moat, a digital measurement company that counts clients such as ESPN, Facebook, NBCUniversal, Snapchat and YouTube. Financial terms were not disclosed, but Oracle said Moat will join its Oracle Data Cloud unit which supplies data and analytics to marketers and publishers, but that Moat will also remain an “independent platform.” Oracle hopes Moat will complement its platform, already used by brands such as Nestle, Proctor & Gamble and Unilever. Oracle noted in its Q&A about the deal that it is reviewing Moat’s product roadmap. Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: Oracle    Moat    Advanced Advertising    big data    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: News for NAB 2017: Archion to Unveil Integrated SSD and HDD EditStor Solutions with Unrivaled Performance: HGTV Stars Drew And Jonathan Scott Get Personal For ‘Property Brothers At Home: Drew’s Honeymoon House’ Pebble Beach Systems Partners with Ross Video to offer Ross Video XPression Graphics Plug-in for Dolphin and Orca channel playout Telestream and Unified Streaming Join Forces to Offer Industry-Leading Enterprise Streaming Capabilities Quantum's New StorNext 6 Delivers Unparalleled Combination of Best-in-Class 4K Performance and Advanced Data Management Whistle Sports Welcomes J LaLonde as New VP of Content Haivision Announces Makito X HEVC Decoder, Bringing Broadcasters End-to-End Low Latency HEVC Video Streaming Workflows  Triveni Digital Adds MMTP Support to its Growing Suite of ATSC 3.0 Enabling Products Verizon Digital Media Services now offers integrated Microsoft Azure Storage GolTV Acquires Live Broadcast Rights to Liga NOS, Portugal’s First Division Soccer League Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ Fox, Charter Dispute Drags On TiVo, Roku Strike Multi-Year Patent Deal Comcast Cable CTO Sree Kotay Departs Verizon Dropping Its Email Business Related Stories Simulmedia Gets Oracle Cloud Data for TV Ad Targeting Jon Lafayette (B&C) - 4/13/2017 09:11:00 AM America/New_York Simulmedia, a pioneer in data-driven TV ad targeting, Brian Norris Named VP of Dish Media Sales Jeff Baumgartner - 4/06/2017 10:11:00 AM America/New_York Brian Norris has been named VP of Dish Media Sales, Upfronts 2017: AMC Adding Data to Its Scripted Story Jon Lafayette (B&C) - 4/04/2017 09:03:00 AM America/New_York AMC Networks wants upfront advertisers to know that Subscribe Now Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- April 17, 2017 Freeze Frame | April 10, 2017 2017 T. Howard Fundraising Dinner Advanced Advertising Summit 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 3, 2017 Freeze Frame -- March 27, 2017 Wonder Women 2017 FREEZE FRAME -- March 6, 2017 See All → Reports: Fox Getting Closer To Removing O’Reilly Oracle Buys Digital Measurement Specialist Moat Buyers Expect Advanced Advertising to Grow: Study Sen. Markey, Rep. Doyle Call for BDS Vote Delay Nielsen: Ratings Get Boost When Measured Over 35 Days SonicAi Develops Skills for "the New Radios for the Home" ERI Adds Radio Account Manager for the Western Region Orban Launches Optimod-FM 8700i Dutch Broadcasters Making Further Use of Local DAB+ Transmitters WRAY Embraces Technology Changes With WheatNet-IP Watch the Seasons Change in This Drone Video Found Footage Feature Film 'The Road to Siberia' Was Shot in Just 9 Days Sony Promotes HDR Ecosystem Attend the "NLE Cage Match" at NAB Show on April 26th This Immersive Video Installation Makes You Feel Like You're Part of a Painting Frontier Communications’ Video Service Adds AWS Elemental AWS Elemental Launches New Brand Ahead of NAB Show Extended Channel-Sharing Becomes Law May 18 Wheatstone to Demo Virtualized Audio Services at 2017 NAB Show Hong Kong’s Dim Sum TV Adopts Amagi Cloudport for Playout News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Marketing Services Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Intel, Tecate, Audi and More 7 minutes ago Array 0 Four Things to Expect From Maurice Levy's Last Earnings Call on Thursday By Emma Hall - 37 minutes ago Array 0 Lowdown: These Brands Slipped Through YouTube's Safety Check 1 hour ago Array 0 Financial Times Says Paid Posts Up 400% Following Acquisition of Alpha Grid By George Slefo - 1 hour ago Array 0 Subway Grabs Accenture's Linhardt for New Marketing Role By Jessica Wohl - 3 hours ago Array 0 These Brands Slipped Through YouTube's Safety Check 1 hour ago 0 In a Fight to Stay Relevant, Niche Cable Nets Bank on Audience Targeting By Jeanine Poggi - 3 hours ago 0 Financial Times Says Paid Posts Up 400% Following Acquisition of Alpha Grid By George Slefo - 1 hour ago 0 Is This AI or BS? Artificial Intelligence Is All the Rage, but Sometimes It's Just Hype By Kate Kaye - 8 hours ago 0 Watch Out, Snap: Zuckerberg Outlines Facebook's AR Ambitions By Garett Sloane - 22 hours ago 0 Introducing Ad Age's 25 Marketing Technology Trailblazers 2017 - 2 days ago 0 'Consumers Are Angry': Understanding the Internet Backlash Over Snapchat By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Marketing Technology Explained: Everything You Need Know By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Why Snapchat Might Be the Next Twitter (Not in a Good Way) By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Buck Up, United Airlines! You'll Be OK! By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Four Things to Expect From Maurice Levy's Last Earnings Call on Thursday By Emma Hall. Published on April 19, 2017. Maurice Levy Credit: Fabrice Dimier/Bloomberg Most Popular After 30 years as chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe, Maurice Lévy will announce his last set of earnings on Thursday at the French holding company's presentation of first-quarter 2017 results in Paris. Here's what to expect: 1. It's Lévy's swan song, and it may be a long one. The voluble Frenchman, who hands over to successor Arthur Sadoun at the annual general meeting in Paris on May 31, is well-known for his lengthy exchanges with analysts. Earnings calls routinely go on for a couple of hours. 2. Don't expect great numbers. With fairly weak results predicted, he may not be going out on a business high. At least the numbers won't come as a surprise: Lévy warned in February that the first quarter of this year would not offer much improvement on the fourth quarter of 2016, when revenues were down 2.5%. "This [weakness] is incorporated into expectations already," said Brian Weiser, an analyst at Pivotal, said in an email. "I think [Lévy] will talk about new business trends, which have been pretty decent for them … and integration efforts between Sapient [the digital and tech network Publicis Groupe bought in February 2015] and different parts of the rest of the business." 3. But do expect some showmanship. Whatever the results, Lévy will no doubt deliver them with the style and panache he is known for. "Maurice's genius is in managing stock market expectations, and telling the story in a way that has kept the share price in an amazing place," said Richard Pinder, CEO U.K. and international at CP&B – and former chief operating officer of the Publicis Worldwide networkyes. Until June 1, Sadoun is CEO of the group's Publicis Communications division, which houses creative agency networks including Leo Burnett, Saatchi & Saatchi, and Bartle Bogle Hegarty. "The biggest test for Arthur will not be running the business – he will do what needs to be done – but managing the stock price," said Pinder. "It's an acquired art that very few new CEOs are any good at, and Arthur won't have a following wind to help him." 4. It won't be all gloom and doom. A note from Greg Paull, co-founder and principal at the ad agency consulting firm R3, is more positive about Publicis Groupe's prospects for the first quarter results tomorrow. He rates it a "hold" alongside its main competitors, Omnicom, Interpublic and WPP. "Investors have been overly negative on Publicis given the 2015-16 account losses they are still reeling from, while overlooking its media agencies' improved positioning and the long-term benefits that should follow from ownership of the legacy Sapient business," he said. Publicis Groupe is still recovering from a difficult period in 2015 and 2016, when it lost significant media business from Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola and Walmart. Lévy has since worked to shore up its media offering, particularly by elevating Steve King, CEO of all Publicis' media operations globally since the start of 2016, to the management board in January 2017. Although Lévy warned in February that geopolitical uncertainty would hold back growth this year, he did suggest that the numbers would be stronger in the second half, which could help Sadoun to hit his stride. In this article: Ad Tech Agencies Global News Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Increasing Consumer Consciousness & Awareness Drives the Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market The market for physician dispensed cosmeceuticals has been undergoing a sea change with skincare specialist, dermatologists, and trichologists venturing into the market as entrepreneurs. Consequently, the vendor landscape in the market is becoming highly fragmented due to the mushrooming skin and hair treatment centers and clinics. The market therefore exhibits an abundance of products. It is important for products to conform to consumer expectations to gain a stronghold in this market. The ground level knowledge about the dynamic consumer preferences, adverse effects of a stressful lifestyle, damages caused to skin, eyes, and hair by UV rays, and the impact of pollution, are the primary factors fuelling the demand for quality physician dispensed cosmeceuticals. As per Transparency Market Research (TMR), these favorable factors will lead the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market to report a CAGR of 10.6% between 2016 and 2024. The market is expected to reach US$27.6 bn by the end of 2024, from a valuation of US$11.2 bn in 2015. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/physician-dispensed-co… Skincare Products Segment leads the Market, but Demand for Injectable Botox to Grow Rapidly By product type, the skincare products segment held the lion’s share in 2015. The prominence of skincare products can be attributed to the increasing demand for effective cosmeceuticals to treat dermatological conditions. Hence, the increasing consciousness among the aging population about their looks and the changing attitude of the middle-aged and geriatric population in developing countries bode well for the demand for physician dispensed cosmeceuticals. The anti-aging products segment is therefore expected to continue its dominance in the market through the forecast period. However, according to TMR, the demand for injectable Botox is expected to increase at a higher pace in the near future. North America Emerges as Key Region in Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market North America, being a mature market, makes a sizeable contribution to physician dispensed cosmeceuticals revenues worldwide. In 2015, the region also emerged dominant in the global market because it is technologically ahead of other geographical segments. As per TMR, the North America physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market stood at US$4.7 bn in 2015. Rising at a CAGR of 9.6%, the market is expected to reach US$10.52 bn by the end of 2024. However, TMR forecasts that the market in Asia Pacific will grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. The increasing willingness among the aging and middle-income group population to pay for beauty and skincare products transcends into high demand for quality cosmeceuticals from this region. Furthermore, Asia Pacific boasts a high consumer base for skin whitening, acne treatment, and hyperpigmentation products due to its tropical climate and the higher ratio of teenage population. Bolstered by these factors, the market Asia Pacific is projected to rise at a CAGR of 12.3% between 2016 and 2024. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Emerging Economies to Exhibit Impressive Opportunities for Increased Sales Likewise, the demand for physician dispensed cosmeceuticals across other emerging markets such as South Africa, Brazil, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE is expected to rise at a robust pace during the forecast period. On the flip side, high revenue generating cosmeceuticals products such as dermal fillers and Botox have a miniscule consumer base in developing and underdeveloped regions. This is mainly because of their high cost, apprehensions associated with using such products, and lack of sufficient knowledge regarding the use of these products. These factors have an adverse impact on the overall prospects of the market. Some of the key players operating in the market include Johnson & Johnson, Jan Marini Skin Research, Inc., Allergan plc, Procter & Gamble Co., L’Oreal S.A., Unilever plc, Valeant Pharmaceuticals Inc., and ZO Skin Health Inc. Among these enterprises L’Oreal S.A has emerged as the dominant player in the market. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) Market grows with high incidence of acute lymphoblastic leukemia patients Next PostNext Growth of the Kaposi Sarcoma Market is Driven by the Easy Availability of Drugs and a High Diagnosis Rate of the Malignancy Search Recent Posts Refined Avocado Oil Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications ENERGY STAR retires New Finance Minister to meet Kapiti businesses Mercury nudges up earnings guidance Oat-Based Snacks Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications Proudly powered by WordPress
