Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Procter &amp; Gamble Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average – Bullish for PG Shutterstock photo In trading on Friday, shares of Procter & Gamble Co. (Symbol: PG) crossed above their 200 day moving average of $87.27, changing hands as high as $87.38 per share. Procter & Gamble Co. shares are currently trading up about 0.4% on the day. The chart below shows the one year performance of PG shares, versus its 200 day moving average: Looking at the chart above, PG’s low point in its 52 week range is $80.74 per share, with $92.00 as the 52 week high point – that compares with a last trade of $87.17. According to the ETF Finder at ETF Channel, PG makes up 11.37% of the Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR Fund ETF (Symbol: XLP) which is trading up by about 0.3% on the day Friday. Click here to find out which 9 other dividend stocks recently crossed above their 200 day moving average » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Referenced Symbols: PG , XLP CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dow Jones Industrial Average Notches Big Weekly Win in Light Pre-Holiday Trading Next PostNext Noteworthy Friday Option Activity: AMC, CHRS, LVS Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Habit Restaurants Inc (HABT) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research ARC Resources Ltd (ARX) Director John Patrick Dielwart Sells 10,000 Shares Gulf Resources, Inc. (GURE) CEO Xiaobin Liu Sells 105,767 Shares Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.73 Per Share Boston Scientific Co. (BSX) EVP Timothy A. Pratt Sells 10,000 Shares Victoria Gold Corp (VIT) Insider Sun Valley Gold Llc Sells 400,000 Shares of Stock Nuveen Select Tax-Free Incom Portfolio 3 (NXR) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.04 Nuveen Dividend Advantage Municipal Fund Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.06 (NAD) -$0.02 Earnings Per Share Expected for Asure Software Inc (ASUR) This Quarter IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Insider Giovani Twigge Sells 2,572 Shares of Stock Teledyne Technologies Incorporated (TDY) Director Schack Wesley W. Von Sells 4,000 Shares of Stock Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) Will Post Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Luminex Co. (LMNX) Director G Walter Loewenbaum II Sells 25,000 Shares Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Receives GBX 240.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Price Target at $12.34 Analysts Anticipate Nice Ltd (NICE) Will Post Earnings of $0.32 Per Share Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.57 Per Share Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Insider Leslie Stretch Sells 50,717 Shares of Stock iRobot Co. (IRBT) EVP Glen Daniel Weinstein Sells 10,462 Shares of Stock Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) CEO F Thomson Leighton Acquires 21,196 Shares of Stock Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Insider Sells $4,192,824.90 in Stock May 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) insider Patrice Louvet sold 48,310 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.79, for a total value of $4,192,824.90. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 95,340 shares in the company, valued at $8,274,558.60. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Patrice Louvet also recently made the following trade(s): On Wednesday, May 24th, Patrice Louvet sold 49,226 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.46, for a total value of $4,256,079.96. On Friday, May 19th, Patrice Louvet sold 29,621 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.01, for a total value of $2,547,702.21. On Wednesday, May 17th, Patrice Louvet sold 62,350 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.27, for a total value of $5,378,934.50. On Thursday, May 4th, Patrice Louvet sold 3,837 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $333,819.00. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) traded up 0.51% on Friday, reaching $87.30. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,136,637 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $87.73 and its 200-day moving average is $87.14. The stock has a market cap of $223.28 billion, a PE ratio of 16.05 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a 1-year low of $80.74 and a 1-year high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The firm had revenue of $15.61 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.70 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.86 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 21st were paid a $0.6896 dividend. This is an increase from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.18%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 48.73%. WARNING: “Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Insider Sells $4,192,824.90 in Stock” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/26/procter-gamble-co-pg-insider-sells-4192824-90-in-stock.html. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Pointe Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 70.1% in the first quarter. Pointe Capital Management LLC now owns 7,287 shares of the company’s stock valued at $655,000 after buying an additional 3,003 shares in the last quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 85.5% in the first quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 2,506 shares of the company’s stock valued at $217,000 after buying an additional 1,155 shares in the last quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.7% in the first quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 1,826,438 shares of the company’s stock valued at $164,105,000 after buying an additional 12,958 shares in the last quarter. O Brien Wealth Partners LLC increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 2.7% in the first quarter. O Brien Wealth Partners LLC now owns 2,481 shares of the company’s stock valued at $223,000 after buying an additional 66 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Achmea Investment Management B.V. purchased a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the first quarter valued at about $31,421,000. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on PG. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 target price on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Vetr raised Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $96.50 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, May 18th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC boosted their target price on Procter & Gamble Co from $99.00 to $101.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Procter & Gamble Co presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $92.34. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News StealthGas Inc. (GASS) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research National Grid plc (NG) Given a GBX 1,125 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Vetr Inc. Lowers Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) to Sell Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Short Interest Up 22.5% in May Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Sirius XM Holdings (SIRI) RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Earns Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Citigroup Inc (C) Shares Bought by Blue Fin Capital Inc. Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Shares Sold by WASHINGTON TRUST Co Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Invests $4.62 Million in General Mills, Inc. (GIS) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Sold by WASHINGTON TRUST Co Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €116.00 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Given a €19.00 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “€50.00” Price Target for Leoni Ag (LEO) Norma Group SE (NOEJ) PT Set at €48.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Hannover Rueck SE (HNR1) Given a €110.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.87 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (BECN) Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Heritage Commerce Corp. (HTBK) Issued By FIG Partners National Bank of Canada Forecasted to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.98 Per Share (NTIOF) Xactly Corp (XTLY) Stock Rating Lowered by Deutsche Bank AG Sutherland Asset Management Corp (SLD) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co. May 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co. boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 0.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 192,240 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 440 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co accounts for 2.2% of Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 6th largest position. Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $17,273,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of PG. Aviva PLC raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 3.7% in the fourth quarter. Aviva PLC now owns 1,968,906 shares of the company’s stock valued at $165,782,000 after buying an additional 70,171 shares during the period. Diversified Trust Co raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.5% in the third quarter. Diversified Trust Co now owns 20,866 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,873,000 after buying an additional 109 shares during the period. Accident Compensation Corp raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 9.9% in the third quarter. Accident Compensation Corp now owns 51,186 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,594,000 after buying an additional 4,606 shares during the period. Burney Co. raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 24.0% in the fourth quarter. Burney Co. now owns 142,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,015,000 after buying an additional 27,674 shares during the period. Finally, MML Investors Services LLC purchased a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at $277,000. Institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) traded up 0.42% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $86.86. 4,367,960 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12 month low of $80.74 and a 12 month high of $92.00. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $87.73 and a 200-day moving average of $87.14. The stock has a market cap of $222.15 billion, a PE ratio of 15.97 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.94 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business had revenue of $15.61 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.70 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.86 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 21st were given a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This is a boost from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.18%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 19th. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 48.73%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/25/procter-gamble-co-pg-shares-bought-by-stock-yards-bank-trust-co.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on PG shares. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $101.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Vetr downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $87.23 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, February 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a “neutral” rating and a $98.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Evercore ISI reaffirmed an “underweight” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $92.34. In related news, insider Mohamed Samir Abde Abdelfattah sold 1,876 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.25, for a total value of $171,185.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 30,952 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,824,370. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CFO Jon R. Moeller sold 3,411 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.21, for a total value of $311,117.31. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 156,868 shares of company stock worth $13,566,115 over the last quarter. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Top Dividend Stocks in Consumer Staples A look at three top-notch dividend payers in this defensive sector. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) May 27, 2017 at 1:07PM Consumer staples companies -- household products makers like Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) and beverage makers like Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO) -- are generally regarded as some of the best dividend stocks on the market. These are stocks that tend be defensive by nature, as demand for products like toothpaste is stable no matter what the overall economy is doing. Thanks to their strong collection of brands, they also tend to have solid profit margins, which enables them to return billions of dollars in capital to shareholders in the form of buybacks and dividends. For investors looking to balance out their portfolios with some defensive, consumer-based dividend stocks, here are three choices that won't disappoint. Image source: Getty Images. 1. Altria  Altria (NYSE:MO), the Marlboro parent and former parent of Philip Morris International (NYSE:PM), is one of the best-performing stocks of the last 50 years when dividends are included. Despite smoking's decline in the U.S., Altria has been able to grow profits by raising prices and introducing products in new categories like e-cigarettes with its MarkTen brand. Cigarettes have proven to be incredibly inelastic products -- U.S. consumers pay upwards of $10 for a pack in some states. While much of that cost goes to taxes, it's allowed cigarette-makers to lift their own prices, inflating profit margins. As an addictive product with no good substitute, cigarette makers like Altria will continue to command wide profit margins. And as compensation for the risk of a declining market, investors have the huge potential upside of Altria getting in on the marijuana market if legalization continues to spread. As the country's largest cigarette-maker, Altria is ideally positioned to take advantage of such an opportunity. For dividend investors, Altria remains a solid bet with a 3.5% dividend yield -- and while not technically a Dividend Aristocrat because it cut its dividend proportionally after spinning off Philip Morris in 2008, the stock's history is the same as that of an aristocrat. Most recently, its annual payout hikes have been in the high single-digit range, and investors should expect that pattern to continue. 2. Anheuser Busch/InBev Fellow vice stock Anheuser Busch/InBev (NYSE:BUD) is the world's largest beer-maker, with a market cap of over $200 billion. AB InBev has consolidated its dominant position through a slew of recent acquisition, including most prominently its $103 billion takeover of rival SABMiller last year. AB/InBev has also acquired a number of smaller craft brewers and leveraged its marketing and distribution muscle to grow sales. At a time when American drinkers are turning away from traditional macrobrews like Bud Light, that ability to acquire smaller brands has helped fuel growth and protected the company from competition. The beer-maker is a solid dividend payer as well, offering a 3.5% yield. Since the company is based in Belgium, the dividend increases and payouts are affected by exchange rates, but it lifted the payout by 20% in its most recent hike, though it said following the merger with SAB Miller that it expected dividend increases to be more modest as it deleverages the debt from the deal. With the SAB Miller acquisition behind it, an unmatched global distribution network, and a strong position with craft beers, the company should be a reliable dividend payer for years to come. 3. Pepsico Soda has been a tough business in recent years as Americans turn away from sugary substances, but Pepsico (NYSE:PEP) is much more diversified than investors might think. In addition to Pepsi and other sodas, the company also owns Frito-Lay snacks, Quaker Foods, and dominant non-carbonated beverage brands like Tropicana and Gatorade. Pepsico's diversification and savvy management have helped it steadily grow profits, outperforming competitors like Coca-Cola in the process. In 2016, core constant currency earnings per share increased 9%, or 12% when the deconsolidation of Venezuela is factored in.  As a dividend payer, Pepsico has long been a solid bet: it's a Dividend Aristocrat, having raised its quarterly payout every year for 44 years in a row. The food and beverage company's recent dividend increases have been in the 7% range, a solid clip for a reliable dividend payer. The stock now offers a yield of 2.9%, and its status as a Dividend Aristocrat seems secure with a payout ratio of 69%. With 22 billion-dollar brands under its umbrella, Pepsico should continue to be a steady and reliable dividend stock.   Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Anheuser-Busch InBev NV and PepsiCo. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info May 27, 2017 at 1:07PM Consumer Goods Stocks Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $45.89 up $0.10 (0.22%) Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $88.59 up $0.46 (0.52%) Philip Morris International NYSE:PM $121.79 up $0.89 (0.74%) Altria Group NYSE:MO $75.12 down $0.28 (-0.37%) Anheuser-Busch InBev NV NYSE:BUD $118.21 up $0.84 (0.72%) PepsiCo NYSE:PEP $117.67 up $0.44 (0.38%) Read More 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks Investors Should Consider Buying 5 Things You Need to Hear From Altria's Shareholder Meeting 4 Top Dividend Stocks in Tobacco 3 Dividend Stocks for Bright Investors Altria Falls Short on Falling Volume, Sluggish Sales Growth Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Top Dividend Stocks in Consumer Staples @themotleyfool #stocks $KO, $PG, $PM, $MO, $BUD, $PEP
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 5/26/2017 8:46 AM Blue Chip wins three awards for design excellence Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Business Wire NORTHBROOK -- Blue Chip Marketing Worldwide, an integrated marketing agency, has been honored with three awards of excellence in the 2017 Creativity International Media & Interactive Design Awards. Blue Chip received two Silver Awards: for B&G Foods, Inc.'s "Join us at Bear Creek" in the Alternative Media category for an Integrated Campaign, and Procter & Gamble's (P&G) "Ride into Rio" campaign in the Alternative Media category for Virtual Reality. Blue Chip also received a Bronze Award for McCormick & Co., Inc.'s "Pure Flavor, Pure Genius" campaign in the Alternative Media category for an Integrated Campaign. "We are proud of the creative work that is produced at Blue Chip every day, so we are thrilled to receive recognition for our work on three separate campaigns," said Stanton Kawer, chairman and CEO of Blue Chip Marketing Worldwide. "Great creative isn't just words and pictures -- great creative inspires conversation, community and commerce. It is what has built Blue Chip Worldwide." Each year, the Creativity International Awards recognizes great design, and the designers who have created it, from around the world. Winning entries are selected for their quality of art, or their advertising impact, or both. This year, entries came from 26 countries, 3 Canadian province and 22 U.S. States. Tweet This article filed under: Business Marketing Northbrook Business Ledger AM Newsletter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Get Your Summer On Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Procter and Gamble España SA in Tissue and Hygiene – Spain Summary Orbis Research released a new research report of 2 pages on title ‘Procter and Gamble España SA in Tissue and Hygiene (Spain)’  with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. Description Procter & Gamble España aims to maintain its strong position in tissue and hygiene in Spain. The company will strive to maintain its reputation as a leader in terms of innovation and building strong brands, with the objective of increasing its target audience by including new product lines and formats. Browse a PDF Sample of Procter and Gamble España SA in Tissue and Hygiene (Spain) Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/265215                     Local Company Profiles are a concise set of briefings detailing the strategic direction taken by a company. Discover key contact details, the company background and their competitive positioning through this collection of snapshot company profiles. Product coverage: Away-from-Home Tissue and Hygiene, Retail Tissue and Hygiene, Total Tissue and Hygiene. Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand shares and distribution data. Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Tissue and Hygiene market; Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change; Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands; Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop. Companies Mentioned: Procter & Gamble España SA For Any Query, before Purchasing Report Click Here: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/265215      Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 1 Procter & Gamble España SA: Key Facts Summary 2 Procter & Gamble España SA: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 3 Procter & Gamble España SA: Competitive Position 2016 Download The Full Report @: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/procter-and-gamble-espaa-sa-in-tissue-and-hygiene-spain Email ID: orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsConsumer, Procter and Gamble España SA in Tissue and Hygiene in Spain, Procter and Gamble España SA in Tissue and Hygiene Industry Analysis, Procter and Gamble España SA in Tissue and Hygiene Market Growth Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Week In Images Next PostNext SteadyMed Raises Additional Capital from Key Institutional Shareholder Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tampax® Donates One Million Tampons to Girls and Women in Need Across the Nation in 30 Days CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–In celebration of Menstrual Hygiene Day, Procter & Gamble’s leading feminine protection brand Tampax®, is collaborating with 20 social influencers to donate one million tampons to women’s charities across the United States over the next 30 days. Menstrual Hygiene Day takes place on May 28 and is a global initiative aimed at raising awareness around the challenges women and girls face during their menstrual cycles. The initiative also strives to educate on the role feminine hygiene plays in allowing women and girls to reach their full potential. In the United States alone, 1 in 3 women are either living in poverty or on the brink of it1, which can make it challenging to secure feminine hygiene products on a monthly basis. Without the proper protection, a woman’s monthly cycle can compromise her dignity and result in her missing work, skipping school, or sacrificing important things in her life. Underserved women sometimes have to make a choice between food and period protection, and Tampax wants to change that. “It’s widely recognized that women and girls in developing countries often lack access to menstrual hygiene products, but what most Americans don’t realize is that this is true in our own backyard,” said Amanda Hill, Marketing Director, North America Feminine Care at Procter & Gamble. “We believe that every woman and girl deserves access to feminine care products, and this donation is part of our continued efforts in supporting those in need.” With a donation of one million tampons in 30 days, Tampax aims to encourage women to become catalysts for change in their own communities by engaging in a national dialogue around the importance of access to feminine products. Individuals all over the country can get involved by using #PowerOverPeriods and share what actions they are taking to help break the period stigma and help those in need. “The women behind Tampax share my vision in providing equitable access to menstrual hygiene, especially to those in need, and changing the narrative around menstruation,” said Nadya Okamoto founder of the 501(c)(3) non-profit organization PERIOD. “I’m inspired by what Tampax is doing to shine a light on this issue and thankful that we can make access to period products a reality for even more people with periods.” Making a Difference Influencers from coast-to-coast have banded together to support organizations in their local communities. Some of those involved are YouTube stars Marissa Rachel and Shanna Lisa, Miranda Mendoza of Slashed Beauty, and Founder and CEO of MomTrends Nicole Feliciano. Notable charities that will benefit are PERIOD, GOOD+ Foundation, Working Wardrobes, The Midnight Mission, and Support the Girls. For additional information on Tampax, visit www.tampax.com. About Tampax Procter & Gamble’s leading feminine protection brand Tampax provides a premium brand experience to help protect and give girls power over their periods. To meet a variety of needs, the Tampax product lineup includes Tampax Pearl, Tampax Pearl Active, Tampax Pearl Radiant and Tampax Pocket Pearl, which offers the full-size protection of Tampax Pearl in a pocket-sized applicator for on-the-go confidence. Leak-free periods are possible with Tampax Pearl’s LeakGuard™ protection. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. 1Source: The Shriver Report; A Woman’s Nation, 2015 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hastelloy C-22 Market Research Report 2017 Dynamics, Key Findings, Market Definition and Scope To 2021 Next PostNext Hard Ferrite Permanent Magnets Market Research Report – Top Key Players, Trends, Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape To 2021 Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tampax® Donates One Million Tampons to Girls and Women in Need Across the Nation in 30 Days CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–In celebration of Menstrual Hygiene Day, Procter & Gamble’s leading feminine protection brand Tampax®, is collaborating with 20 social influencers to donate one million tampons to women’s charities across the United States over the next 30 days. Menstrual Hygiene Day takes place on May 28 and is a global initiative aimed at raising awareness around the challenges women and girls face during their menstrual cycles. The initiative also strives to educate on the role feminine hygiene plays in allowing women and girls to reach their full potential. In the United States alone, 1 in 3 women are either living in poverty or on the brink of it1, which can make it challenging to secure feminine hygiene products on a monthly basis. Without the proper protection, a woman’s monthly cycle can compromise her dignity and result in her missing work, skipping school, or sacrificing important things in her life. Underserved women sometimes have to make a choice between food and period protection, and Tampax wants to change that. “It’s widely recognized that women and girls in developing countries often lack access to menstrual hygiene products, but what most Americans don’t realize is that this is true in our own backyard,” said Amanda Hill, Marketing Director, North America Feminine Care at Procter & Gamble. “We believe that every woman and girl deserves access to feminine care products, and this donation is part of our continued efforts in supporting those in need.” With a donation of one million tampons in 30 days, Tampax aims to encourage women to become catalysts for change in their own communities by engaging in a national dialogue around the importance of access to feminine products. Individuals all over the country can get involved by using #PowerOverPeriods and share what actions they are taking to help break the period stigma and help those in need. “The women behind Tampax share my vision in providing equitable access to menstrual hygiene, especially to those in need, and changing the narrative around menstruation,” said Nadya Okamoto founder of the 501(c)(3) non-profit organization PERIOD. “I’m inspired by what Tampax is doing to shine a light on this issue and thankful that we can make access to period products a reality for even more people with periods.” Making a Difference Influencers from coast-to-coast have banded together to support organizations in their local communities. Some of those involved are YouTube stars Marissa Rachel and Shanna Lisa, Miranda Mendoza of Slashed Beauty, and Founder and CEO of MomTrends Nicole Feliciano. Notable charities that will benefit are PERIOD, GOOD+ Foundation, Working Wardrobes, The Midnight Mission, and Support the Girls. For additional information on Tampax, visit www.tampax.com. About Tampax Procter & Gamble’s leading feminine protection brand Tampax provides a premium brand experience to help protect and give girls power over their periods. To meet a variety of needs, the Tampax product lineup includes Tampax Pearl, Tampax Pearl Active, Tampax Pearl Radiant and Tampax Pocket Pearl, which offers the full-size protection of Tampax Pearl in a pocket-sized applicator for on-the-go confidence. Leak-free periods are possible with Tampax Pearl’s LeakGuard™ protection. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. 1Source: The Shriver Report; A Woman’s Nation, 2015 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hastelloy C-22 Market Research Report 2017 Dynamics, Key Findings, Market Definition and Scope To 2021 Next PostNext Hard Ferrite Permanent Magnets Market Research Report – Top Key Players, Trends, Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape To 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav L’Oréal Turkiye Kozmetik San ve Tic AS in Beauty and Personal Care (Turkey) Market Forecast ,Size,Demand Summary This report helps to analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the L’Oréal Turkiye Kozmetik San ve Tic AS in Beauty and Personal Care (Turkey) Market Description L’Oréal became the leading company after Procter & Gamble divested 42 brands to Coty but it might face a greater challenge in colour cosmetics, fragrances and hair care. Brands such as Max Factor, Gucci and Hugo Boss will benefit from greater synergies with Coty than Procter & Gamble, posing greater competition to L’Oréal’s rival brands. L’Oréal aims to maintain its leading position in beauty and personal care, launching new products with sophisticated properties over the forecast period. Local Company Profiles are a concise set of briefings detailing the strategic direction taken by a company. Discover key contact details, the company background and their competitive positioning through this collection of snapshot company profiles. Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Get a PDF Sample of Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/296608  Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand shares and distribution data. Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market; Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change; Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands; Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop. Got any Query? Feel free to ask us at : http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/296608 . About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsBeauty and Personal Care (Turkey) industry, Beauty and Personal Care (Turkey) Market, Beauty and Personal Care (Turkey) Market trend Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Weather Forecasting Service Market: Dynamics, Sales and Revenue Analysis, Report Forecasts to 2021 Next PostNext Factory Automation Platform Market: Study Growth Factors, Types and Applications with Analysis &Forecasts to 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Toyota, Little Caesars, Smirnoff and More 3 hours ago Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 4 hours ago Array 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 5 hours ago Array 0 Snapchat Moves to Create a Safer Environment for Brands By Garett Sloane - 5 hours ago Array 0 My Banned Words for 2017 By Shelly Palmer - 7 hours ago Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 4 hours ago 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 5 hours ago 0 Brace Yourself for Dollar Shave Club's Cringeworthy Ads About Grooming 'Down There' By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 days ago 0 Martin Freeman Plays a Crass Wedding Guest in Vodafone's First Work Through Ogilvy By Alexandra Jardine - 4 days ago 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 12 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. TV Upfront P&G Shift to TV May Hit Resistance -- From the Networks By Jeanine Poggi. Published on May 26, 2017. Credit: P&G Most Popular It's no surprise that Procter & Gamble, which has been vocal in its displeasure with digital advertising, is planning to shift more of its marketing dollars back into TV during this year's upfront ad talks. Less expected, perhaps, is the double edge that carries for TV. While it would seem like a win for the TV networks, which have been losing share to digital behemoths like Facebook and Google, they might not actually want P&G's money. At least not as much as they'd like it from someone new. P&G is looking to meaningfully increase the volume of its ad commitments during the annual negotiation, where networks look to sell a bulk of their commercial inventory for the next season, according to both buyers and sellers who are familiar with the budding conversations. But the maker of Crest toothpaste and Downy detergent could find it hard to place all the additional money it would like. That's because P&G is one of several major marketers that have been grandfathered into legacy ad deals that reward marketers for decades of consistent business by guaranteeing relatively small price hikes on relatively low bases. TV networks are tired of those old deals and ultimately want to strike agreements with advertisers whom they can charge higher rates. Representatives of Procter & Gamble and TV networks declined to comment on their plans for upfront negotiations. When the market is weak, like in the 2009 recession, TV networks are happy to have these agreements in place, encouraging long-time big spenders to keep it up. But when business is robust, like last year, the deals leave little wiggle room for the networks to increase rates. Several major network groups actually turned away money from advertisers at the lower rates in 2016. "It will be tough for them to get that money down, though this year's marketplace should be a bit easier if the indications of down to flat budgets overall are accurate," one media buyer said. What the networks are willing to accept this year will depend on the health of the marketplace. Upfront negotiations are expected to truly kick off next week, and while it is still too early to predict how it will all play out, media buyers say overall budgets are expected to be flat to slightly down from last year. And broadcast is projected to fare better than cable. Advertisers are still getting their budgets in order, but there are indications that the retail and automotive categories will be weaker. Consumer packaged-goods and pharmaceuticals are expected to show more strength, but both of those categories typically have these legacy ad deals in place. The 2016 upfront marketplace was unusually healthy, with broadcasters snagging high-single-to-low-double-digit percentage increases in the cost to reach 1,000 viewers, an industry standard known as CPMs, and dollar volume up in the mid-single digits. While this year marketers might hold back more money to place closer to air time in the so-called scatter market, networks will certainly play up their reliability and brand safety at a time when marketers are seriously questioning digital advertising. It's what's bringing P&G back to TV. Marc Pritchard, P&G's chief brand officer, has been vocal about the need for digital to clean up its mess. In January, he gave a speech at the Interactive Advertising Bureau conference demanding industry-standard viewability metrics, fraud protections and third-party verification. At the time, he said come January 2018 P&G would stop paying for any digital media that didn't get its audiences measured by outside firms accredited by the Media Rating Council. Facebook and Google have begun the process of seeking MRC accreditation for their auditing processes, but it's not clear whether or when they will succeed. In an interview prior to another speech to an Association of National Advertisers Media Conference in March, Pritchard said the company has plenty of alternatives if digital players don't meet its demands. That leaves hundreds of millions of dollars in play. Historically lenient option terms for the giant advertiser could then allow P&G to pull back some of that upfront spending for use on digital media should the MRC accreditations come through. Contributing: Jack Neff In this article: Cable Digital Video Special Report: TV Upfront TV Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Brothers quit top posts in Brazilian meatpacker PublishedMay 28, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4uVC Copy SAO PAULO • JBS, the world's largest meatpacker, said that brothers Joesley and Wesley Batista - who own the Brazilian company and are ensnared in a corruption scandal that threatens to topple the country's President Michel Temer - have resigned from senior posts. Mr Joesley Batista, who unleashed a political crisis in Brazil last week with a plea bargain deal that accused Mr Temer of endorsing the bribing of a witness, resigned as chairman and will leave the board, effective immediately. He will be replaced by Mr Tarek Farahat, a former Procter & Gamble executive who is also a member of the JBS board. In last Friday's board meeting, the first since the crisis broke, JBS chief executive Wesley Batista also resigned from the vice-chairmanship of the board. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up He was replaced by his father, Mr Jose Batista Sobrinho, as vice-chairman, but will remain as chief executive and maintain a seat on the board. Reuters reported last Thursday that the Batista brothers were coming under intense pressure from minority shareholders and Brazil's development bank BNDES to step back from the company, according to sources. One of the sources said shareholders demanded that JBS should not foot the bill for any fine as minority shareholders were not responsible for any corruption-related crimes. One of the sources said shareholders demanded that JBS should not foot the bill for any fine as minority shareholders were not responsible for any corruption-related crimes. The Batistas have already agreed to a plea bargain with prosecutors. However, the family-holding company J&F Investimentos - the controlling shareholder of JBS - remains locked in negotiations over a potential leniency deal for JBS. J&F's proposal to pay a US$1.2 billion (S$1.66 billion) fine was rejected by the prosecutors' office last Wednesday. The brothers' testimony, released last week, unleashed a political crisis in Latin America's largest economy which is still worsening. It included allegations that they bribed hundreds of politicians. JBS added that Mr Farahat will create and chair a new corporate governance committee. REUTERS A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Sunday Times on May 28, 2017, with the headline 'Brothers quit top posts in Brazilian meatpacker'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  BRAZIL CORRUPTION More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4uVC Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew lg_a125972_2017may29_strosnative.jpg LG OLED TV vs. Conventional TVs: What’s the difference? eyemo_a125690_2017jun05_300x200_stnative.jpg Household brand Eye Mo is back on shelves Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 2-Brazil's JBS says Joesley Batista resigns as chairman Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Fri May 26, 2017 | 7:37pm EDT UPDATE 2-Brazil's JBS says Joesley Batista resigns as chairman (Adds industry group letter to BNDES on Friday, changes headline) By Tatiana Bautzer SAO PAULO May 26 JBS SA, the world's largest meatpacker, said on Friday that the brothers Joesley and Wesley Batista, who own the company and are ensnared in a corruption scandal that threatens to topple Brazil's President Michel Temer, have resigned from senior posts. Joesley Batista, who unleashed a political crisis in Brazil last week with a plea bargain deal that accused Temer of endorsing the bribing of a witness, resigned as chairman and will leave the board, effective immediately. He will be replaced by Tarek Farahat, a former Procter & Gamble Co executive who is also a member of the JBS board. In Friday's board meeting, the first since the crisis broke, JBS Chief Executive Officer Wesley Batista also resigned from the vice chairmanship of the board. He was replaced by his father, José Batista Sobrinho as vice chairman, but will remain as chief executive and maintain a seat on the board. Reuters reported on Thursday that the Batista brothers were coming under intense pressure from minority shareholders and Brazil's development bank, BNDES, to step back from the company, according to sources familiar with the situation. One of the sources said shareholders demanded that JBS should not foot the bill for any fine as minority shareholders were not responsible for any corruption-related crimes. The Batistas have already agreed to a plea bargain with prosecutors. However, the family holding company J&F Investimentos SA, the controlling shareholder of JBS, remains locked in negotiations over a potential leniency deal for the company itself. J&F's proposal to pay a $1.2 billion fine was rejected by the prosecutors' office on Wednesday. On Friday, the powerful Brazilian Rural Society group said it had sent a letter to development bank BNDES demanding the ouster of the Batista brothers from the board of JBS. In the letter, Rural Society head Frederico d'Avila, the society argued that BNDES Participações SA, equity arm of the bank and JBS's second largest shareholder, should increase pressure to force Joesley and Wesley Batista, respectively chairman and chief executive, to step down. The brothers' testimony, released last week, unleashed a political crisis in Latin America's largest economy which is still worsening. It included allegations that they bribed hundreds of politicians. The head of BNDES, which is also a key shareholder in JBS, Maria Silvia Bastos, resigned on Friday, citing personal reasons. JBS added Farahat will create and chair a new corporate governance committee. (Reporting by Tatiana Bautzer; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Diane Craft) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News PRECIOUS-Gold hits highest in over six weeks as U.S. jobs data disappoints June 5 Gold held steady after hitting its highest in over six weeks earlier on Monday, buoyed as a disappointing U.S. jobs report appeared to dilute the prospects for an aggressive string of interest rate hikes in the United States. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold had risen 0.1 percent, to $1,281.40 per ounce by 0115 GMT. It hit a peak of $1,281.86 an ounce early in the session, its strongest since April 21. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery ro RPT-CORRECTED-China's HNA to tap M&A brake after $50 bln deal splurge BEIJING, June 5 After two years of aggressive deal-making - from buying stakes in Deutsche Bank and Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc to taking over electronics distributor Ingram Micro - Chinese conglomerate HNA Group intends to slow the pace, or at least the size, of its acquisitions overseas. BRIEF-Delivery services firm S.F. Holding resumes cooperation with Alibaba's Cainiao * Says it resumes business cooperation and data exchanges with online logistics firm Cainiao after mediation by China's State Post Bureau MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Where the Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF Finds Its Top Dividend Stocks If you're looking to add income investments to your stock portfolio, you can take a cue from which sectors the best dividend-focused ETFs are buying. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) May 26, 2017 at 4:30PM Dividend investors know the value of owning stocks that make regular payments to their shareholders, and many have come to trust exchange-traded funds that specialize in finding top dividend stocks. The Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF (NYSEMKT:VYM) focuses on dividend stocks that pay above-average yields, and it has produced solid returns for its shareholders over time. The ETF scours the market to find the best opportunities for income-producing investments, and where it has found the best prospects is a bit surprising. The market's attitude toward dividends has changed dramatically in recent years, and the stocks that make up Vanguard High Dividend Yield's portfolio come from places that many wouldn't expect. The top source of dividend stocks for the Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF The consumer-goods space has been a fertile ground for dividend stocks over the years. That's largely because the mature companies that dominate it are in a better position than many of their younger counterparts in other industries to return excess capital to shareholders. With fewer opportunities to effectively reinvest free cash flow in pursuit of faster growth, many of those consumer products giants instead simply boost their dividend payouts gradually over time. Vanguard High Dividend Yield has about 15% of its assets in consumer goods stocks, with Procter & Gamble among its top holdings. P&G's more than 60-year streak of annual dividend increases is a testament to the power of the consumer sector to generate income, and Vanguard ETF shareholders get the benefit of its dividends as well as those of the dozens of other consumer stocks it owns. Image source: Getty Images. The up-and-coming dividend-paying sector Where things get interesting, though, is with Vanguard High Dividend Yield's second-most important sector. Technology is a close runner-up, accounting for 14.3% of the portfolio. Microsoft is the fund's top holding. For a long time, tech companies needed every spare dollar they could find in order to fund their growth. Now, though, as the sector matures, it includes a number of older tech giants that have accumulated billions of dollars in cash. Lacking tempting enough opportunities to invest those funds strategically, many have turned to dividends, and yields among some of the larger stocks in the tech space are well above the average yield for the U.S. stock market as a whole. Returning to normal The third-largest share of the Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF comes from the financial industry. That sector currently accounts for 13.6% of the ETF's overall assets, and you'll find banks like JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo among the top five holdings of the fund. What's particularly remarkable about financial stocks' position here is that they've made such a huge recovery after the crushing blow that the financial crisis dealt them in 2008 and 2009. In the wake of that crash, most bank stocks nearly eliminated their payouts, in some cases ending long streaks of increases and making the industry a non-entity on the dividend front. Yet as the economy bounced back, banks found ways to restore their dividends. While their yields aren't as high as they once were, major institutions are healthier financially than they were in the past. Given time, financials might well grow their payouts enough to reclaim the top spot in this and similar dividend-centric ETFs. The Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF combs the market for the dividend stocks with the best prospects for current income. Where  it finds them changes over time. Staying on top of where such funds are discovering what they see as the strongest dividend stocks will give you a head start in your search for income investments for your own portfolio. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info May 26, 2017 at 4:30PM Financials Stocks Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF NYSEMKT:VYM $78.63 up $0.14 (0.18%) Read More 1 Thing Vanguard High Dividend Yield Investors Should Worry About Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Where the Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF Finds Its Top Dividend Stocks @themotleyfool #stocks $VYM
null
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... Trump: 'I will do what is necessary' in wake of London attack Blog Briefing Room — 3h 27m ago Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control: reports Administration — 3h 36m ago Putin denies having compromising info on Trump Blog Briefing Room — 3h 37m ago Putin pleads ignorance on Trump campaign meetings Blog Briefing Room — 4h 37m ago ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge attack Blog Briefing Room — 5h 55m ago London a reminder that deadly political correctness perpetuates terrorism Contributors — 5h 55m ago Five things lawmakers want to know from Comey National Security — 6h 26m ago World Bank predicts modest economic growth in 2017 Blog Briefing Room — 6h 47m ago view all   Paris climate agreement offers US chance to lead By Christine Todd Whitman, Opinion Contributor - 05/26/17 11:00 AM EDT 12   © Getty Images Climate change remains a growing threat to both our national and global security. Today, rising seas and increased extreme weather have added to instability worldwide while threatening all of us here in the United States. We cannot afford to ignore the threat of climate change any longer. By avoiding the issue, we only prolong and intensify the consequences. As the former administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and former governor of New Jersey, I have witnessed the impact of climate change firsthand. In 2012, Hurricane Sandy caused unprecedented damage, leaving over 8 million people without power and costing an estimated $25 billion. New Jersey was particularly hard hit. Unfortunately, with rapid climate change, storms like Hurricane Sandy will only increase in frequency and intensity. Combating climate change through mitigation and adaption must remain a priority. ADVERTISEMENT The Paris Agreement remains a historic step towards that goal. The accord was designed to combat the dangerous effects of climate change by curbing greenhouse gas emissions, with each participating nation required to submit their National Determined Contributions (NDCs) explaining how they will reach their individually determined goals. Unfortunately, the Trump administration is considering withdrawing from the Paris Agreement.   If such a decision comes to fruition, this will be a clear step in the wrong direction. Much of the administration’s concerns with the agreement stem from perceived financial costs of implementing what they see as unnecessary action. Contrary to this belief, the accord is supported by a significant group of business executives, including CEOs from Shell, Morgan Stanley, Procter & Gamble, Bank of America, Coca-Cola, General Electric, and Exxon Mobil, among others. The agreement also opens up opportunities for job growth and increased energy security through the development of clean energy sources such as wind, solar and safe, reliable nuclear power. In addition, the U.S. isn’t locked into any specific actions. Participating nations have flexibility to dictate the level of their action through their NDCs and there is room for adjusting those NDCs over time. Specifically, Article 4 notes that countries can alter their goals at any time “with a view to enhancing its level of ambition.” President Trump has expressed concerned that this means the U.S. will be forced to implement Obama-era policies, but many experts agree that the accord is vague enough to allow for nations to lower their ambitions as well. While lowering ambitions is not an ideal alternative, it is vital that the U.S. continues to support action on climate change.  Beyond combating global warming and supporting domestic business interests, remaining a part of the Paris Agreement has clear benefits to the U.S. at large. Nations such as China and India are already eyeing an opportunity to take over America’s role as the world leader on this issue. By withdrawing from the Paris Agreement, the U.S. cedes power and influence to our rivals. If we retreat on our promises and cede leadership on climate issues, we lose credibility. Further, we lose the ability to hold other countries accountable for a broader range of issues. The U.S. has greatly benefited from being the world’s leader on this issue, but that role only lasts as long as we act on it. I urge the president to listen to the business community and remain in the Paris Agreement. By remaining in the accord, the U.S. has an opportunity to combat the dangerous impacts of climate change while developing new job markets and maintaining its credibility and role as a global power. The longer we wait to act, the more extreme the consequences. Future hurricanes will increasingly batter our coasts while droughts plague the west. Now is not the time for petty partisan politics; rather it is the time for coming together to protect our environment, our businesses, our leadership and our national security from future instability. Christine Todd Whitman (@GovCTW) is the former administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under President George W. Bush. She previously served as the governor of New Jersey and now runs her own consulting firm.  The views of contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Paris agreement climate Energy Environment renewable Fossil fuels Christine Todd Whitman President Trump Barack Obama   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave... Democrats say they’d like Hillary Clinton to take a cue from President... 948 Shares 2 CNN host calls President Trump 'a... CNN host Reza Aslan called President Trump "a piece of s---" and "an... 466 Shares 3 High-stakes Georgia race puts... Democrats are under pressure to pull off a win in Georgia's open House... 264 Shares 4 Five things lawmakers want to know... Former FBI Director James Comey is scheduled to testify this week before... 251 Shares 5 Ex-Obama speechwriter: US is one '... President Obama's former speechwriter warned that President Trump's tweets... 191 Shares 6 Trump to announce plan to... President Trump will reportedly introduce a plan on Monday to privatize... 188 Shares 7 ACLU to Trump: 'Glad we both agree... The American Civil Liberties Union tweeted their thanks to President Trump... 171 Shares 8 LA mayor: Immigration arrests... Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti in a recent radio interview said he is... 142 Shares 9 MSNBC anchor: Is Trump 'trying to... MSNBC anchor Thomas Roberts twice asked if President Trump "is trying to... 117 Shares 10 Gore: Trump administration comes... Former Vice President Al Gore on Sunday said the Trump administration... 105 Shares 11 London a reminder that deadly... OPINION | Trump is one of few world leaders who is taking the threat of... 92 Shares 12 States scramble to prevent... They are offering insurers new, previously unheard of flexibilities to try... 71 Shares 13 Trump: 'I will do what is... President Trump pledged Sunday to prevent future terror strikes in the U.S... 67 Shares 14 White House to ramp up... Trump will participate in a string of high-profile events aimed at ramping... 66 Shares 15 Trump reignites debate over travel... President Trump this weekend reignited the debate over his travel ban... 64 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Peking University Guanghua New York Forum - The Road Ahead For China News provided by Guanghua School of Management of Peking University 26 May, 2017, 09:49 ET Share this article NEW YORK, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Peking University Guanghua New York Forum attracted more than 200 industry leaders, prominent academics and innovators to discuss this year's theme, "China Outlook." 2017 Peking University Guanghua New York Forum The Forum is an annual event that reimagines China's business and economic landscape. In its fourth year, this year's theme provided a look at the road ahead for China. Peking University, Guanghua School of Management's Dean Prof. Qiao LIU expressed the importance of continuing the Forum's tradition. The Forum, Prof. LIU said, "is a very specific and unique opportunity for us to gather together outside of China. The School aims for the forum to serve as a platform where we can exchange ideas about China and thus give better insights." Carolyn Brehm, Vice-President of Global Government Relations and Public Policy at Procter & Gamble, echoed this sentiment in her welcome remarks saying that forums, such as these, help companies navigate China's changing environment. The forum itself was organized into three themes: (1) Global Economy: China, US & the World, (2) Corporate China 2.0: The Great Shakeup and (3) Attracting China's Middle Class Consumer. For each session, the forum featured an impressive line-up of speakers from think tanks to consumer giants. During the Global Economy theme, the panel revisited the recent upheaval in the world economy- from Brexit and the US presidential election to the impeachment of Brazil's president. As Joseph Lake, Director of Global Forecasting for The Economist Intelligence Unit, put it, "we are now living in the age of anxiety, featured by great uncertainty and turbulence, including Brexit, Trump-induced division and the constant risk of the North Korean state." Despite this context, the China-United States economic and business relationship received an overwhelming positive outlook from the panelists. David Dollar, a Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution, John L. Thornton China Center, mentioned the difference between rhetoric and substance when it comes to the China-U.S. relationship. Dollar illustrated this perfectly, saying, "Trump has performed an abrupt volte face over China after the election while he seemed to be anti-China before and during the election." The Mar-a-Lago China Summit, which occurred this past April, also signaled a positive outlook for collaboration between the two countries moving forward. In fact, Hongbin CAI, Professor of Applied Economics at Guanghua, said, "The Trump-Xi meeting was a success in the sense that it resolved some early anxiety between the two countries." Simon JIN, President of Greater China at S&P Global, further discussed the positive results of that meeting mentioning positive moves that resulted, such as the softening of some of China's financial regulations. Starting on July 16th, JIN mentioned that US financial institutions will be able to provide increased services in China. However, the panelists conceded that a truly, free bilateral trade agreement for the two countries would not occur in the foreseeable future. During Corporate China 2.0 theme, Prof. Qiao LIU analyzed China's economic success and explored why great firms are vital for its future. He maintained that Chinese firms must pursue greatness in order to transform the Chinese economy. "Institutional changes should occur to promote entrepreneurship and foster great firms," he argued. Prof. LIU also insisted that the key is Return of investment capital (ROIC).  Increased ROIC, he pointed out, is vital for China's economy and will drive its growth. While Prof. LIU recognizes that driving China's next phase of growth is no easy task, he remains confident. "China can continue strong growth for another 10 or 20 years, but reform of the micro foundation is needed." The emergence of "Made in China," increased ROIC, and reforms that foster entrepreneurship and great firms will be a vital part of driving that growth. The last theme, Attracting China's Middle Class Consumer, was a panel discussion on the rise of the Chinese consumer. The emergence of a prosperous class of Chinese consumers creates unique opportunities for multinationals. More than three-fourths of China's urban households will approach middle-class status by 2020 and their consumer habits and trends will create winners and losers in the domestic and global marketplace. As Ying ZHANG, Professor of Marketing and Behavioral Science at Guanghua, put it, "With over 600 million middle-class consumers in the next several years, the Chinese middle-class cannot be ignored." Caroline Brehm explained further, "China has unprecedented economic growth and a competitive market," yet she noted that, "the biggest difference between American middle class customers and the Chinese ones is how quickly Chinese customers change." Patricia Graue, Director of Brunswick Group agreed, stating that all sectors in China will undergo dramatic changes in the next several years. Jeffrey Towson, Professor of Investment at Guanghua, also pointed out that the Chinese consumer is complicated because of their changing tastes. "The pace of how consumer tastes changes is astonishing and they are shaping the world," he said. In short, to win in the China market, firms need to understand Chinese consumers at the local level and continually fight for dominance in the market. Anything short of that will lead to failure. Stephen Orlins, President of the National Committee on United States-China Relations, delivered the Closing Remarks, with these words "the change in China since my first visit in 1979 has been so enormous, great and unpredictable. If I think back of my career, and I think back of the defeats, I realize that the defeats have opened up more doors than the victories." About the Peking University, Guanghua New York Forum The Peking University Guanghua New York Forum is an annual event that explores the future of the business and economic landscape of China, as well as its relationship with the United States. The forum brings together over 200 business leaders, innovators and scholars from China and the United States to discuss, debate and exchange ideas on China's road ahead. This year's forum was made possible due to the generous donations of our sponsor, Jyah Asset Management, and held in partnership with the US China Business Council. Full list of speakers: Welcome Remarks: Qiao LIU, Dean, Professor of Finance, Guanghua School of Management, Peking University Carolyn Brehm, US-China Business Council Representative Panel 1: Global Economy: China, US & the World Moderator: Joseph Lake, Director of Global Forecasting, The Economist Intelligence Unit Panelists: Hongbin CAI, Professor of Applied Economics, Guanghua School of Management, Peking University David Dollar, Senior Fellow, Brookings Institution, John L. Thornton China Center Simon JIN, President of Greater China, S&P Global Presentation: Corporate China 2.0: The Great Shakeup with Guanghua Dean Qiao Liu Panel 2: Attracting China's Middle Class Consumer Moderator: Ying ZHANG, Professor of Marketing and Behavioral Science, Guanghua School of Management, Peking University Panelists: Carolyn Brehm, Vice President for Global Government Relations and Public Policy, Procter & Gamble Patricia Graue, Director, Brunswick Group Jeffrey Towson, Professor of Investment, Guanghua School of Management, Peking University Closing Remarks: Stephen Orlins, President, National Committee on United States-China Relations About Peking University, Guanghua School of Management "To advance management knowledge and develop business leaders for China and the Global Society." -Mission Statement of Peking University, Guanghua School of Management Peking University, Guanghua School of Management is a leading business school in the Asia-Pacific renowned for its China-expertise and international perspective. Guanghua offers a comprehensive business education with programs including, undergraduate, graduate, doctoral, MBA, Executive MBA and executive education programs. Guanghua has a global network of over 30,000 alumni working across industries for leading domestic and multinational corporations. It also has over 100 partner institutions across the globe. In addition to its main campus in Beijing, Guanghua has campuses in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Xi'an and Chengdu and is actively  engaged in policy making and economic development in China.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/peking-university-guanghua-new-york-forum---the-road-ahead-for-china-300464551.html SOURCE Guanghua School of Management of Peking University My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Peking University Guanghua New York Forum - The Road Ahead For China News provided by Guanghua School of Management of Peking University 26 May, 2017, 09:49 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Post Earnings Coverage as Coty’s Adjusted Income Surged 110% Upcoming AWS Coverage on Spectrum Brands Holdings Post-Earnings Results LONDON, UK / ACCESSWIRE / May 26, 2017 / Active Wall St. announces its post-earnings coverage on Coty Inc. (NYSE: COTY). The Company posted its third quarter fiscal 2017 financial results on May 10, 2017. The beauty products Company surpassed top- and bottom-line expectations. Register with us now for your free membership at: http://www.activewallst.com/register/. One of Coty’s competitors within the Personal Products space, Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SPB), reported results for Q2 FY17 ended April 02, 2017. AWS will be initiating a research report on Spectrum Brands Holdings in the coming days. Today, AWS is promoting its earnings coverage on COTY; touching on SPB. Get our free coverage by signing up to: http://www.activewallst.com/register/. Earnings Reviewed Coty has done multiple transactions in the past one year in the beauty business. The Company acquired more than 40 brands from Procter & Gamble Co., the personal care and beauty business of Brazil’s Hypermarcas SA; a majority stake in online cosmetics retailer Younique; as well as premium hairstyling appliances Company ghd (good hair day). The Company’s reported results reflected the performance of the business adding in the performance of the acquired brands. For the three months ended March 31, 2017, Coty’s net revenues of $2.03 billion more than doubled compared to Legacy-Coty’s net revenues of $950.7 million in Q3 FY16 and increased 6% at constant currency compared to combined Legacy-Coty and P&G Beauty Businesses’ net revenues in the prior year’s same period. The Company’s revenue numbers exceeded analysts’ consensus of $1.96 billion. For Q3 FY17, Coty’s gross margin was 59.8% a decrease from gross margin of 61.2% for Legacy-Coty in Q3 FY16, while adjusted gross margin was 63.3% an increase from adjusted gross margin of 61.8% for Legacy-Coty in the prior year’s same period, reflecting the addition of the higher gross margin P&G Beauty and Younique businesses. For Q3 FY17, Coty reported operating loss of $(192.5) million compared to operating income of $23.0 million for Legacy-Coty in Q3 FY16, as the income contribution from the acquired businesses was more than offset by increased restructuring costs and acquisition related costs. As a percentage of net revenues, operating margin was a negative (9.5)% versus 2.4% in the prior year’s comparable quarter. Coty’s adjusted operating income increased >100% to $208.3 million compared to $102.6 million for Legacy-Coty in the prior year’s same period, while as a percentage of net revenues, adjusted operating margin remained flat at 10.3%. For Q3 FY17, Coty’s net loss was $(164.2) million, or $(0.22) per diluted share, compared to net loss of $(26.8) million, or $(0.08) per diluted share, for Legacy-Coty in the prior year’s same period. The Company’s adjusted net income increased to $110.3 million in the reported quarter, from $47.8 million for Legacy-Coty in the prior year’s comparable period, primarily reflecting higher adjusted operating income and partially offset by higher interest expense. On a per-share basis, adjusted earnings totaled $0.15 per share, beating Wall Street’s expectations of $0.11 per share. Segment Results During Q3 FY17, Coty’s Luxury net revenues were $634.6 million, increasing 56% as reported compared to Legacy-Coty net revenues of $405.9 million in Q3 FY16, reflecting the contribution from the acquired P&G Beauty Business. The Company’s adjusted operating income from the Luxury business increased 94% to $86.1 million from $44.4 million in the prior year’s same period, resulting in adjusted operating income margin of 13.6%, an increase of 270 basis points versus the year ago comparable period. Coty’s Consumer Beauty net revenues of $988.6 million increased >100% in Q3 FY17 compared to Legacy-Coty’s net revenues of $488.5 million in Q3 FY16, reflecting the contribution from the acquired P&G Beauty Business and Younique. During the reported quarter, adjusted operating income for Consumer Beauty increased >100% to $121.5 million from $43.2 million for Legacy-Coty in the prior year’s same period, resulting in an 12.3% adjusted operating income margin, an increase of 350 basis points on a y-o-y basis. For Q3 FY17, Coty’s Professional Beauty segment’s net revenues was $408.9 million, surging more than six times compared to Legacy-Coty’s net revenues of $56.3 million in Q3 FY16, reflecting the contribution from the acquired P&G Beauty Business and the ghd acquisition. Adjusted operating income for Professional segment decreased to $0.7 million from $15.0 million for Legacy-Coty in the prior year’s same period, resulting in adjusted operating income margin of 0.2% versus 26.6% for Legacy-Coty in the year earlier corresponding quarter. Cash Flows During Q3 FY17, Coty’s net cash generated by operating activities was $43.3 million compared to cash utilization of $(71.8) million for Legacy-Coty in the prior year’s same period, reflecting improved working capital for the combined Company. Coty’s free cash flow was $(82.5) million in the reported quarter compared to $(108.6) million for Legacy-Coty in the prior year’s comparable period, reflecting higher cash from operations which was partially offset by increased capital expenditure. Coty’s cash and cash equivalents were $767.0 million, increasing by $394.6 million; total debt was $7.18 billion, increasing by $3.01 billion, with net debt of $6.42 billion up $2.62 billion from the balance on June 30, 2016. This increase reflected the assumption of approximately $1.94 billion of debt as part of the P&G Beauty Business transaction and financings for the acquisition of ghd and the investment in Younique. In a separate press release on May 10, 2017, Coty’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share, payable on June 13, 2017, to shareholders of record on May 31, 2017. Stock Performance At the closing bell, on Thursday, May 25, 2017, Coty’s stock slightly fell 0.90%, ending the trading session at $18.73. A total volume of 3.80 million shares were traded at the end of the day. In the last month and previous three months, shares of the Company have advanced 3.37% and 0.38%, respectively. Moreover, the stock gained 2.29% since the start of the year. The stock currently has a market cap of $13.91 billion and has a dividend yield of 2.67%. Active Wall Street: Active Wall Street (AWS) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. AWS has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. AWS has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst, for further information on analyst credentials, please email [email protected]. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by AWS. AWS is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way. NO WARRANTY AWS, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. AWS, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, AWS, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERING This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither AWS nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://www.activewallst.com/disclaimer/. CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you’re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: [email protected] Phone number: 1-858-257-3144 Office Address: 3rd floor, 207 Regent Street, London, W1B 3HH, United Kingdom CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE: Active Wall Street CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Full Body Scanner Consumption Market 2017: Global Industry Insights, Growth, Size and Research to 2021 Next PostNext IDW Media Holdings, Inc. (IDWM: OTCQX U.S.) | IDW Media Holdings Names Stephen R. Brown to Board of Directors Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 Billion in Revenues in 2027 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Bioprinting Markets: Materials, Equipment and Applications - 2017 to 2027" report to their offering. The analysis suggests that by 2027, bioprinting applications will generate over $1 billion in revenue, accompanied by a healthy market in specialist bioprinting hardware and materials. The report believes that the potential for the bioprinting sector has increased considerably in the past couple of years.  What we are seeing is that (1) bioprinters themselves have technologically matured and (2) they have also become more accessible in terms of cost to a wider target of users -- low-cost desktop bioprinters are available at below $20,000. Meanwhile, bioprinting is experiencing a rapid transformation from basic research in academic laboratories to an emerging industry due to its near-term potential in areas such as drug discovery, personalized medicine, regenerative medicine, cosmetics testing, medical devices and food manufacturing. While printing complete organs still seems a long way off, revenues from bioprinting are already being generated from these more immediate applications. This report explores the commercial implications of bioprinting in depth and includes: - Ten-year forecasts of bioprinting materials, hardware and applications markets. Materials are broken out by type and forecasted hardware is presented by both unit sales and in revenue terms, with breakouts by process technology and price point.  Revenues for bioprinting applications are segmented by the type of application - specifically, drug discovery, cosmetics testing, medical devices and tissue regeneration. - Highly granular information about current pricing of both bioprinters and printing materials for bioprinting applications.  In addition, the report provides detailed information on which companies and institutions are using bioprinters today and which printers they are using. - An assessment of the product/market strategies of emerging and established firms in the bioprinting space.  While many of the firms pioneering this space are well-funded and innovative start-ups, bioprinting is also attracting the attention of some of the largest multinationals in big pharma and cosmetics, for example.  Astellas Pharma, Bristol-Meyers Squibb, Merck, Novartis, Procter and Gamble, Roche and others all have bioprinting programs, as do some of the large research facilities in the world, such as the National Institutes of Health in the US.  Meanwhile, bioprinting continues to be a favorite target of venture capital firms. - A full discussion of the latest developments in droplet and extrusion bio printer and what they mean both technically and from a business perspective.  Also included is an analysis of the very diverse market for bioprinted materials.  Emerging bioinks, include combinations of polymers, ceramics, cells, cell aggregates, peptides, growth factors, hydrogels, scaffold components, and other materials. Key Topics Covered: Chapter One: The 3D Bioprinting Market in 2016 1.1 Key Trends in 3D Bioprinting Driving Hardware Demand 1.1.1 Analysis of Commercially Viable 3D Bioprinting Applications 1.1.2 The Promise of 3D-Printed Organs 1.1.3 How 3D Cell Culture is Affecting Medical Research 1.2 The 3D Bioprinting Industry 1.2.1 The Market for Bioprinting Materials 1.2.2 How Low Cost and Open Source Bioprinting is Affecting the Competitive Landscape 1.3 Objective of this Report 1.4 Methodology of this Report Chapter Two: 3D Bioprinting Processes, Hardware and Materials 2.1 Origins of Bioprinting 2.1.1 Scaffold Based (Indirect) Bioprinting 2.1.2 Scaffold-free Bioprinting 2.2 Laser-Assisted Bioprinting (LaBP) Methods 2.2.1 LIFT (Laser-Induced Forward Transfer) 2.2.2 LGDW (Laser Guided Direct Writing) 2.3 Stereolithography 2.3.1 Microstereolithography (MSTL) 2.3.2 Projection-based Microstereolithography (pMSTL) 2.3.3 Nanostereolithography (NSTL) 2.3.4 Two-Photon Polymerization (2PP) 2.4 Laser Free Bioprinting Methods (LfBP) 2.4.1 3D Bioprinting by Material Jetting 2.4.1.1 Inkjet 2.4.1.2 Drop-on-Demand (DoD) 2.4.1.3 Thermal DoD 2.4.1.4 Piezoelectric 2.4.1.5 ElectroHydroDynamic (EHD) 2.4.1.6 Acoustic Bioprinting 2.4.1.7 Micro-Valve Bioprinting 2.4.2 3D Bioprinting by Extrusion 2.4.2.1 Pneumatic, Piston and Screw Based Extrusion 2.4.2.2 MHDS (Multi-Head Deposition System) 2.4.2.3 How Low-Cost Open Source Bioprinting is Affecting Academic Research 2.5 Other Methods 2.5.1 Electrospinning 2.5.2 Magnetic Levitation (n3D) 2.5.3 The Kenzan Method 2.6 Post Processing: The Bioreactor 2.7 Materials for 3D Bioprinting 2.7.1 Characteristics of Bioinks and Bio-consumables 2.7.2 Scaffolds 2.7.3 Hydrogels 2.7.3.1 Alginate 2.7.3.2 Collagen 2.7.3.3 Gelatin 2.7.3.4 GelMA 2.7.3.5 Fibrin 2.7.3.6 Hyaluronic Acid 2.7.3.7 dECM 2.7.4 Stem Cells 2.7.5 Spheroids and Organoids 2.7.6 Polymers 2.7.6.1 PCL 2.7.6.2 PLGA 2.7.6.3 PEG 2.7.6.4 Poloxamer 407 (Pluronic F127) 2.7.6.5 PLA 2.7.7 Ceramics Chapter Three: The Present and Future of 3D Bioprinting Applications 3.1 Tissue Regeneration 3.1.1 Cartilage 3.1.2 Skin 3.1.3 Bones 3.1.4 Blood Vessels 3.2 Complex Organs: the Billion Cell Construct 3.2.1 Thyroid and Pancreas 3.2.2 Kidney 3.2.3 Liver 3.2.4 Heart and Valves 3.2.5 Brain 3.3 Research 3.3.1 Drug Toxicity Testing and Screening 3.3.2 In-Vitro Organ Models and the Organ-on-a-Chip 3.3.3 Cosmetics 3.4 Cellular Agriculture 3.4.1 Meat 3.4.2 Other Products Chapter Four: Analysis of the 3D Bioprinting Competitive Landscape 4.1 Leading Hardware Manufacturers 4.1.1 EnvisionTEC 4.1.2 RegenHU 4.1.3 Advanced Solutions (BioAssemblyBot) 4.1.4 3D Bioprinting Solutions 4.1.5 Regenovo 4.1.6 GeSIM 4.1.7 Cyfuse Biomedical 4.2 Low-Cost Hardware and Commercial Bioink Manufacturers 4.2.1 Biobots (U.S.) 4.2.2 CELLINK (Europe - Sweden) 4.2.3 Rokit (Asia - South Korea) 4.2.4 Bio3D (Asia - Singapore) 4.2.5 Bioink Solutions 4.3 Major Universities and Associations in 3D Bioprinting Research 4.3.1 Harvard: Wyss Institute Lewis Lab 4.3.2 International Society for BioFabrication 4.3.3 Utrecht University Biofabrication Facility 4.3.4 IMS Postech South Korea 4.3.5 Northwestern University - Shah TEAM Lab 4.3.6 Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine (WFRIM) 4.3.7 Herston Biofabrication Institute 4.4 Commercial Bioprinting Research Firms 4.4.1 Organovo 4.4.2 Tissue Regeneration Systems 4.4.3 Poietis 4.4.4 Aspect Biosystems 4.4.5 Nano3D Biosciences (n3D) Chapter Five: Ten-Year 3D Bioprinting Market Forecasts - Hardware, Materials and Research 5.1 Limiting Factors 5.2 The 3D Bioprinting Market: Hardware, Materials and Applications: Ten-Year Forecast 5.2.1 Ten-Year Forecast of 3D Bioprinting Hardware Market 5.3 Ten-Year Bioink Forecast 5.3.1 Hydrogels and Scaffolding Materials Sales and Demand 5.3.2 Scaffolding Materials Sales and Demand 5.3.3 Matrix Materials Sales and Demand 5.4 Ten-Year Forecast for 3D Bioprinting Research and Tissue Regeneration Applications For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/pvsvq3/bioprinting Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-3d-printing-report-that-projects-bioprinting-revenues-to-reach-11-billion-in-revenues-in-2027---research-and-markets-300464120.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 26 May, 2017, 09:10 ET Preview: Research and Markets - 2017 3D Printing Opportunities in the Jewelry Industry - Projections to 2027 with Profiles of Leading Players - Stratasys, 3D Systems, EnvisionTEC, EOS, Concept Laser, Sisma, ReaLizer 26 May, 2017, 08:50 ET Preview: Global $950 Million Additive Manufacturing with Metal Powders Opportunity Analysis and Ten-Year Forecast 2017-2027 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Biotechnology Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 Billion in Revenues in 2027 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 Billion in Revenues in 2027 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 14:00 BST Share this article DUBLIN, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Bioprinting Markets: Materials, Equipment and Applications - 2017 to 2027" report to their offering. The analysis suggests that by 2027, bioprinting applications will generate over $1 billion in revenue, accompanied by a healthy market in specialist bioprinting hardware and materials. The report believes that the potential for the bioprinting sector has increased considerably in the past couple of years.  What we are seeing is that (1) bioprinters themselves have technologically matured and (2) they have also become more accessible in terms of cost to a wider target of users -- low-cost desktop bioprinters are available at below $20,000. Meanwhile, bioprinting is experiencing a rapid transformation from basic research in academic laboratories to an emerging industry due to its near-term potential in areas such as drug discovery, personalized medicine, regenerative medicine, cosmetics testing, medical devices and food manufacturing. While printing complete organs still seems a long way off, revenues from bioprinting are already being generated from these more immediate applications. This report explores the commercial implications of bioprinting in depth and includes: - Ten-year forecasts of bioprinting materials, hardware and applications markets. Materials are broken out by type and forecasted hardware is presented by both unit sales and in revenue terms, with breakouts by process technology and price point.  Revenues for bioprinting applications are segmented by the type of application - specifically, drug discovery, cosmetics testing, medical devices and tissue regeneration. - Highly granular information about current pricing of both bioprinters and printing materials for bioprinting applications.  In addition, the report provides detailed information on which companies and institutions are using bioprinters today and which printers they are using. - An assessment of the product/market strategies of emerging and established firms in the bioprinting space.  While many of the firms pioneering this space are well-funded and innovative start-ups, bioprinting is also attracting the attention of some of the largest multinationals in big pharma and cosmetics, for example.  Astellas Pharma, Bristol-Meyers Squibb, Merck, Novartis, Procter and Gamble, Roche and others all have bioprinting programs, as do some of the large research facilities in the world, such as the National Institutes of Health in the US.  Meanwhile, bioprinting continues to be a favorite target of venture capital firms. - A full discussion of the latest developments in droplet and extrusion bio printer and what they mean both technically and from a business perspective.  Also included is an analysis of the very diverse market for bioprinted materials.  Emerging bioinks, include combinations of polymers, ceramics, cells, cell aggregates, peptides, growth factors, hydrogels, scaffold components, and other materials. Key Topics Covered: Chapter One: The 3D Bioprinting Market in 2016 1.1 Key Trends in 3D Bioprinting Driving Hardware Demand 1.1.1 Analysis of Commercially Viable 3D Bioprinting Applications 1.1.2 The Promise of 3D-Printed Organs 1.1.3 How 3D Cell Culture is Affecting Medical Research 1.2 The 3D Bioprinting Industry 1.2.1 The Market for Bioprinting Materials 1.2.2 How Low Cost and Open Source Bioprinting is Affecting the Competitive Landscape 1.3 Objective of this Report 1.4 Methodology of this Report Chapter Two: 3D Bioprinting Processes, Hardware and Materials 2.1 Origins of Bioprinting 2.1.1 Scaffold Based (Indirect) Bioprinting 2.1.2 Scaffold-free Bioprinting 2.2 Laser-Assisted Bioprinting (LaBP) Methods 2.2.1 LIFT (Laser-Induced Forward Transfer) 2.2.2 LGDW (Laser Guided Direct Writing) 2.3 Stereolithography 2.3.1 Microstereolithography (MSTL) 2.3.2 Projection-based Microstereolithography (pMSTL) 2.3.3 Nanostereolithography (NSTL) 2.3.4 Two-Photon Polymerization (2PP) 2.4 Laser Free Bioprinting Methods (LfBP) 2.4.1 3D Bioprinting by Material Jetting 2.4.1.1 Inkjet 2.4.1.2 Drop-on-Demand (DoD) 2.4.1.3 Thermal DoD 2.4.1.4 Piezoelectric 2.4.1.5 ElectroHydroDynamic (EHD) 2.4.1.6 Acoustic Bioprinting 2.4.1.7 Micro-Valve Bioprinting 2.4.2 3D Bioprinting by Extrusion 2.4.2.1 Pneumatic, Piston and Screw Based Extrusion 2.4.2.2 MHDS (Multi-Head Deposition System) 2.4.2.3 How Low-Cost Open Source Bioprinting is Affecting Academic Research 2.5 Other Methods 2.5.1 Electrospinning 2.5.2 Magnetic Levitation (n3D) 2.5.3 The Kenzan Method 2.6 Post Processing: The Bioreactor 2.7 Materials for 3D Bioprinting 2.7.1 Characteristics of Bioinks and Bio-consumables 2.7.2 Scaffolds 2.7.3 Hydrogels 2.7.3.1 Alginate 2.7.3.2 Collagen 2.7.3.3 Gelatin 2.7.3.4 GelMA 2.7.3.5 Fibrin 2.7.3.6 Hyaluronic Acid 2.7.3.7 dECM 2.7.4 Stem Cells 2.7.5 Spheroids and Organoids 2.7.6 Polymers 2.7.6.1 PCL 2.7.6.2 PLGA 2.7.6.3 PEG 2.7.6.4 Poloxamer 407 (Pluronic F127) 2.7.6.5 PLA 2.7.7 Ceramics Chapter Three: The Present and Future of 3D Bioprinting Applications 3.1 Tissue Regeneration 3.1.1 Cartilage 3.1.2 Skin 3.1.3 Bones 3.1.4 Blood Vessels 3.2 Complex Organs: the Billion Cell Construct 3.2.1 Thyroid and Pancreas 3.2.2 Kidney 3.2.3 Liver 3.2.4 Heart and Valves 3.2.5 Brain 3.3 Research 3.3.1 Drug Toxicity Testing and Screening 3.3.2 In-Vitro Organ Models and the Organ-on-a-Chip 3.3.3 Cosmetics 3.4 Cellular Agriculture 3.4.1 Meat 3.4.2 Other Products Chapter Four: Analysis of the 3D Bioprinting Competitive Landscape 4.1 Leading Hardware Manufacturers 4.1.1 EnvisionTEC 4.1.2 RegenHU 4.1.3 Advanced Solutions (BioAssemblyBot) 4.1.4 3D Bioprinting Solutions 4.1.5 Regenovo 4.1.6 GeSIM 4.1.7 Cyfuse Biomedical 4.2 Low-Cost Hardware and Commercial Bioink Manufacturers 4.2.1 Biobots (U.S.) 4.2.2 CELLINK (Europe - Sweden) 4.2.3 Rokit (Asia - South Korea) 4.2.4 Bio3D (Asia - Singapore) 4.2.5 Bioink Solutions 4.3 Major Universities and Associations in 3D Bioprinting Research 4.3.1 Harvard: Wyss Institute Lewis Lab 4.3.2 International Society for BioFabrication 4.3.3 Utrecht University Biofabrication Facility 4.3.4 IMS Postech South Korea 4.3.5 Northwestern University - Shah TEAM Lab 4.3.6 Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine (WFRIM) 4.3.7 Herston Biofabrication Institute 4.4 Commercial Bioprinting Research Firms 4.4.1 Organovo 4.4.2 Tissue Regeneration Systems 4.4.3 Poietis 4.4.4 Aspect Biosystems 4.4.5 Nano3D Biosciences (n3D) Chapter Five: Ten-Year 3D Bioprinting Market Forecasts - Hardware, Materials and Research 5.1 Limiting Factors 5.2 The 3D Bioprinting Market: Hardware, Materials and Applications: Ten-Year Forecast 5.2.1 Ten-Year Forecast of 3D Bioprinting Hardware Market 5.3 Ten-Year Bioink Forecast 5.3.1 Hydrogels and Scaffolding Materials Sales and Demand 5.3.2 Scaffolding Materials Sales and Demand 5.3.3 Matrix Materials Sales and Demand 5.4 Ten-Year Forecast for 3D Bioprinting Research and Tissue Regeneration Applications For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/pvsvq3/bioprinting Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 26 May, 2017, 14:10 BST Preview: Research and Markets - 2017 3D Printing Opportunities in the Jewelry Industry - Projections to 2027 with Profiles of Leading Players - Stratasys, 3D Systems, EnvisionTEC, EOS, Concept Laser, Sisma, ReaLizer 26 May, 2017, 13:50 BST Preview: Global $950 Million Additive Manufacturing with Metal Powders Opportunity Analysis and Ten-Year Forecast 2017-2027 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 Jun, 2017, 00:30 BSTGlobal Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 03 Jun, 2017, 00:20 BSTIndia Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Biotechnology Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 Billion in Revenues in 2027 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 14:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Prescription Pet Food Market Growth is Boosted by improvements in Pharmaceutical sectors The study of the ” Prescription Pet Food Market” provides the market size information and market trends along with the factors and parameters impacting it in both short and long term. The study ensures a 360° view, bringing out the complete key insights of the industry. In this report, the EMEA Prescription Pet Food market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/299222 . Geographically, this report split EMEA into Europe, the Middle East and Africa, With sales (K MT), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Prescription Pet Food for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux; Middle East: Saudi Arabia, Israel, UAE and Iran; Africa: South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt and Algeria. EMEA Prescription Pet Food market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Prescription Pet Food sales volume (K MT), price (USD/MT), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Mars Petcare Nestle Purina Hill’s Pet Nutrition (Colgate-Palmolive ) Procter & Gamble Diamond pet foods Affinity Petcare (Agrolimen) Buddy’s Kitchen Blue Buffalo Unicharm Del Monte Foods Nutriara Alimentos Ltda. Total Alimentos Darwin’s Flint River Ranch Purchase a copy of EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Prescription Pet Food Market visit @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/299222   For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com   . On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K MT), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/MT), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Weight Management Digestive Care Skin and Food Allergies Kindney Care Urinary Health Liver Health Diabetes Illness and Surgery Recovery Support Joint Support Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume (K MT), market share and growth rate of Prescription Pet Food for each application, including Dog Cat Others Browse Complete Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/emea-europe-middle-east-and-africa-prescription-pet-food-market-report-2017 . Some points from TOC: Chapter One: Prescription Pet Food Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Prescription Pet Food 1.2 Classification of Prescription Pet Food 1.2.1 EMEA Prescription Pet Food Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 EMEA Prescription Pet Food Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Weight Management 1.2.4 Digestive Care 1.2.5 Skin and Food Allergies 1.2.6 Kindney Care 1.2.7 Urinary Health 1.2.8 Liver Health 1.2.9 Diabetes 1.2.10 Illness and Surgery Recovery Support 1.2.11 Joint Support 1.2.12 Others 1.3 EMEA Prescription Pet Food Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 EMEA Prescription Pet Food Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022 1.3.2 Dog 1.3.3 Cat 1.3.4 Others 1.4 EMEA Prescription Pet Food Market by Region 1.4.1 EMEA Prescription Pet Food Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Middle East Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Africa Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 EMEA Market Size (Value and Volume) of Prescription Pet Food (2012-2022) 1.5.1 EMEA Prescription Pet Food Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 EMEA Prescription Pet Food Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Follow Us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/orbis-research Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/orbisresearch Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Orbis-Research/820969017982115 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Prescription Pet Food Industry, Prescription Pet Food Market, Prescription Pet Food Market 2017, Prescription Pet Food Market 2022 Forecast, Prescription Pet Food Market development, Prescription Pet Food Market Sales, Prescription Pet Food Market Share, Prescription Pet Food Market Size, Prescription Pet Food Market trend Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Smart Grid Deployment Tracker Market 2017-2022: World Consumption and Sales Analysis Market Report Next PostNext Wang Yi Talks about Feelings of His Visits to Four African Countries Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Global Body Mist Market: Latest Industry Trends and Forecast Analysis The Report added on Global Body Mist Market added by DecisionDatabases.com to its huge database. This research study is segmented on the basis of applications, technology, geography, and types. The Report provides a detailed Body Mist Industry overview along with the analysis of industry’s gross margin, cost structure, consumption value and sale price. The leading companies of the Body Mist Market, manufacturers, and distributors are profiled in the report along with the latest Industry development current and future trends. Access the Report and full TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/10807-body-mist-industry-market-report This report studies Body Mist in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Chanel, Este Lauder, L Brands, LOral, LVMH, Shiseido, Amway, Avon Products, Burberry, Cadiveu Professional USA, Chatters Canada, Combe, Conair, Coty, Edgewell Personal Care, Henkel, Godrej Consumer Products, Helen of Troy, Johnson & Johnson, Kao, Marchesa, Mary Kay, O Boticrio, Procter & Gamble, Revlon, Tom’s of Maine, Unilever, World Hair Cosmetics. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Body Mist in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India. Download Free Sample Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-10807 Table of Contents-Snapshot 1 Market Overview 2 Global Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 4 Global Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Market Forecast (2016-2021) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Purchase a copy of Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-10807 View Related Reports @ Global Wedding Dress Industry 2015 Market Research Report Global Car Wax Industry 2015 Market Research Report About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research Report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For More Details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBody Mist Industry Analysis, Body Mist Industry Share, Body Mist Market, Body Mist Market Forecasts Report, Body Mist Market Growth, Body Mist Market Latest Trends, Body Mist Market Outlook, Body Mist Market Report, Body Mist Market Research Report, Consumer Goods, Global Body Mist Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Biotech Stocks on Investors’ Radar — Achillion Pharma, Acorda Therapeutics, Aralez Pharma, and Regulus Therapeutics Next PostNext Chocolate Market set to garner staggering revenues by 2024 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday June 5, 2017 News Business Larger / SmallerNight Mode Ride an Uber, drive a Tesla - just don't invest in them Elizabeth Knight 26 May 2017, 2:33 p.m. All tech is not good tech. And just because they are big today doesn't mean they are safe investments. Ride an Uber, drive a Tesla - just don't invest in them SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA - APRIL 16: CEO of Magellan, Hamish Douglass poses for a portrait on April 16, 2015 in Sydney, Australia. (Photo by Jessica Hromas/Fairfax Media) *** Local Caption *** Hamish Douglass Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit Local Business Business Day: Sign up for our newsletter Hamish Douglass strutted his tech bona fides on stage this week with an attention-grabbing performance that drew headlines following his claim that "Uber was one of the stupidest businesses in history". His other prediction: "Theprobability of Tesla surviving in the long term [is] actually pretty low as well." Such claims could be construed as coming from a technology disruption denier. Anything but. Douglass, who co-founded global share fund Magellan, is a disruption disciple, having moved away from a devotion to a range of international consumer companies that he now sees as dinosaurs. He is not alone. There are other investment managers, some of whom hitched themselves to the technology investment train years ago and have ridden the rise in the likes of Google, Facebook and Amazon. Douglass grew Magellan by investing in leading global stocks - some of which he now considers are becoming victims of technology - the likes of Procter & Gamble and US retailer Target. But standing before a conference this week and declaring Uber is likely to be broke in 10 years, Douglass is marketing his firm's credentials as one that has evolved. The message he is actually trying to convey is two-fold. First, that investors shouldn't be swayed by big or familiar tech brands such as Uber and Tesla. Rather, look under the hood at the business model because some just don't stack up. All tech is not good tech. And just because they are big today doesn't mean they are safe investments. Tesla, despite producing only a small number of cars, is worth more than Ford, and Uber is now valued at $US68 billion ($91.6 billion), having raised billions from investors in what Douglass likens to a Ponzi scheme. Tesla and Uber currently operate business models that are based on driving cars when Douglass sees driverless cars as the future of consumer transport. He believes Google is ahead in the race for autonomous vehicles. The other plank in his investment thesis is to beware of companies that are currently churning out big profits but will become victims of technological disruption down the track. Staying with this metaphor, he thinks that when driving your investment portfolio, you must be looking into the distance and not in the rear-view mirror. Say five or even 20 years down the track. We know that the companies that dominate the US market today - such as Amazon and Google - were relative minnows 10 years ago. The trick to investing in new-economy companies is predicting winners in the midst of a technology-based revolution in which the rate of change is exponential and disrupters can become disrupted. By way of example, Microsoft demonstrated last year it could translate the whole of Wikipedia from English to another language on its Azure platform in a 10th of a second. "We are entering a period in history over the next 10 to 20 years where there are going to be fundamental challenges and disruptions to many business models in the world," Douglass says. "And [while] people have been saying that is not delivering any productivity gains, I would argue strongly that's because we are sitting between two industrial periods in history." The previous revolutions was about industrialisation and globalisation and the one we are seeing today is the digital revolution, he says. The industrial revolution and later globalisation led to massive productivity gains, which have now been well and truly harvested. The new era of disruption will be just as momentous. We have already seen early signs in industries like media and music, but Douglass argues this is but a small taste of what is to come. "We would argue if we look 10 to 15 years out, we are going to have disruption of scale similar to what we saw in [the] industrial and globalisation revolutions." "If you go to human knowledge, it has never really been automated but we are within five to 10 years away from software programs written to truly automate human knowledge and what is missing is computer understanding of natural language." Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and Amazon's Jeff Bezos believe we are five to 10 years away from computers beingable to understand everything that's written in Wikipedia, not just translate it, he says. It would be a massive breakthrough in artificial intelligence. "Once that happens, the big revolution will be able to attack service and knowledge-based industries at scale ... we can add manufacturing like 3D printing which could completely change the paradigm of manufacturing and where goods get manufactured in the world." So what about the Amazon effect? We are already seeing the value of retailers across the globe being re-rated down on the back of the impact of Amazon. Douglass says that even a company like Procter & Gamble, with one of the most formidable line-ups of consumer brands on the planet -Gillette, Pampers, Tide - which has historically traded at a long-term multiple of 20 times earnings, will be, in the the future, subject to mass disruption by Amazon. "They [P&G] have been so powerful because their business model has been supported by traditional advertising, which has largely been television," Douglass says. And the world's largest advertiser works in partnership with the big retailers like (US) Woolworths and Tesco. So what traditional companies are safe from the technology onslaught? Try Coca-Cola, McDonald's and even Starbucks and Nike, he says. People still eat, drink and exercise. The story Ride an Uber, drive a Tesla - just don't invest in them first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Local Business Latest News Newcastle weavers spin a yarn or two Statement from the Heart a ‘turning point’: Sean Gordon Marlins women, reserves triumph in round nine of AFL season Thornton home for 500 new families Marauders turn the tables to win gridiron championship | photos, videos Editor's Picks Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive The day the ship hit the sand | video, pictures How the city winced as a floundering Pasha Bulker drifted along the coast before coming aground at Nobbys. Penrith Panthers whitewash Bulldogs The Penrith Panthers left nothing to the imagination with a 38-0 victory at ANZ Stadium. Manly secures extra time win over Raiders | Photos The Sea Eagles appeared to have sealed victory when they led 20-6 at half time. Firies ready to put new trucks to good use | PHOTOS Two Lower Hunter fire brigades have received a helping hand with brand new fire trucks. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport NRL AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Annual Business Awards Annual Business Awards - Vote here Competitions Search Local Products & Services Myall Coast Nota News Local Business Feature Special Publications Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Ag and Rural Tributes Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Lactic Acid Market Size Worth $9.8Bn By 2025 & PLA To Reach $6.5Bn: Grand View Research, Inc “Grand View Research, Inc. – Market Research And Consulting.” According to new report published by Grand View Research, Global Lactic Acid & Polylactic Acid Market is expected to reach USD 9.8 billion and USD 6.5 billion respectively by 2025. Rising demand for lactic acid as pH regulator and preservatives for food & beverages sector is expected to fuel its demand over the next eight years. Global Lactic Acid & Polylactic Acid Market is expected to reach USD 9.8 billion and USD 6.5 billion respectively by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Rising demand for lactic acid as pH regulator and preservatives for food & beverages sector is expected to fuel its demand over the next eight years. Growing cosmetic industry, on account of the increasing number of manufacturing base by companies including Unilever, Johnson & Johnson, and P&G in the U.S. is expected to drive industry expansion. Growing consumer awareness regarding the need for sustainability, biodegradability, recyclability, and green packaging is projected to drive global PLA usage over the forecast period. Moreover, various manufacturers are engaged in improving properties of PLA including impact strength, flexibility, stiffness, barrier properties, thermal stability, increase degradation rate, and reduce production costs, which is likely to create immense market potential.   Pharmaceuticals accounted for 7.5% of the overall revenue share of lactic acid in 2016 and are expected to witness high gains as the product serves as a pH-regulation, chiral intermediate, and metal sequestration as well as a natural body constituent. Increasing need for pharmaceutical grade creams and other medicines among consumers is expected to propel demand over the forecast period. Full Research Report on Global Lactic Acid & Poly Lactic Acid Market Analysis:  http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/lactic-acid-and-poly-lactic-acid-market U.S. lactic acid market volume by application, 2014 – 2025 (Kilo Tons) Further key findings from the report suggest: Global lactic acid demand was 1,220.0 kilo tons in 2016 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 16.2% from 2017 to 2025 which is a result of increasing sales of medicines and perfumes in the Latin America and Asia Pacific region. Latin America lactic acid market is projected to witness significant revenue rise at a CAGR of 19.2% from 2017 to 2025 in light of the growing cosmetics industry in Brazil and Argentina. Textiles accounted for 21.0% of the polylactic acid revenue share in 2016 and is expected to witness growth as a result of its various properties including natural UV resistance, high tenacity, low smoke formation, and low flammability. Asia Pacific polylactic acid market is projected to show significant revenue rise at a CAGR of 22.4% from 2017 to 2025 owing to the establishment of various food & beverage and cosmetics manufacturing units particularly in India and China. In Asia Pacific, ‘on-the-go’ lifestyle of consumers and growing disposable income is expected to have a positive impact on the food & beverage sector which in turn is likely to propel packaging industry growth. In May 2016, Corbion Purac launched a PLA portfolio of bioplastic resins for North America to meet growing demand for packaging applications. In October 2013, Corbion Purac and bio-film manufacturer Innovia joined hands to develop temperature-stable and transparent PLA films View more reports of this category by Grand View Research at: http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry/specialty-and-fine-chemicals Grand View Research has segmented the Global Lactic Acid And Polylactic Acid Market on the basis of Application, And Region: Lactic Acid Application Outlook (Volume, Kilo Tons; Revenue, USD Million, 2014 – 2025) Industrial Food and beverages Pharmaceuticals Personal care Others Polylactic Acid Application Outlook (Volume, Kilo Tons; Revenue, USD Million, 2014 – 2025) Packaging Agriculture Transport Electronics Textiles Others Regional Outlook (Volume, Kilo Tons; Revenue, USD Million, 2014 – 2025) North America Europe Asia Pacific Central & South America Middle East & Africa  Access Press Release of this research report by Grand View Research: http://www.grandviewresearch.com/press-release/global-lactic-acid-and-poly-lactic-acid-market            About Grand View Research Grand View Research, Inc. is a U.S. based market research and consulting company, registered in the State of California and headquartered in San Francisco. The company provides syndicated research reports, customized research reports, and consulting services. To help clients make informed business decisions, we offer market intelligence studies ensuring relevant and fact-based research across a range of industries, from technology to chemicals, materials and healthcare. For More Information: www.grandviewresearch.com Media Contact Company Name: Grand View Research, Inc. Contact Person: Sherry James, Corporate Sales Specialist – U.S.A. Email: sales@grandviewresearch.com Phone: 1-415-349-0058, Toll Free: 1-888-202-9519 Address:28 2nd Street, Suite 3036 City: San Francisco State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/lactic-acid-and-poly-lactic-acid-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Manufacturing & Industry, Science, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Smart Home and Smart Building Market: First Signs for an Upcoming Take-off – Research and Markets Next PostNext 2022 Automotive Night Vision Systems Market Product Types, Application & Specification Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Concor jumps after reporting decent Q4 numbers Board of Modern Shares & Stockbrokers recommends final dividend Business Standard Shares continue upward momentum Capital Market  May 26, 2017 Last Updated at 12:20 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVoBCp ALSO READ Shares hover in range Shares hover in range Shares tumble on weak global cues Shares turn range bound Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday high Buying continued unabated as key benchmark indices extended gains and hit fresh intraday high in early afternoon trade. At 12:17 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 219.17 points or 0.71% at 30,969.20. The Nifty 50 index was up 60.05 points, or 0.63%, at 9,569.80. The Sensex and the Nifty, both, hit their record high levels in early afternoon trade. The Sensex rose 219.78 points, or 0.71% at the day's high of 30,969.81 in early afternoon trade, its record high level. The index fell 4.46 points, or 0.01% at the day's low of 30,745.57 in early trade. The Nifty rose 62.30 points, or 0.66% at the day's high of 9,572.05 in early afternoon trade, its record high level. The index fell 14.35 points, or 0.15% at the day's low of 9,495.40 in early trade. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was up 1.03%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 1.28%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The broad market depicted strength. There were more than two gainers against every loser on BSE. 1,688 shares rose and 710 shares fell. A total of 138 shares were unchanged. FMCG shares were mixed. Nestle India (up 2.52%), Tata Global Beverages (up 1.50%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 1.19%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 1.12%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.95%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.76%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.60%) and Bajaj Corp (up 0.08%), edged higher. Dabur India (down 0.09%), Britannia Industries (down 0.22%), Marico (down 0.22%) and Hindustan Unilever (down 0.42%), edged lower. Most power generation stocks rose. Jaiprakash Power Ventures (up 4.72%), NHPC (up 2.39%), Reliance Infrastructure (up 2.37%), GMR Infrastructure (up 1.97%), Reliance Power (up 1.77%), JSW Energy (up 0.94%), CESC (up 0.82%) and Adani Power (up 0.7%), edged higher. Tata Power (down 0.31%), NTPC (down 0.32%) and Torrent Power (down 1.29%), edged lower. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 1.61%. State-run Coal India was up 0.85%. Repco Home Finance rose 3.79% after net profit rose 20% to Rs 50.60 crore on 14% growth in income from operations to Rs 273.50 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. Net interest income rose 20% to Rs 102.90 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. Net interest margin expanded to 4.7% in Q4 March 2017, from 4.6% in Q4 March 2016. Spread expanded to 3.4% in Q4 March 2017, from 3% in Q4 March 2016. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 25 May 2017. Overseas, Asian shares were mixed as a slump in crude prices spoiled global risk appetite. In the global commodities markets, Brent crude oil futures fell overnight as the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) extended the production cut, but was silent on a long term plan. Brent for July 2017 settlement was down 26 cents at $51.20 a barrel. The contract fell $2.50 a barrel or 4.63% to settle at $51.46 a barrel in the previous trading session. Opec decided yesterday, 25 May 2017, in Austria to extend cuts in oil output by nine months to March 2018, delegates said, as the producer group battles a global glut of crude after seeing prices halve and revenues drop sharply in the past three years. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Shares | Bse | Nifty | Sensex | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Shares continue upward momentum Buying continued unabated as key benchmark indices extended gains and hit fresh intraday high in early afternoon trade. At 12:17 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 219.17 points or 0.71% at 30,969.20. The Nifty 50 index was up 60.05 points, or 0.63%, at 9,569.80. Buying continued unabated as key benchmark indices extended gains and hit fresh intraday high in early afternoon trade. At 12:17 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 219.17 points or 0.71% at 30,969.20. The Nifty 50 index was up 60.05 points, or 0.63%, at 9,569.80. The Sensex and the Nifty, both, hit their record high levels in early afternoon trade. The Sensex rose 219.78 points, or 0.71% at the day's high of 30,969.81 in early afternoon trade, its record high level. The index fell 4.46 points, or 0.01% at the day's low of 30,745.57 in early trade. The Nifty rose 62.30 points, or 0.66% at the day's high of 9,572.05 in early afternoon trade, its record high level. The index fell 14.35 points, or 0.15% at the day's low of 9,495.40 in early trade. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was up 1.03%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 1.28%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The broad market depicted strength. There were more than two gainers against every loser on BSE. 1,688 shares rose and 710 shares fell. A total of 138 shares were unchanged. FMCG shares were mixed. Nestle India (up 2.52%), Tata Global Beverages (up 1.50%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 1.19%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 1.12%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.95%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.76%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.60%) and Bajaj Corp (up 0.08%), edged higher. Dabur India (down 0.09%), Britannia Industries (down 0.22%), Marico (down 0.22%) and Hindustan Unilever (down 0.42%), edged lower. Most power generation stocks rose. Jaiprakash Power Ventures (up 4.72%), NHPC (up 2.39%), Reliance Infrastructure (up 2.37%), GMR Infrastructure (up 1.97%), Reliance Power (up 1.77%), JSW Energy (up 0.94%), CESC (up 0.82%) and Adani Power (up 0.7%), edged higher. Tata Power (down 0.31%), NTPC (down 0.32%) and Torrent Power (down 1.29%), edged lower. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 1.61%. State-run Coal India was up 0.85%. Repco Home Finance rose 3.79% after net profit rose 20% to Rs 50.60 crore on 14% growth in income from operations to Rs 273.50 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. Net interest income rose 20% to Rs 102.90 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. Net interest margin expanded to 4.7% in Q4 March 2017, from 4.6% in Q4 March 2016. Spread expanded to 3.4% in Q4 March 2017, from 3% in Q4 March 2016. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 25 May 2017. Overseas, Asian shares were mixed as a slump in crude prices spoiled global risk appetite. In the global commodities markets, Brent crude oil futures fell overnight as the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) extended the production cut, but was silent on a long term plan. Brent for July 2017 settlement was down 26 cents at $51.20 a barrel. The contract fell $2.50 a barrel or 4.63% to settle at $51.46 a barrel in the previous trading session. Opec decided yesterday, 25 May 2017, in Austria to extend cuts in oil output by nine months to March 2018, delegates said, as the producer group battles a global glut of crude after seeing prices halve and revenues drop sharply in the past three years. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Shares continue upward momentum Buying continued unabated as key benchmark indices extended gains and hit fresh intraday high in early afternoon trade. At 12:17 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 219.17 points or 0.71% at 30,969.20. The Nifty 50 index was up 60.05 points, or 0.63%, at 9,569.80. The Sensex and the Nifty, both, hit their record high levels in early afternoon trade. The Sensex rose 219.78 points, or 0.71% at the day's high of 30,969.81 in early afternoon trade, its record high level. The index fell 4.46 points, or 0.01% at the day's low of 30,745.57 in early trade. The Nifty rose 62.30 points, or 0.66% at the day's high of 9,572.05 in early afternoon trade, its record high level. The index fell 14.35 points, or 0.15% at the day's low of 9,495.40 in early trade. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was up 1.03%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 1.28%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The broad market depicted strength. There were more than two gainers against every loser on BSE. 1,688 shares rose and 710 shares fell. A total of 138 shares were unchanged. FMCG shares were mixed. Nestle India (up 2.52%), Tata Global Beverages (up 1.50%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 1.19%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 1.12%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.95%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.76%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.60%) and Bajaj Corp (up 0.08%), edged higher. Dabur India (down 0.09%), Britannia Industries (down 0.22%), Marico (down 0.22%) and Hindustan Unilever (down 0.42%), edged lower. Most power generation stocks rose. Jaiprakash Power Ventures (up 4.72%), NHPC (up 2.39%), Reliance Infrastructure (up 2.37%), GMR Infrastructure (up 1.97%), Reliance Power (up 1.77%), JSW Energy (up 0.94%), CESC (up 0.82%) and Adani Power (up 0.7%), edged higher. Tata Power (down 0.31%), NTPC (down 0.32%) and Torrent Power (down 1.29%), edged lower. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 1.61%. State-run Coal India was up 0.85%. Repco Home Finance rose 3.79% after net profit rose 20% to Rs 50.60 crore on 14% growth in income from operations to Rs 273.50 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. Net interest income rose 20% to Rs 102.90 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. Net interest margin expanded to 4.7% in Q4 March 2017, from 4.6% in Q4 March 2016. Spread expanded to 3.4% in Q4 March 2017, from 3% in Q4 March 2016. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 25 May 2017. Overseas, Asian shares were mixed as a slump in crude prices spoiled global risk appetite. In the global commodities markets, Brent crude oil futures fell overnight as the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) extended the production cut, but was silent on a long term plan. Brent for July 2017 settlement was down 26 cents at $51.20 a barrel. The contract fell $2.50 a barrel or 4.63% to settle at $51.46 a barrel in the previous trading session. Opec decided yesterday, 25 May 2017, in Austria to extend cuts in oil output by nine months to March 2018, delegates said, as the producer group battles a global glut of crude after seeing prices halve and revenues drop sharply in the past three years. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Marketing Media Money Is advertising over? What chief marketers are saying about the future of marketing Lucy Handley Friday, 26 May 2017 | 3:30 AM ET SHARES The means to advertise products to people have never been more prevalent. More than half the world's population has a smartphone, and Facebook alone has more than a billion daily mobile active users. It reported an 18 percent increase in daily users between February 2016 and February 2017 and more social media eyeballs means more ads: eMarketer predicts that brands will spend a staggering $34 billion on Facebook this year alone. But as businesses spend ever more money on advertising – nearly $500 billion in 2016 globally according to MAGNA – there are clear signs of nervousness among big business and a recognition that ads can be super annoying. YouTube, for example, will pull its 30-second non-skippable ad format next year, because it wants to provide "a better ads experience for users online," according a statement emailed to CNBC. In April, Procter and Gamble, one of the world's largest advertisers, blasted the ad industry for overwhelming consumers with advertising. "There's too much crap," said P&G's chief brand officer Marc Pritchard, in a speech to the American Association of Advertising Agencies, in a transcript seen by CNBC. Paul Morigi | Getty Images Procter & Gamble's Marc Pritchard speaking at the Olympic Pride event in Washington, DC, in September 2016 "We bombard consumers with thousands of ads a day, subject them to endless load times, interrupt them with pop-ups and overpopulate their screens and feeds," he said. Pritchard called for advertisers and agencies to work together to make better content, and said that P&G will be "focusing on fewer and better ideas that last longer." Is advertising over? Earlier this month, Forrester research published a stinging report: "The end of advertising as we know it." "The end of advertising is coming because interruptions are coming to an end," wrote co-author James McQuivey in a blog post. "It's the casual indifference to advertiser interests… that will enable consumers to finally inhabit a world free of advertising. That casual indifference is only possible because people will spend less and less of their time doing interruptible things on interruption-friendly devices," McQuivey wrote. Digital assistants, he suggested, will replace Google search, and bots will be able to "scrape" and present people's Facebook feeds back to them, removing the stuff they don't care about, including advertising. Forrester's research suggests that 38 percent of U.S. adults who use the internet have installed an ad blocker, and 50 percent claim to actively avoid ads on websites. And while the marketing industry has recently been justifiably occupied with preventing their ads from appearing next to videos promoting hate and other extreme content on YouTube, ad blocking remains a massive issue, said Keith Weed, chief marketing officer at Unilever. Shutterstock | Advertising Week Europe Keith Weed, Unilever's chief marketing officer, speaking at Advertising Week Europe in London on 20 March 2017 "Ad blocking is a hugely hot topic… There has always been ad blocking. Ad blocking was the 30-second TV ad coming on air and you got up to make a cup of tea. That was real physical ad avoidance and what did we try and do to stop that happening is to create more engaging advertising. "There is a huge fragmentation and clutter out there in advertising absolutely, and so people have more choice and I totally agree [that] this idea of the attention economy, of course people have choice, they can switch around more, and hence if we as advertisers don't show great advertising, people switch around more," he told CNBC during the Advertising Week Europe conference in London in March. People are continuing to download ad blocking software: there were 615 million devices blocking ads globally in December 2016, an increase of 142 million on the previous year, according to a February 2017 PageFair report. "We have a ton of Millennials and they are not going on TV, so it's about how do you find them in ways that's not so interruptive and annoying?" Meredith Jurek, Self Esteem Brands For Sanjay Nazerali, global chief strategy officer at media agency Carat, ad blocking is a welcome wake-up call. "I have to say I am really excited by ad blocking, which is incredibly controversial in our industry… If it is forcing brands to speak with greater meaning, with greater relevance and greater value ultimately to consumers, bring it on," he told CNBC by phone. "We have languished for much too long, and the ability to throw messages out there that we assume that people are just going to watch, without any sense of the value that we are offering people. And guess what, they are saying they don't want it anymore," he added. Influencer marketing Ad blocking means marketers are looking to be more creative about how they reach consumers, and one way they're doing this is by using "influencers," or people who have a lot of followers on social media, to communicate. Nearly half (48 percent) of advertisers said they planned to increase their spending on influencers, according to a poll by agency Linqia of 170 U.S. marketers in December 2016. However, ad spend on Instagram is increasing. It said in March that it had 1 million advertisers, an increase of 400 percent year over year, while 100 million members joined in the six months to December 2016. But not everyone is convinced that an ad-funded model is the way to go on social media. Billionaire businessman Ayman Hariri founded social network Vero with the aim of reaching a more grown-up audience, but without advertising. Vero Social network Vero "We felt that by excluding ads out of our business model …allows us to look at our users as our customers, rather than advertisers," he told CNBC by phone. And instead of pure advertising, Nazerali at Carat suggested that branded content – ads that are more like editorial – will come to the fore, as long as marketers can get them right. "That again brings all of its own challenges. You can make something because you have a brand objective in mind and not the audience's delight in mind," he said. Being an entertaining brand Meredith Jurek, chief marketing officer at Self Esteem Brands, which owns the Anytime Fitness and Waxing the City chains, agreed that brands are looking for ways to entertain people in their communication. "We have a ton of Millennials and they are not going on TV, so it's about how do you find them in ways that's not so interruptive and annoying, but entertaining, and to insert your brand into that conversation, or do you go a step further and provoke a conversation?" she told CNBC by phone. Waxing the City Waxing the City worked with website Scary Mommy on branded content While Anytime Fitness is an established franchise with around 3,300 outlets globally, beauty chain Waxing the City is a growing brand with about 70 sites in the U.S. Jurek wanted to find new ways of advertising its services, including intimate bikini waxes. So it partnered with parenting website Scary Mommy to sponsor a video featuring comedy character "Madge the Vadge," who interviews women about hair removal. While Jurek had some say in how the Waxing the City brand was incorporated into the video, the approach was to present a funny and informative look at waxing. "When you partner with a third party to provoke that conversation on your behalf, it takes some risk off our part, but it also makes it more authentic, and I just fell in love with the character and her authenticity," Jurek said. The video had more than one million views, and Waxing the City's website saw a 50 percent uplift in traffic over two weeks in February. Advertisers will have to move towards a model of openness, according to Nazerali at Carat. With brands keen to make sure their ads don't appear near fake news, we'll start to see them open up in ways that go beyond advertising, he said. "That's why tech is such a wonderful thing, the ability to click on a webcam at any time, and actually, be able to walk around a [brand's] factory through your webcam which I think is a very powerful thing to do. "I don't see why more of them are not deploying that kind of tech to say 'look we are so open that actually any journalist can just go straight into stores, straight into our stockroom, straight into our factories and see for themselves.'" Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Lucy HandleyWriter, CNBC.com
Scroll.in - Scroll.in Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Home Video The Latest The Reel The Field Magazine Pulse In Pictures Bookshop Trending Behind the suicide of an IIT scholar in Delhi, a struggle between new ambitions and old restraints Chennai is heavily dependent on packaged water – what happens when the supply stops? Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) This Russian joke helps explain the persistent government euphoria on the economic front MK Stalin says there will be ‘war of independence’ if Centre continues eroding states’ rights Infosys wants you to know there’s only one way to keep your job in tech The Trump gag rule hits India: Organisations asked to declare they do not provide abortion services Media watch: The Marathi press skirted around Irish Prime Minister-elect Leo Varadkar’s gay identity Champions Trophy: India begin campaign in style with 124-run thrashing of Pakistan Zee Media will not cover India-Pakistan cricket match ‘in support of armed forces’: Subhash Chandra ‘Pakistan looked like they never had a plan’: Twitter analyses India’s clinical 124-run victory When Sivagami wanted to destroy Mahishmathi: The ‘Baahubali’ character gets a back story Sections Opinion Politics Culture India World Film and TV Music Books and Ideas Business and Economy Science and Technology Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Looking Back ‘We’re in an even deeper malaise’: Many of Modi’s right-wing liberal supporters are now disappointed It is clear now that the Hindutva right controls the BJP. by  Shoaib Daniyal Published May 26, 2017 · 06:30 am Adarsh Gupta/HT  photo May 26, 2017 · 06:30 am Shoaib Daniyal Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Share Tweet Email Reddit Print As chief minister of Gujarat, Narendra Modi was a highly polarising figure. Due to the 2002 anti-Muslim riots that took place on his watch, Modi was anathema to leftists, liberals and even to a section on the right. After the riots, Atal Bihari Vajpayee, the Bharatiya Janata Party prime minister at that time, himself wanted Modi sacked as chief minister. Yet, as the general election of 2014 approached, Modi’s base expanded. As the prime ministerial candidate, Modi ran a powerful campaign that focused on economic growth, limited government and liberalisation. The communal polarisation that had kept him in power in Gujarat was rarely addressed. Coming after the moribund United Progressive Alliance-II government, Modi presented an attractive economic pitch to many right-wing liberals. The utilitarian approach The mood of many right-wing liberals was captured by a much-discussed Gurcharan Das piece that was published in April, 2014, a few weeks before the election results were due. In his piece, Das, former CEO of Procter & Gamble, India, and an author and columnist, juxtaposed Modi’s communalism versus his promise of reform thus: “There is a clear risk in voting for Modi — he is polarising, sectarian and authoritarian. There is a greater risk, however, in not voting for him. It is to not create jobs for 8-10 million youth that enter the market each year…There will always be a trade-off in values at the ballot box and those who place secularism above demographic dividend are wrong and elitist.” As a thesis, this was utilitarian in the extreme. Das was not absolving Modi of the communal stain. He was simply saying it was outweighed by the benefits Modi would bring as an economic reformer. Three years down the line, how well has this bargain worked? One end of the bargain Novelist and political commentator Aatish Taseer said that his initial assessment of Modi was off the mark. “In 2014, I expected a mixture of economic vitality and chauvinism with Modi, but I was wrong,” said Taseer. “What India got was only chauvinism – and now we’re in an even deeper malaise”. Taseer’s point is backed by data. In 2014, Das was clear that job creation was a moral imperative that outweighed ideals such as secularism. However, this argument is under severe strain three years later, given that job creation has ground to a halt under the Modi administration. India’s unemployment rate has actually increased since the Bharatiya Janata Party-led government took office. The number of jobs added by the Modi government in its three years in office is just 50% of the jobs added by the previous Manmohan Singh government in its final three years. Even as the Modi government is unable to live up to its promise on increasing employment, it has also slipped on its promise of small government. In 2014, Modi ran for prime minister with the slogan “maximum governance, minimum government” – a thrilling prospect for India’s economic liberals, given how rare the concept is in India. Yet, as right-wing commentator Rupa Subramanya pointed out in a piece last month, the Modi-led Union government is “starting to slip back into the old command and control mode and away from the promise of good governance”. Earlier this week, clashes erupted between Dalits and Thakurs in Saharanpur, UP. (Photo credit: PTI). Religious identity politics Even as the vast majority of India’s population stagnates economically, religious identity has emerged as the main axis of Indian politics. For the past three years, politics around the cow has taken centre stage, with vigilante groups attacking Muslims and Dalits across the country on the suspicion of cattle smuggling and slaughter. Political columnist Tavleen Singh supported Modi in 2014. Yet, on May 7, Singh wrote, “It is hard to understand why a Prime Minister so passionate about making India a modern, digital, prosperous country has seemingly not noticed that hunting and killing Muslims on the pretext of cows and love jihad does not sit well with modernity.” Speaking to Scroll.in, Singh said, “I think I misjudged him. I thought he was a liberaliser.” In Swarajya, a magazine that describes itself as “a big tent for liberal right of centre discourse”, senior journalist Seetha argued that right-wing liberals are “disappointed at his [Modi’s] inability to get the BJP-ruled state governments to rein in the hardline/fringe elements and vigilante groups”. Seetha specifically called out the appointment of the far right Adityanath as the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh in March to buttress her point. Hobson’s choice Gurcharan Das, though, is still sticking to his 2014 analysis. “Jobs are plummeting all over the world,” argued Das, defending Modi’s poor job-creation record. “This is due to automation. I am not sure what other policies could have been pursued to make it better.” Das is also sanguine about the BJP’s record on law and order. “Yes, there have been stray events such as gau rakshak attacks,” he said. “There has been no sort of state-planned murder or anything.” Das is disappointed with the fact that Modi has been unable to raise India’s ease of doing business ranking but said, overall, he would still support the BJP were he given a chance to turn back the clock to 2014. “There is nobody else,” explained Das. The TINA or “there is no alternative” argument, however, is something that punctuates most critiques of Modi from his right-wing liberal supporters. “Modi and the BJP is still the best option,” said Tavleen Singh. “Compare him with Nitish [Kumar], Lalu [Yadav] or Rahul Gandhi. That is why he wins; because the voter can see he is the best option.” Liberal irrelevance In the end, the fact that Modi can coolly ignore his right-wing liberal supporters and still end up being backed by them might serve to illustrate how increasingly irrelevant India’s tiny liberal elite – both right and left – are becoming to the political discourse. Maybe nothing captures this better than the Union government’s demonetisation of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 banknotes late last year. The move went against every liberal principle of limited government and had few economic benefits. Sadanand Dhume, a Wall Street Journal columnist and a prominent supporter of Modi during the 2014 elections called the move a “debacle”. Yet, Modi simply brushed aside this criticism and converted what was an economic disaster into a political windfall. Months after demonetisation was announced, the BJP won a landslide victory in India’s most populous state, Uttar Pradesh. If 2014 saw a provisional alliance between right-wing liberals and Hindutva groups, three years since, it is clear that right-wing liberals are getting increasingly marginalised. For the last two years of the Modi adminstration’s term, it seems the Hindutva right will call the shots within the BJP. We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in. Narendra Modi right-wing liberals Modi at three Print Trending Behind the suicide of an IIT scholar in Delhi, a struggle between new ambitions and old restraints Chennai is heavily dependent on packaged water – what happens when the supply stops? Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) This Russian joke helps explain the persistent government euphoria on the economic front MK Stalin says there will be ‘war of independence’ if Centre continues eroding states’ rights
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Develop business strategies Of EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Textile Reactive Softeners Market Latest industry research report on: EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Textile Reactive Softeners Market : Industry Size, Share, Research, Reviews, Analysis, Strategies, Demand, Growth, Segmentation, Parameters, Forecasts Request For Sample Report @ www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/1105433 Geographically, this report split EMEA into Europe, the Middle East and Africa, With sales (K MT), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Textile Reactive Softeners for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux; Middle East: Saudi Arabia, Israel, UAE and Iran; Africa: South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt and Algeria. EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Textile Reactive Softeners sales volume (K MT), price (USD/MT), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Procter & Gamble Colgate-Palmolive Company Hindustan Unilever Limited Henkel AG & Co. KGaA Reckitt Benckiser Group plc Wacker Chemie Momentive Church & Dwight Co., Inc Lion Corporation Complete Report Details @www.marketresearchreports.biz/analysis/1105433 On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K MT), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/MT), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Cationic Softeners Anionic Softeners Non-ionic Softeners On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume (K MT), market share and growth rate of Textile Reactive Softeners for each application, including Polyester Fabrics Cotton Fabrics Woolen Fabrics Table of Contents EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Textile Reactive Softeners Market Report 2017 1 Textile Reactive Softeners Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Textile Reactive Softeners 1.2 Classification of Textile Reactive Softeners 1.2.1 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Cationic Softeners 1.2.4 Anionic Softeners 1.2.5 Non-ionic Softeners 1.3 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022 1.3.2 Polyester Fabrics 1.3.3 Cotton Fabrics 1.3.4 Woolen Fabrics 2 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners Competition by Manufacturers/Players/Suppliers, Region, Type and Application 2.1 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 2.1.1 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Volume and Market Share of Major Players (2012-2017) 2.1.2 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue and Share by Players (2012-2017) 2.1.3 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners Sale Price by Players (2012-2017) 2.2 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners (Volume and Value) by Type/Product Category 2.2.1 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.3 EMEA Textile Reactive Softeners Sale Price by Type (2012-2017) About us MarketResearchReports.biz is the most comprehensive collection of market research reports. MarketResearchReports.Biz services are specially designed to save time and money for our clients. We are a one stop solution for all your research needs, our main offerings are syndicated research reports, custom research, subscription access and consulting services. We serve all sizes and types of companies spanning across various industries. Contact Us State Tower 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Website: www.marketresearchreports.biz/ Email: sales@marketresearchreports.biz This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Banks Group Limited (In Receivership) Next PostNext RBNZ approves Wolfstrike’s purchase of lender FE investments Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Andhra CM looks to cap cement prices Buy Sadbhav Engineering, target Rs 360 : HDFC Securities Buy MOIL Ltd. target Rs 445 : HDFC Securities Buy Cox & Kings, target Rs 275 : ICICI Direct A less hawkish tone from RBI may unleash some animal spirits on street 9,581-9,520 to provide immediate support to Nifty in case of decline Americans are ho-hum on Japan's stock rally In long term, one could expect markets to give 12-15% return: Sanjay Shah, Morgan Stanley Will focus on airport business, raise funds through divestment: Madhu Terdal, GMR Infrastructure Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminiumAluminium MiniNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 09:23 AM | 05 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,231-42.17 NIFTY 50 9,650-3.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,905253.0 USD/INR 64.32-0.15 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments FMCG companies on a roll, investors must still track these factors By Kiran Kabtta Somvanshi , ET Bureau| Updated: May 26, 2017, 09.13 AM IST READ MORE ON » ZandustocksSharesJyothy LaboratoriesITCHULGodrej Consumer Products They can make or break FMCG’s ongoing rally on stock exchanges. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Zandu x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Jyothy Laboratories x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ ITC x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ HUL x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Godrej Consumer Prod... x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Dabur x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Colgate x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Britannia Industries x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Britannia x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ HULGodrej Consumer ProductsDaburColgateBritannia IndustriesBritannia EXPAND TO VIEW ALL The stocks of six leading fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies have hit record highs in the past couple of weeks riding on good fourth quarter performances or on expectations that GST would bring them massive windfalls. HUL, ITC, Britannia Industries, Marico, Godrej Consumer Products (GCPL) and P&G Hygiene and Healthcare have all recorded highs in this month. Markets are largely bullish on consumer stocks underpinned by a demand pick-up in the offing due to GST, especially in rural India on the back of a normal monsoon forecast. However, there are four factors that have the potential to make or mar the companies’ performance going ahead. SMOOTH TRANSITION TO A GST REGIME The Goods and Services Tax (GST) is likely to ring in short-term disruption for the industry — the impact could be different for different companies. The June quarter performance will show the exact impact of the transition. HUL, for example, expects inventory pipeline correction of 100 to 250 bps in the current quarter ahead of the GST roll-out. “While there will be disruption for around a month as the channel gets replenished with new inventory, improved efficiency in terms of logistics should add around 2% to the operating margin of FMCG companies this year,” said Ulhas Kamath, joint managing director of Jyothy Laboratories. In the medium term, companies could benefit in product segments like tea and staple foods that have large unorganised players competing. “We are operationally ready for GST,” said Godrej Consumer Products in the company’s earnings call. “While there could be some temporary volatility in the channels around the GST implementation date as the trade adjusts to the new tax structure, we are confident that end-consumer demand will remain intact.” COMPETITION FROM PATANJALI Patanjali, the gatecrasher into the league of large FMCG companies, continues to be a threat for its older peers. Colgate Palmolive’s market share in toothpaste declined in the fiscal 2017. In the March quarter, HUL’s oral care business was subdued. Some companies have also relaunched products — to better take on Patanjali or to cash in on renewed consumer preference for natural products. HUL re-launched CloseUp toothpaste, Jyothy Laboratories did the same with Margo soap and Emami has proposed a re-launch of its Zandu brand of products. “I think some of the damage caused by Patanjali, particularly in honey, is now over and we are beginning to now regain some of the lost share,”said Sunil Duggal, CEO of Dabur, in the company’s latest earnings call. “I think market growth has absorbed a fair amount of Patanjali’s growth, a year ago Patanjali was really eating into shares of the existing players. I think the worst is behind us,” he added. VOLUMES Vs. MARGINS When volume growth shrank from double-digits, FMCG companies like HUL, Marico, GCPL, Dabur and Britannia focussed on margins. With forecast of normal monsoon, companies may be prompted to push rural demand while choosing to forgo some of the high level margins. How well the companies attain the volume-margin balance would determine their valuation on the Street. For instance, in the March quarter, FMCG bellwether HUL managed to strike the right balance — leading to the Street turning more bullish about the company’s prospects. VOLATILITY IN INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS Except GCPL, international business has not been a very strong growth driver for Dabur, Marico and Emami, which acquired companies outside India a few years ago. While GCPL has had success in its international business, its largest business in Indonesia is facing growth issues now. For FMCG companies, economic slowdown in emerging markets, sharp currency devaluations in some countries and political instability in others have hindered growth. READ MORE ON » ZandustocksSharesJyothy LaboratoriesITCHULGodrej Consumer Products Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1FMCG companies on a roll, investors must still track these factors A less hawkish tone from RBI may unleash some animal spirits on street 9,581-9,520 to provide immediate support to Nifty in case of decline Americans are ho-hum on Japan's stock rally 'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Monday, 5 June 2017 Market outlook: Correction overdue, use any bounce to protect your profit Stocks that can give 20-40% returns from current levels Nifty could move up further, hints dollar index correlation Fifteen stocks in focus on Monday, 5 June 2017 What changed your market while you were sleeping need2know: Eight facts to know before starting your day on D-Street BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories New study says American families are overwhelmed by clutter, rarely eat together, and are generally stressed out about it all Baby boomers are downsizing — and the kids won’t take the family heirlooms In well-mannered public radio, an airwaves war Golden State Warriors have built something special from top down Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Coal country’s power plants are turning away from coal E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Luke Sharrett/New York Times/File 2014 Some of the power industry’s biggest customers have made a commitment to clean energy. And to help the companies meet it, utilities are changing their ways. By Diane Cardwell and Clifford Krauss New York Times  May 27, 2017 NEW YORK — Coal is on the defensive in the nation’s power industry. Even in coal country. The pressure to shift more of the country’s electric supply to renewable sources is not just a rallying cry for environmentalists. Some of the power industry’s biggest customers, such as General Motors and Microsoft, have made a commitment to clean energy. And to help them meet it — and keep them from taking their business elsewhere — utilities are changing their ways. Advertisement West Virginia, where coal is king, is no exception. Appalachian Power, the leading utility there, is quickly shifting toward natural gas and renewable sources such as wind and solar, even as President Trump calls for a coal renaissance. Appalachian Power still burns plenty of coal, but in recent years it has closed three coal-fired plants and converted two others to gas, reducing its dependence on coal to 61 percent last year, down from 74 percent in 2012. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Chris Beam, the company’s president, made the industry’s shifting dynamics clear in an encounter with Governor Jim Justice, a Democrat, at his inaugural ball in January. “’Look, I’d like to see you guys build another coal plant,’” he recalled the governor saying. “And our answer was: We’re not going to build another coal plant.” (The governor confirmed the account, but added in an e-mail, “I’ll continue to encourage power companies to burn more coal to put our miners back to work.”) It’s the same story in Virginia, where Dominion, a leading utility based in Richmond — near where commercial coal mining got its start — designed a special rate to make it easier for Amazon Web Services and similar customers to buy renewable energy. Advertisement In Kentucky, a chance meeting between a state regulator and a Facebook employee ultimately led the Public Service Commission to advise utilities that they could offer customers renewable energy packages, part of an effort to attract new business and hold on to automakers such as GM and Toyota. And in Wyoming, the nation’s leading coal producer by far, Black Hills Energy worked with Microsoft to create a complex arrangement for the technology giant to get enough wind energy to fulfill current and future needs at Microsoft’s data center in Cheyenne. “I’ve not spoken to a single utility that’s truly holding on to a future of more coal,” said Brian Janous, who directs energy strategy at Microsoft. “They’re looking to attract, as in the Appalachian case, new customers, and those customers aren’t attracted by coal.” Almost half the Fortune 500 companies have adopted at least one climate or clean-energy goal, with 23 of them pledging eventually to run their businesses on 100 percent renewable energy, including Walmart, Bank of America, and Google, according to a recent report by the World Wildlife Fund and other environmentally minded organizations and investors. Though corporations are buying renewable energy across the country, energy executives and analysts say it is notable that the trend is taking hold in states where coal production is part of the economic heart and soul. Coal executives say they are watching the effect of the renewable-power demands on the coal industry, but it is a matter of rising unease. “We’re concerned about it,” said Harry Childress, president of the Virginia Coal and Energy Alliance. “We see the pressure from these companies is pushing power producers more away from coal, which is a cheaper power.” Appalachian Power’s switch from coal was in part pushed as a result of a summit meeting that its parent company, American Electric Power, held at its headquarters last fall with corporate giants including Walmart, Facebook, Hilton, Procter & Gamble, and Marathon Petroleum. Those companies stressed that if they were going to expand their businesses in AEP regions, they would need access to low-carbon energy. American Electric Power organized a second meeting in Washington in May that included Amazon, Caesars Entertainment, DuPont, Marriott International, and Starbucks. With the goal of attracting big business to coal country, Beam is in the market to buy, lease, or build a fleet of wind and solar power farms across West Virginia and Virginia. The goal is to increase Appalachian Power’s renewable-energy fleet to 34 percent of its power capacity by 2031 from 17 percent today. An announcement for a new wind farm in southern West Virginia is expected within weeks, as discussions with big companies — which American Electric Power executives refused to identify — continue. “Specific customers are looking specifically for renewables and to what degree you are moving toward a new clean energy economy,” said Nicholas K. Akins, AEP’s chief executive. “Shareholders are more interested in sustainability going forward and improvements from a climate change perspective and carbon emissions perspective.” Akins said American Electric Power, which serves more than 5 million customers in 11 states, intended to respond to the demands of customers whatever policies were dictated in Washington. He added, “We are trying to make our company long-term sustainable regardless of administration.” Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Edc-vc * Sbdc * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... News By Place * Camarillo   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Mo Su Sa Fr Th We Tu 5 4 3 2 1 May 2017 31 30 Santa Barbara SBDC Expands Roster of Advisors Advisors bring expertise in business management, intellectual property, marketing and entrepreneurship     Bruce Hazuka-Erica Bristol-Raja Subramoni-Tony Alcock   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Edc-vc • Sbdc Industry: • Business Location: • Camarillo - California - USCAMARILLO, Calif. - May 26, 2017 - PRLog -- The Economic Development Collaborative-Ventura County has added four new consultants to their team of 30-plus advisors providing free one-on-one consulting to local businesses to help area companies strengthen and grow their bottom line. The new advisors include Bruce Hazuka, business management; Erica Bristol, legal/compliance and intellectual property; Raja Subramoni, marketing; and Tony Alcock, entrepreneurship. The advisor services are provided through EDC-VC's Small Business Development Center of Ventura and Santa Barbara Counties (SBDC). "With their business acumen and expertise in their individual fields, Bruce, Erica, Raja and Tony bring an even greater depth to our capacity for helping area businesses," said Ray Bowman, director of the SBDC of Ventura and Santa Barbara Counties. Hazuka has served as a president, COO and CEO for numerous public and private companies in the healthcare and medical products sector. His experience, which spans more than 40 years, includes startups as well as established companies where he has managed manufacturing, marketing, sales, finance, and product development. Bristol is an attorney and commercial mediator specializing in intellectual property, including copyright, trademark, trade secrets and patents. She also specializes in business contracts and transactions, and currently serves as a panel mediator for the United States District Court, Central District of California, mediating intellectual property disputes for the court. She is also a panel mediator for the Santa Barbara Superior Court and the California Association of REALTORS®' Buyer/Seller Mediation Program. Subramoni has been a marketing professional for over 20 years and has extensive experience in brand management, product marketing and customer insights and analytics. A graduate of Cornell University's Johnson Graduate School of Management, he has worked for several Fortune 500 companies including Procter & Gamble and Microsoft (Xbox) as well as T-Mobile, Sonos and REI. His specialties include technology, video games, telecommunications, B2C marketing, retail, and channel marketing. Alcock's extensive technology experience started with 17 years at IBM where he ran IBM's West Coast strategic planning operation. Following his tenure with Big Blue, he worked with several high-tech start-up companies before founding two of his own companies and co-founding a third. In 2006, he owned and ran "YHC Magazine," a high-end monthly health publication. He recently published his first book, Life at the End of a Rope, which is borne of his experiences living aboard boats of all shapes and sizes. The SBDC is funded by the SBA and provides professional business assistance at no cost to businesses. Participating businesses are required to follow a well-defined scope of work and report their economic successes. These SBA milestones are defined as job creation, increase in sales, capital investment, jobs retained and business started. To learn more about SBDC's advisors and services, contact Alondra Gaytan at alondra.gaytan@edcsbdc.org (https://mayersonmarketing-my.sharepoint.com/personal/mary...), or call 805-384-1800 or visit edc-vc.com. EDC-VC is a private, nonprofit organization that serves as a business-to-government liaison to assist businesses in Ventura County by offering programs that enhance the economic vitality of the region. For more information about the Small Business Development Center, loan programs, manufacturing outreach and international trade program, or other services available to small businesses through EDC-VC, contact Kelly Noble atkelly.noble@edc-vc.com or call 805-384-1800 ext. 21 or visit edc-vc.com. Contact Julie Hall ***@mayersonmarketing.com End Source : EDC-VC Email : ***@mayersonmarketing.com Tags : Edc-vc, Sbdc Industry : Business Location : Camarillo - California - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse EDC-VC PRs EDC-VC Welcomes New Executive Board Leadership EDC-VC Annual Meeting Focuses on Sustainable Water Solutions New Advisor to Help Launch Spanish-Language Program for Small Business Development Center EDC-VC Joins California Trade Delegation Trip to China EDC-VC Announces Board Expansion Top Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Top Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views Top Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Top Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views PTC News Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Wizard World Hall of Legends To Honor Comic Arts Legacy - 340 views Find Your Dream Home at Summit View in Residence 3845 - 267 views Lennar to Bring New Homes to High Point Later this Year - 243 views Lennar's Dalton Place Now Open for Tours - 230 views May 26, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Increasing Growth of Pharmaceutical and Health Care Sectors in Developing Countries Is Accelerating the Demand for Pharmaceutical Solvent Market Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/26/2017 — Increasing growth of pharmaceutical and health care sectors in developing countries is accelerating the demand for pharmaceutical solvent market. Considering this fact, Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has recently announced the addition of a new market report to its vast online repository with a title „Pharmaceutical Solvent Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016–2026″. This report on global pharmaceutical solvent market is a professional and in-depth analysis of its present market and its future potential. It focusses on offering detailed insights and painstaking research on the global pharmaceutical solvent market over a 10 year forecast period 2016 – 2026. Request for Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2921 The global pharmaceutical solvent market is anticipated to register a CAGR of 4.2% between 2016 and 2026. It is expected to reach a valuation of US$ 4.1 billion by the end of 2026. The report offers insights on the market dynamics that can influence the growth of the global pharmaceutical solvent market during the forecast period. Insights on key trends, drivers, restraints, risks and challenges for companies operating in the global pharmaceutical solvent market are provided in detail within the report. To understand and assess opportunities in the market, the report offers market forecast on the basis of region and chemical group. The report analyzes the global pharmaceutical solvent market in terms of market value and volume. Furthermore, the report covers the key factors driving the growth of the global pharmaceutical solvent market, unexploited opportunities for market players in this industry, developments shaping the dynamics of the global pharmaceutical solvent market and other insights across various major segments. Changing trends are also analyzed and incorporated in the study to provide exhaustive data about the market resulting in better decision making. Macroeconomic aspects that directly and indirectly impact the growth of the global pharmaceutical solvent market are also included in the report. In the final section of the report, a competitive landscape analysis is included to provide report audiences with a dashboard view. The report provides comprehensive market share analysis of the global pharmaceutical solvent market including detailed profiles of companies to evaluate strategies, key offerings and recent developments in the global market. Some of the key players profiled in the report are BASF SE, Exxon Mobil Corporation, Eastman Chemical Company, The Dow Chemical Company, Yip’s Chemical Holdings Limited, Procter & Gamble Chemicals, Alfa Aesar, Clariant AG, Merck KGaA and Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/pharmaceutical-solvents-market About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Follow Us on LinkedIn-https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Follow Us On Twitter-https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Soluble Dietary Fibers Market Worth 3.23 Billion USD by 2022 Next PostNext On-the-Go Breakfast Products Market Anticipated to Rise at a CAGR of 4.2% During the Forecast Period of 2016–2026 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News and Information for Recycling Professionals Subscribe Current Issue Recent Issues Customer Service Advertise News Recent Headlines Ferrous Nonferrous Plastics Paper Municipal Electronics Glass Tires Safety Legislation & Regulations Certification Equipment & Products Conferences & Events Personnel Industry Tools RMDAS Pricing Maps, Lists & Web Extras RT Buyers' guide Directories Classifieds Store Media All Video Editorial Video Sponsored Video 2016 Paper & Plastics Recycling Conference WasteExpo Show Dailies 2016 PPRC Video Show Dailies Magazine Current Issue Current Digital Edition Recent Issues Subscribe Advertise (Media Kit) Contact Recycling Today Media Group Publications Events Events Recycling Today Media Group Events Industry Events Subscribe Subscribe to our Magazine Subscribe to our Newsletter Nearly one-third of McDonald’s shareholders support proposal to phase out polystyrene packaging As You Sow encourages fast-foot chain to stop using EPS completely in its packaging. May 26, 2017 Recycling Today Staff Subscribe International Recycling News Plastics Thirty-one percent of McDonald’s Corp. shareholders supported a proposal from Oakland, California-based nonprofit organization As You Sow asking the company to phase out expanded polystyrene (EPS) foam packaging globally, according to vote results announced at McDonald's annual meeting May 24.  The vote exceeds the average voting result of 20 percent for social and environmental issue proposals. McDonald’s has phased out EPS foam beverage cups in the United States but continues to use them in international markets identified as having high levels of plastics deposition onto land and waterways, including Hong Kong and parts of the Philippines, according to As You Sow. The organization says EPS foam used for coffee cups, takeout containers and packing materials is recycled in low numbers, is often swept into waterways and is one of the top items found in ocean beach cleanups. “The company was concerned enough about the environmental impact of polystyrene 27 years ago to stop using clamshell EPS foam-based burger containers,” says Conrad MacKerron, As You Sow senior vice president. “It’s disconcerting that it did not follow through to fully remove polystyrene across its packaging system. This vote sends a signal to management that it’s time to finish the job.” McDonald’s phaseout of foam burger containers in 1990 which, along with other changes in packaging, saved the company an estimated $6 million per year, and in the decade following these actions, helped the company reduce restaurant waste by 30 percent, according to the Environmental Defense Fund. As You Sow says it was a catalyst for McDonald’s to phase out use of EPS cups in the U.S. in 2013. In April 2017, As You Sow withdrew a shareholder proposal with Target Corp. asking the company to phase out EPS foam packaging in its e-commerce operations after it agreed to work with its value chain and industry peers to discuss replacing EPS with less harmful alternatives, according to the organization. Fifteen major brands, including Coca-Cola Co., Danone, Dow Chemical Co., L’Oreal, Marks & Spencer, Mars, PepsiCo Inc., Procter & Gamble Co. and Unilever recommended replacement of EPS foam as a packaging material in a report released in January 2017 by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation. The International Agency for Research on Cancer has determined that styrene, used in the production of polystyrene, is a possible human carcinogen. EPS foam packaging materials break down into small indigestible pellets, which animals mistake for food, resulting in death to birds, fish and other marine animals, says As You Sow. Foam also may pose a higher risk to marine animals than other plastics; research indicates it can accumulate high concentrations of waterborne toxins in a short time frame, the organization says.  Nine countries and more than 100 U.S. cities or counties have banned or restricted EPS packaging.  Expanded polystyrene/EPS Packaging Related Study examines recycling availability Moore Recycling Associates changes ownership, name PepsiCo joins New Plastics Economy Initiative Most Shared Cleanaway opens Perth MRF Cohen starts up IT equipment recycling subsidiary BIR Tyres & Rubber Committee discusses crumb rubber's negative press Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Sponsors Editorial Video WasteExpo 2017 interview: Ben Harvey Most Popular Rubicon Global launches RubiconPro with Goodyear Tire discounts Cleanaway opens Perth MRF BIR 2017 Convention: Nonferrous mixed signals 20 Largest Ferrous Scrap Processors Cohen starts up IT equipment recycling subsidiary News and Information for Recycling Professionals Subscribe Advertise Contact Recycling Today Global Edition Construction & Demolition Recycling Waste Today Storage & Destruction Business © 2017 GIE Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report 2017 (2016-2022) – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market (2016-2022)” report to their offering. The North America market for personal care electrical appliances is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.6%. The forecast suggests that the sales of the products will remain steady and trends will be positive throughout the forecast period. The North America market has been segmented into hair care appliances, hair removal appliances, oral care appliances and other appliances (massagers and heating pads). The hair care appliances segment is a sizable market and should witness tremendous growth during the forecast period. The demand should remain positive due to the need for curling irons and other styling products, and also a growing need for style among newer generations. Hair removal appliances are also expected to witness a faster growth, especially due to growing demand for electric shavers and a shift from manual shavers to electrical shavers and trimmers. The report highlights the adoption of Personal Care Electrical Appliances in North America. Based on the Product, the North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market is segmented into Hair Care Appliances, Hair Removal Appliances, Oral Care Appliances and Others segment. Based on the Type, the Hair Care Appliances market is bifurcated into Hair Dryers, Hair Straighteners and Hair Stylers segment; the Hair Removal Appliances Market is segmented into Epilators, Shavers, Clippers and Trimmer segments; the Oral Care Appliances Market is segmented into Powered Toothbrush and Other oral care segments. Based on the gender, the Personal Care Electrical Appliances market is segmented into Male and Female segments. The countries included in the report are U.S., Canada, Mexico and Rest of North America. Key companies profiled in the report includes Remington Products, Conair Corporation, Groupe Seb, Colgate-Palmolive, The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G), Koninklijke Philips N.V., Panasonic Corporation, Helen of Troy L.P., Homedics Inc. and Lion Corporation. Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. North America Personal Care & Electrical Appliances Market – By Product 4. North America Personal Care and Electrical Appliances Market – By Gender 5. Country Level Analysis 6. Company Profiles – Remington Products – Conair Corporation – Groupe Seb – Colgate-Palmolive – The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) – Koninklijke Philips N.V. – Panasonic Corporation – Helen of Troy L.P. – Homedics Inc. – Lion Corporation For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/7cq7nz/north_america CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electric Propulsion System 2017 Global Market to reach $ 507.80 M USD with 25.04 % CAGR Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Sherwin-Williams Receives Regulatory Approval To Complete Its Acquisition Of Valspar Expected To Close On June 1, 2017 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Leadership Search Search VenezuelaThe Airline Standoff in Venezuela is Getting Worse as the Country’s Crisis Deepens aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps Diversity Marriott CEO: At a Time of Great Anxiety Around Diversity, We Need to Communicate Andrew Nusca May 26, 2017 From the time that Arne Sorenson was a mere attorney working with hotel giant Marriott International (he was a partner with the Washington, D.C. law firm Latham and Watkins), he knew that the company didn't talk about its talent the way others tended to. "The company was [long] saying, 'Alright, you may have started as a waiter in a root beer stand, but you can be a manager of a restaurant or you can be a manager of a brand or you can be a CFO of the company. Those are things that are available to you just like anybody else," Sorenson told Fortune senior editor Matt Heimer at the 2017 Great Place to Work conference in Chicago. "My first exposure to the Marriott board [of directors] was in 1992—before I got to the company, I was a lawyer—and the thing that struck me from the beginning was [that] the board would never talk about the pedigree of executives. It was never, 'Well, they went to Wharton, they went to HBS, they came from P&G, or whatever it is. It was, 'Oh they started as a security guard.' Or, 'They started as a waiter. And look at how their career evolved.' Those were the stories of pride in the board room. That legacy is important." More recently the company has been working to more overtly communicate to the LGBT—lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender—community at a time when there's "more anxiety" around diversity and inclusion that there used to be, Sorenson said. "Which makes the hearing of those words that much more important," he added. For more on this—as well as the impact of recent immigration policies—watch the video above. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report 2017 (2016-2022) - Research and Markets May 26, 2017 01:59 PM Eastern Daylight Time DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. The North America market for personal care electrical appliances is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.6%. The forecast suggests that the sales of the products will remain steady and trends will be positive throughout the forecast period. The North America market has been segmented into hair care appliances, hair removal appliances, oral care appliances and other appliances (massagers and heating pads). The hair care appliances segment is a sizable market and should witness tremendous growth during the forecast period. The demand should remain positive due to the need for curling irons and other styling products, and also a growing need for style among newer generations. Hair removal appliances are also expected to witness a faster growth, especially due to growing demand for electric shavers and a shift from manual shavers to electrical shavers and trimmers. The report highlights the adoption of Personal Care Electrical Appliances in North America. Based on the Product, the North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market is segmented into Hair Care Appliances, Hair Removal Appliances, Oral Care Appliances and Others segment. Based on the Type, the Hair Care Appliances market is bifurcated into Hair Dryers, Hair Straighteners and Hair Stylers segment; the Hair Removal Appliances Market is segmented into Epilators, Shavers, Clippers and Trimmer segments; the Oral Care Appliances Market is segmented into Powered Toothbrush and Other oral care segments. Based on the gender, the Personal Care Electrical Appliances market is segmented into Male and Female segments. The countries included in the report are U.S., Canada, Mexico and Rest of North America. Key companies profiled in the report includes Remington Products, Conair Corporation, Groupe Seb, Colgate-Palmolive, The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G), Koninklijke Philips N.V., Panasonic Corporation, Helen of Troy L.P., Homedics Inc. and Lion Corporation. Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. North America Personal Care & Electrical Appliances Market - By Product 4. North America Personal Care and Electrical Appliances Market - By Gender 5. Country Level Analysis 6. Company Profiles - Remington Products - Conair Corporation - Groupe Seb - Colgate-Palmolive - The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) - Koninklijke Philips N.V. - Panasonic Corporation - Helen of Troy L.P. - Homedics Inc. - Lion Corporation For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/7cq7nz/north_america Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Consumer Electronics Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Consumer Electronics Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business Innovation COMMENT May 26 2017 Save Print License article Ride an Uber, drive a Tesla - just don't invest in them Elizabeth Knight Contact via Email Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Business Day: Sign up for our newsletter  Hamish Douglass strutted his tech bona fides on stage this week with an attention-grabbing performance that drew headlines following his claim that "Uber was one of the stupidest businesses in history". Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:28 Beyond FANG: Magellan's favourite tech ... Beyond FANG: Magellan's favourite tech stocks Magellan boss Hamish Douglass shows it's not just venture capitalists who can take on tech stocks, and payment systems have caught his eye. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Australia's economic growth conundrum Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Australia's economic growth conundrum Australia's economic growth conundrum Recent retail and capex numbers have shown positive signs of growth but some forecasters are predicting that the March quarter's GDP figures will be heading in the opposite direction. (This video was produced in commercial partnership between Fairfax Media and IG Markets) Up Next The unknown recession Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 The unknown recession The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Up Next Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Play Video Don't Play Video duration 06:47 Video duration 06:47 Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Virgin Group founder Richard Branson urges the importance of countries working together to tackle climate change. Up Next Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower Play Video Don't Play Video duration 05:31 Video duration 05:31 Wall Street signals bond yields to remain ... Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower The Australian dollar was around US50 cents the last time the yield advantage was this small. Up Next Scaremongering season Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:15 Video duration 02:15 Scaremongering season Scaremongering season The old rule applies: if an economist makes a dire prediction of doom and gloom, he or she gets plenty of media attention. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next What to expect from retail sales Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:18 Video duration 02:18 What to expect from retail sales What to expect from retail sales AMP Chief Economist Shane Oliver predicts the risk of another RBA rate cut this year. More videos Beyond FANG: Magellan's favourite tech stocks Magellan boss Hamish Douglass shows it's not just venture capitalists who can take on tech stocks, and payment systems have caught his eye. His other prediction: "The probability of Tesla surviving in the long term [is] actually pretty low as well." Such claims could be construed as coming from a technology disruption denier. Anything but. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Magellan CEO Hamish Douglass is a disruption disciple. Photo: Jessica Hromas Douglass, who co-founded global share fund Magellan, is a disruption disciple, having moved away from a devotion to a range of international consumer companies that he now sees as dinosaurs. He is not alone. There are other investment managers, some of whom hitched themselves to the technology investment train years ago and have ridden the rise in the likes of Google, Facebook and Amazon. Advertisement Douglass grew Magellan by investing in leading global stocks - some of which he now considers are becoming victims of technology - the likes of Procter & Gamble and US retailer Target. But standing before a conference this week and declaring Uber is likely to be broke in 10 years, Douglass is marketing his firm's credentials as one that has evolved. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Douglass claims Uber is "one of the stupidest businesses in history". Photo: AP The message he is actually trying to convey is two-fold. First, that investors shouldn't be swayed by big or familiar tech brands such as Uber and Tesla. Rather, look under the hood at the business model because some just don't stack up. All tech is not good tech. And just because they are big today doesn't mean they are safe investments. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Amazon's Jeff Bezos believes we are five to 10 years away from computers being able to understand everything that's written in Wikipedia, not just translate it, Douglass says. Photo: Bloomberg Tesla, despite producing only a small number of cars, is worth more than Ford, and Uber is now valued at $US68 billion ($91.6 billion), having raised billions from investors in what Douglass likens to a Ponzi scheme. Tesla and Uber currently operate business models that are based on driving cars when Douglass sees driverless cars as the future of consumer transport. He believes Google is ahead in the race for autonomous vehicles. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Tesla, despite producing only a small number of cars, is worth more than Ford. Photo: Tesla The other plank in his investment thesis is to beware of companies that are currently churning out big profits but will become victims of technological disruption down the track. Staying with this metaphor, he thinks that when driving your investment portfolio, you must be looking into the distance and not in the rear-view mirror. Say five or even 20 years down the track. We know that the companies that dominate the US market today - such as Amazon and Google - were relative minnows 10 years ago. The trick to investing in new-economy companies is predicting winners in the midst of a technology-based revolution in which the rate of change is exponential and disrupters can become disrupted. By way of example, Microsoft demonstrated last year it could translate the whole of Wikipedia from English to another language on its Azure platform in a 10th of a second. "We are entering a period in history over the next 10 to 20 years where there are going to be fundamental challenges and disruptions to many business models in the world," Douglass says. "And [while] people have been saying that is not delivering any productivity gains, I would argue strongly that's because we are sitting between two industrial periods in history." The previous revolutions was about industrialisation and globalisation and the one we are seeing today is the digital revolution, he says. The industrial revolution and later globalisation led to massive productivity gains, which have now been well and truly harvested. The new era of disruption will be just as momentous. We have already seen early signs in industries like media and music, but Douglass argues this is but a small taste of what is to come. "We would argue if we look 10 to 15 years out, we are going to have disruption of scale similar to what we saw in [the] industrial and globalisation revolutions." "If you go to human knowledge, it has never really been automated but we are within five to 10 years away from software programs written to truly automate human knowledge and what is missing is computer understanding of natural language." Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and Amazon's Jeff Bezos believe we are five to 10 years away from computers being able to understand everything that's written in Wikipedia, not just translate it, he says. It would be a massive breakthrough in artificial intelligence. "Once that happens, the big revolution will be able to attack service and knowledge-based industries at scale ... we can add manufacturing like 3D printing which could completely change the paradigm of manufacturing and where goods get manufactured in the world." So what about the Amazon effect? We are already seeing the value of retailers across the globe being re-rated down on the back of the impact of Amazon. Douglass says that even a company like Procter & Gamble, with one of the most formidable line-ups of consumer brands on the planet -Gillette, Pampers, Tide - which has historically traded at a long-term multiple of 20 times earnings, will be, in the the future, subject to mass disruption by Amazon. "They [P&G] have been so powerful because their business model has been supported by traditional advertising, which has largely been television," Douglass says. And the world's largest advertiser works in partnership with the big retailers like (US) Woolworths and Tesco. So what traditional companies are safe from the technology onslaught? Try Coca-Cola, McDonald's and even Starbucks and Nike, he says. People still eat, drink and exercise. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Aussies Are Warming To The Use Of Bots ... Contains: External link Most Popular RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate When profits eat wages we all pay the price Clock ticking for big builders as blacklist looms Optus admits slashing prepaid data without telling 45,000 customers Sydney, Melbourne home price falls pause Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate When profits eat wages we all pay the price Clock ticking for big builders as blacklist looms Sydney, Melbourne home price falls pause The Age Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Margaret Court the guest speaker at Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne Knife-wielding terrorists kill seven in bloody rampage US cities, states and companies commit to Paris Accord The Sydney Morning Herald London attack: What we know so far John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck Brisbane Times Woman's leg degloved in horror yacht accident The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see 'Non-viable' twins cling to life amid anger at hospital Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck Canberra Times Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Man arrested after double hit-and-run in Yarralumla Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work 'Betrayed': Couple's hopes dashed after forking out $10,000 We sent a plus-size mum to the Fashfest model casting WA Today Cheesed-off customer slams Perth restaurant's 'European nachos' Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Perth pizza robber said family was hungry Ben Cousins' ex says she committed him to psych ward John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
ADDING MULTIMEDIA Dawn® Dish Soap and Shedd Aquarium Crown the Next Generation of Wildlife Enthusiasts Memorial Junior High School Students Go Behind the Scenes with “Dawn Helps Save Wildlife” at Shedd Aquarium Students from Memorial Junior High School enjoy Shedd Aquarium's Wild Reef exhibit as winners of Dawn and Shedd's NextGen Animal Responders program on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Students from Memorial Junior High School enjoy Shedd Aquarium's Wild Reef exhibit as winners of Dawn and Shedd's NextGen Animal Responders program on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Shedd Aquarium aquarist John Oberlies, left, and John Rex Mitchell, Collection Manager, Animal Programs, center, show Stella, a rescue duck, to students from Memorial Junior High School at Shedd Aquarium on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. The behind-the-scenes experience was part of the grand prize for Dawn and Shedd's NextGen Animal Responders program. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Jodie Bradford, 12, right to left, Qayla McGahee, 12, and Ashlee Lynch watch an aquatic presentation in the Oceanarium as some of Dawn's NextGen Animal Responders contest winners at Shedd Aquarium on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Shedd Aquarium veterinary technician Bernadette Maciol, left, gives Dawn's NextGen Animal Responders contest winners from Memorial Junior High School a behind-the-scenes tour of the Animal Hospital at Shedd Aquarium on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Keanue Akbar, 12, a student at Memorial Junior High School, takes a photo at Shedd Aquarium as part of a special experience provided to her class as the winner of Dawn and Shedd's NextGen Animal Responders program on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Sabrina Bainbridge, Shedd Aquarium learning specialist, speaks to students from Memorial Junior High School as they experience a special day as grand prize winners of Dawn and Shedd's NextGen Animal Responders program at Shedd Aquarium on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 26, 2017 03:15 AM Eastern Daylight Time CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today students from Memorial Junior High School in Lansing, IL went behind the scenes at Shedd Aquarium to see animal care and recovery in action, as winners of Shedd and Dawn’s NextGen Animal Responders contest. The Chicago-area contest, which was part of a national in-classroom and web accessible STEM curriculum called NextGen Animal Responders launched in January, encouraged teachers and students to submit video entries to demonstrate their exemplary efforts in the appreciation of wildlife conservancy and answer simple questions about why preserving wildlife is important. As grand prize winners, the class from Memorial Junior High School received a special trip to Dawn’s wildlife partner Shedd Aquarium to learn more about animal care and conservation, including protecting and rehabilitating aquatic animals. “Shedd has been committed to working with response and rescue organizations globally for over 50 years and the urgency to protect animals and their environments is greater than ever,” said Bridget Coughlin, Shedd Aquarium president and CEO. “Dawn and Shedd both share a similar passion for wildlife conservation as well as a shared mission of educating and inspiring the world about the wellbeing of animals, habitat conservation, and the health of our oceans. We’re happy to see the students of Memorial Junior High School working together and we hope their curiosity and interest about the conservation and protection of wildlife continues throughout their lifetime.” Memorial Junior High’s winning video “Protect the Future of Wildlife” asks viewers to take small steps towards protecting wildlife such as cutting up plastic soda-rings before discarding, using reusable grocery bags and properly throwing away balloons so they don’t end up harming marine wildlife. During the field trip at Shedd, the winning students interacted with rescued animals and got an exclusive behind the scenes look at Shedd’s animal hospital, Microbiome Lab, Caribbean Reef exhibit and more. To see the winning video, click here. “These students are the perfect example of how the next generation of animal stewards can take a hands-on approach to helping preserve and protect wildlife,” said Mandy Ciccarella, Dawn Communications Manager. “Wildlife and environmental protection is vital and important to the Dawn brand and we are proud to be partners with Shedd Aquarium.” Dawn and Chicago’s Shedd Aquarium national in-classroom and web accessible STEM curriculum called NextGen Animal Responders is part of the larger Dawn Helps Save Wildlife commitment with an aim to connect teachers and students with a singular goal, educating the next generation about the importance of wildlife conservation. For more information on the complete rules and regulations about the contest, as well as downloading the full curriculum, teachers should visit www.sheddaquarium.org/NextGen. DAWN HELPS SAVE WILDLIFE Independent studies have proven Dawn Dish Soap to be the most effective dishwashing detergent for cleaning oiled animals, heralded because it removes tough grease while being gentle on animals’ delicate skin and feathers. As such, Dawn is the only dishwashing brand trusted by wildlife rescue experts for decades. Since 2006, Dawn has donated more than 100,000 bottles of dishwashing liquid and financial support to its wildlife partners, International Bird Rescue and The Marine Mammal Center. These donations have helped these organizations clean more than 75,000 marine animals in the United States. For more information about the Dawn family of products, visit www.dawn-dish.com. ABOUT PROCTER & GAMBLE P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. ABOUT SHEDD AQUARIUM For more than 50 years, Shedd Aquarium has worked with partners around the globe to help animals in need. The Next Generation Animal Responders are a way to reaffirm its commitment to helping conserve and protect wildlife. While caring for animals affected by human activity such as overfishing, habitat degradation, plastic pollution and rising ocean temperatures, the team seeks to increase public engagement and advocacy along with inspire new individuals to make a difference. To support Shedd Aquarium’s Next Generation Animal Response Team and their mission to rescue, rehabilitate, release and rehome animals in need, visit www.sheddaquarium.org/NextGen. You can also follow the conversation on social media via the hashtag, #AnimalResponders. Contacts Procter & Gamble Mandy Ciccarella, 513-983-6628 ciccarella.aj@pg.com or Shedd Aquarium Nicole Minadeo, 312-692-3365 nminadeo@sheddaquarium.org or Citizen Relations Chelsea Levy, 213-996-3808 chelsea.levy@citizenrelations.com Contacts Procter & Gamble Mandy Ciccarella, 513-983-6628 ciccarella.aj@pg.com or Shedd Aquarium Nicole Minadeo, 312-692-3365 nminadeo@sheddaquarium.org or Citizen Relations Chelsea Levy, 213-996-3808 chelsea.levy@citizenrelations.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
ADDING MULTIMEDIA Dawn® Dish Soap and Shedd Aquarium Crown the Next Generation of Wildlife Enthusiasts Memorial Junior High School Students Go Behind the Scenes with “Dawn Helps Save Wildlife” at Shedd Aquarium Students from Memorial Junior High School enjoy Shedd Aquarium's Wild Reef exhibit as winners of Dawn and Shedd's NextGen Animal Responders program on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Students from Memorial Junior High School enjoy Shedd Aquarium's Wild Reef exhibit as winners of Dawn and Shedd's NextGen Animal Responders program on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Shedd Aquarium aquarist John Oberlies, left, and John Rex Mitchell, Collection Manager, Animal Programs, center, show Stella, a rescue duck, to students from Memorial Junior High School at Shedd Aquarium on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. The behind-the-scenes experience was part of the grand prize for Dawn and Shedd's NextGen Animal Responders program. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Jodie Bradford, 12, right to left, Qayla McGahee, 12, and Ashlee Lynch watch an aquatic presentation in the Oceanarium as some of Dawn's NextGen Animal Responders contest winners at Shedd Aquarium on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Shedd Aquarium veterinary technician Bernadette Maciol, left, gives Dawn's NextGen Animal Responders contest winners from Memorial Junior High School a behind-the-scenes tour of the Animal Hospital at Shedd Aquarium on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Keanue Akbar, 12, a student at Memorial Junior High School, takes a photo at Shedd Aquarium as part of a special experience provided to her class as the winner of Dawn and Shedd's NextGen Animal Responders program on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Sabrina Bainbridge, Shedd Aquarium learning specialist, speaks to students from Memorial Junior High School as they experience a special day as grand prize winners of Dawn and Shedd's NextGen Animal Responders program at Shedd Aquarium on Thursday, May 25, 2017 in Chicago. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 26, 2017 03:15 AM Eastern Daylight Time CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today students from Memorial Junior High School in Lansing, IL went behind the scenes at Shedd Aquarium to see animal care and recovery in action, as winners of Shedd and Dawn’s NextGen Animal Responders contest. The Chicago-area contest, which was part of a national in-classroom and web accessible STEM curriculum called NextGen Animal Responders launched in January, encouraged teachers and students to submit video entries to demonstrate their exemplary efforts in the appreciation of wildlife conservancy and answer simple questions about why preserving wildlife is important. As grand prize winners, the class from Memorial Junior High School received a special trip to Dawn’s wildlife partner Shedd Aquarium to learn more about animal care and conservation, including protecting and rehabilitating aquatic animals. “Shedd has been committed to working with response and rescue organizations globally for over 50 years and the urgency to protect animals and their environments is greater than ever,” said Bridget Coughlin, Shedd Aquarium president and CEO. “Dawn and Shedd both share a similar passion for wildlife conservation as well as a shared mission of educating and inspiring the world about the wellbeing of animals, habitat conservation, and the health of our oceans. We’re happy to see the students of Memorial Junior High School working together and we hope their curiosity and interest about the conservation and protection of wildlife continues throughout their lifetime.” Memorial Junior High’s winning video “Protect the Future of Wildlife” asks viewers to take small steps towards protecting wildlife such as cutting up plastic soda-rings before discarding, using reusable grocery bags and properly throwing away balloons so they don’t end up harming marine wildlife. During the field trip at Shedd, the winning students interacted with rescued animals and got an exclusive behind the scenes look at Shedd’s animal hospital, Microbiome Lab, Caribbean Reef exhibit and more. To see the winning video, click here. “These students are the perfect example of how the next generation of animal stewards can take a hands-on approach to helping preserve and protect wildlife,” said Mandy Ciccarella, Dawn Communications Manager. “Wildlife and environmental protection is vital and important to the Dawn brand and we are proud to be partners with Shedd Aquarium.” Dawn and Chicago’s Shedd Aquarium national in-classroom and web accessible STEM curriculum called NextGen Animal Responders is part of the larger Dawn Helps Save Wildlife commitment with an aim to connect teachers and students with a singular goal, educating the next generation about the importance of wildlife conservation. For more information on the complete rules and regulations about the contest, as well as downloading the full curriculum, teachers should visit www.sheddaquarium.org/NextGen. DAWN HELPS SAVE WILDLIFE Independent studies have proven Dawn Dish Soap to be the most effective dishwashing detergent for cleaning oiled animals, heralded because it removes tough grease while being gentle on animals’ delicate skin and feathers. As such, Dawn is the only dishwashing brand trusted by wildlife rescue experts for decades. Since 2006, Dawn has donated more than 100,000 bottles of dishwashing liquid and financial support to its wildlife partners, International Bird Rescue and The Marine Mammal Center. These donations have helped these organizations clean more than 75,000 marine animals in the United States. For more information about the Dawn family of products, visit www.dawn-dish.com. ABOUT PROCTER & GAMBLE P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. ABOUT SHEDD AQUARIUM For more than 50 years, Shedd Aquarium has worked with partners around the globe to help animals in need. The Next Generation Animal Responders are a way to reaffirm its commitment to helping conserve and protect wildlife. While caring for animals affected by human activity such as overfishing, habitat degradation, plastic pollution and rising ocean temperatures, the team seeks to increase public engagement and advocacy along with inspire new individuals to make a difference. To support Shedd Aquarium’s Next Generation Animal Response Team and their mission to rescue, rehabilitate, release and rehome animals in need, visit www.sheddaquarium.org/NextGen. You can also follow the conversation on social media via the hashtag, #AnimalResponders. Contacts Procter & Gamble Mandy Ciccarella, 513-983-6628 ciccarella.aj@pg.com or Shedd Aquarium Nicole Minadeo, 312-692-3365 nminadeo@sheddaquarium.org or Citizen Relations Chelsea Levy, 213-996-3808 chelsea.levy@citizenrelations.com Contacts Procter & Gamble Mandy Ciccarella, 513-983-6628 ciccarella.aj@pg.com or Shedd Aquarium Nicole Minadeo, 312-692-3365 nminadeo@sheddaquarium.org or Citizen Relations Chelsea Levy, 213-996-3808 chelsea.levy@citizenrelations.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ADDING MULTIMEDIA Dawn® Dish Soap and Shedd Aquarium Crown the Next Generation of Wildlife Enthusiasts CHICAGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today students from Memorial Junior High School in Lansing, IL went behind the scenes at Shedd Aquarium to see animal care and recovery in action, as winners of Shedd and Dawn’s NextGen Animal Responders contest. The Chicago-area contest, which was part of a national in-classroom and web accessible STEM curriculum called NextGen Animal Responders launched in January, encouraged teachers and students to submit video entries to demonstrate their exemplary efforts in the appreciation of wildlife conservancy and answer simple questions about why preserving wildlife is important. As grand prize winners, the class from Memorial Junior High School received a special trip to Dawn’s wildlife partner Shedd Aquarium to learn more about animal care and conservation, including protecting and rehabilitating aquatic animals. “Shedd has been committed to working with response and rescue organizations globally for over 50 years and the urgency to protect animals and their environments is greater than ever,” said Bridget Coughlin, Shedd Aquarium president and CEO. “Dawn and Shedd both share a similar passion for wildlife conservation as well as a shared mission of educating and inspiring the world about the wellbeing of animals, habitat conservation, and the health of our oceans. We’re happy to see the students of Memorial Junior High School working together and we hope their curiosity and interest about the conservation and protection of wildlife continues throughout their lifetime.” Memorial Junior High’s winning video “Protect the Future of Wildlife” asks viewers to take small steps towards protecting wildlife such as cutting up plastic soda-rings before discarding, using reusable grocery bags and properly throwing away balloons so they don’t end up harming marine wildlife. During the field trip at Shedd, the winning students interacted with rescued animals and got an exclusive behind the scenes look at Shedd’s animal hospital, Microbiome Lab, Caribbean Reef exhibit and more. To see the winning video, click here. “These students are the perfect example of how the next generation of animal stewards can take a hands-on approach to helping preserve and protect wildlife,” said Mandy Ciccarella, Dawn Communications Manager. “Wildlife and environmental protection is vital and important to the Dawn brand and we are proud to be partners with Shedd Aquarium.” Dawn and Chicago’s Shedd Aquarium national in-classroom and web accessible STEM curriculum called NextGen Animal Responders is part of the larger Dawn Helps Save Wildlife commitment with an aim to connect teachers and students with a singular goal, educating the next generation about the importance of wildlife conservation. For more information on the complete rules and regulations about the contest, as well as downloading the full curriculum, teachers should visit www.sheddaquarium.org/NextGen. DAWN HELPS SAVE WILDLIFE Independent studies have proven Dawn Dish Soap to be the most effective dishwashing detergent for cleaning oiled animals, heralded because it removes tough grease while being gentle on animals’ delicate skin and feathers. As such, Dawn is the only dishwashing brand trusted by wildlife rescue experts for decades. Since 2006, Dawn has donated more than 100,000 bottles of dishwashing liquid and financial support to its wildlife partners, International Bird Rescue and The Marine Mammal Center. These donations have helped these organizations clean more than 75,000 marine animals in the United States. For more information about the Dawn family of products, visit www.dawn-dish.com. ABOUT PROCTER & GAMBLE P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. ABOUT SHEDD AQUARIUM For more than 50 years, Shedd Aquarium has worked with partners around the globe to help animals in need. The Next Generation Animal Responders are a way to reaffirm its commitment to helping conserve and protect wildlife. While caring for animals affected by human activity such as overfishing, habitat degradation, plastic pollution and rising ocean temperatures, the team seeks to increase public engagement and advocacy along with inspire new individuals to make a difference. To support Shedd Aquarium’s Next Generation Animal Response Team and their mission to rescue, rehabilitate, release and rehome animals in need, visit www.sheddaquarium.org/NextGen. You can also follow the conversation on social media via the hashtag, #AnimalResponders. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Applications for 2017 DeviceLab Biomedical Engineering Scholarship Now Being Accepted Next PostNext Global Network Analyzers Market 2017 Size, Research Trends, Sale Price Analysis Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release ADDING MULTIMEDIA Dawn® Dish Soap and Shedd Aquarium Crown the Next Generation of Wildlife Enthusiasts By Published: May 26, 2017 3:16 a.m. ET Share Memorial Junior High School Students Go Behind the Scenes with “Dawn Helps Save Wildlife” at Shedd Aquarium CHICAGO, May 26, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Today students from Memorial Junior High School in Lansing, IL went behind the scenes at Shedd Aquarium to see animal care and recovery in action, as winners of Shedd and Dawn’s NextGen Animal Responders contest. The Chicago-area contest, which was part of a national in-classroom and web accessible STEM curriculum called NextGen Animal Responders launched in January, encouraged teachers and students to submit video entries to demonstrate their exemplary efforts in the appreciation of wildlife conservancy and answer simple questions about why preserving wildlife is important. As grand prize winners, the class from Memorial Junior High School received a special trip to Dawn’s wildlife partner Shedd Aquarium to learn more about animal care and conservation, including protecting and rehabilitating aquatic animals. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170525005011/en/ “Shedd has been committed to working with response and rescue organizations globally for over 50 years and the urgency to protect animals and their environments is greater than ever,” said Bridget Coughlin, Shedd Aquarium president and CEO. “Dawn and Shedd both share a similar passion for wildlife conservation as well as a shared mission of educating and inspiring the world about the wellbeing of animals, habitat conservation, and the health of our oceans. We’re happy to see the students of Memorial Junior High School working together and we hope their curiosity and interest about the conservation and protection of wildlife continues throughout their lifetime.” Memorial Junior High’s winning video “Protect the Future of Wildlife” asks viewers to take small steps towards protecting wildlife such as cutting up plastic soda-rings before discarding, using reusable grocery bags and properly throwing away balloons so they don’t end up harming marine wildlife. During the field trip at Shedd, the winning students interacted with rescued animals and got an exclusive behind the scenes look at Shedd’s animal hospital, Microbiome Lab, Caribbean Reef exhibit and more. To see the winning video, click here. “These students are the perfect example of how the next generation of animal stewards can take a hands-on approach to helping preserve and protect wildlife,” said Mandy Ciccarella, Dawn Communications Manager. “Wildlife and environmental protection is vital and important to the Dawn brand and we are proud to be partners with Shedd Aquarium.” Dawn and Chicago’s Shedd Aquarium national in-classroom and web accessible STEM curriculum called NextGen Animal Responders is part of the larger Dawn Helps Save Wildlife commitment with an aim to connect teachers and students with a singular goal, educating the next generation about the importance of wildlife conservation. For more information on the complete rules and regulations about the contest, as well as downloading the full curriculum, teachers should visit www.sheddaquarium.org/NextGen. DAWN HELPS SAVE WILDLIFE Independent studies have proven Dawn Dish Soap to be the most effective dishwashing detergent for cleaning oiled animals, heralded because it removes tough grease while being gentle on animals’ delicate skin and feathers. As such, Dawn is the only dishwashing brand trusted by wildlife rescue experts for decades. Since 2006, Dawn has donated more than 100,000 bottles of dishwashing liquid and financial support to its wildlife partners, International Bird Rescue and The Marine Mammal Center. These donations have helped these organizations clean more than 75,000 marine animals in the United States. For more information about the Dawn family of products, visit www.dawn-dish.com. ABOUT PROCTER & GAMBLE P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. ABOUT SHEDD AQUARIUM For more than 50 years, Shedd Aquarium has worked with partners around the globe to help animals in need. The Next Generation Animal Responders are a way to reaffirm its commitment to helping conserve and protect wildlife. While caring for animals affected by human activity such as overfishing, habitat degradation, plastic pollution and rising ocean temperatures, the team seeks to increase public engagement and advocacy along with inspire new individuals to make a difference. To support Shedd Aquarium’s Next Generation Animal Response Team and their mission to rescue, rehabilitate, release and rehome animals in need, visit www.sheddaquarium.org/NextGen. You can also follow the conversation on social media via the hashtag, #AnimalResponders. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170525005011/en/ SOURCE: Procter & Gamble Procter & Gamble Mandy Ciccarella, 513-983-6628 ciccarella.aj@pg.com or Shedd Aquarium Nicole Minadeo, 312-692-3365 nminadeo@sheddaquarium.org or Citizen Relations Chelsea Levy, 213-996-3808 chelsea.levy@citizenrelations.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Your browser is blocking javascript. This might limit your experience on this website SUBSCRIBE FREE NEWSLETTER Breaking News on Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North AmericaEU editionAPAC edition Headlines Brand Innovation Formulation & Science Packaging & Design Business & Financial Market Trends Regulation & Safety Videos Audios Galleries Internet Live Events Promotional Features Site Archive June 2017 May 2017 Previous months Hot topics Anti-Aging Naturals & Organics Nanotechnology Sustainable Packaging Digital PRODUCT LIBRARY Skin Care Hair Care Color Cosmetics Fragrance Nutricosmetics Packaging Resources All Products Supplier Webinars Videos & Audio Technical Papers Product Brochures Suppliers Events All events Our events Shows & Conferences Other industry events CD Buzz News & Analysis Events Executive interviews Related sites CosmeticsDesign-Europe.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe CosmeticsDesign-Asia.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific Headlines > Formulation & Science Read more breaking news     Text size Print Forward Subscribe to our FREE newsletter SUBSCRIBE SCC announces speakers and offers registration discount for 2017 Scientific Meeting & Technology Showcase By Deanna UtroskeDeanna Utroske 25-May-20172017-05-25T00:00:00Z Last updated on 25-May-2017 at 17:10 GMT2017-05-25T17:10:57Z Related tags: Anual Meeting, Beauty tech, SCC, Microbiome, Neuroscience, Cell biology, Green chemistry This December in New York City, the Society of Cosmetic Chemists is set to host the 71st edition of the event, where scientists working in beauty and personal care as well as their colleagues in marketing, sales, and compliance learn about the latest trends and research impacting the industry. Six highly credentialed speakers have already been confirmed. And through the end of this month, the SCC is offering an early-bird registration rate. The scientific meeting and tech showcase will take place this year, December 11 and 12, at the Westin New York at Times Square hotel. There are discounted rooms available to registered attendees, but only on a first come, first served basis. Speaking about science The SCC has announced that Claudia Aguirre, Richard Blackburn, Elaine Fuchs, Jennifer Marsh, Amin Mazloom, and John C. Warner will all be speaking at the event in December. Dr. Aguirre is a neuroscientist, specializing “in the connection between the brain and the skin,” according to the SCC site.  Dr. Blackburn’s work centers on the extraction of active molecules from plants and sustainability as it relates to cosmetics and material science. Dr. Fuchs is a skin biologist currently serving as the Rebecca C. Lancefield Professor of Mammalian Cell Biology and Development at The Rockefeller University and as Investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. Dr. Marsh is a research fellow in the beauty technology division of P&G Beauty. She’s been with the company for over 20 years and is known for her work in hair structure, bleach, oxidative chemistry, and dye kinetics. Dr. Mazloom is the vice president of bioinformatics and software at the molecular genetics company ProdermIQ. That company uses data from the microbiome to better understand skin health. Dr. Warner is perhaps best known as the co-author, along with Paul Anastas, of Green Chemistry: Theory and Practice. He’s now the president and chief technical officer at The Warner Babcock Institute for Green Chemistry. What to expect The program this year will follow two tracks: NextGen and Advanced. The Next Gen track is meant for young professionals on both the finished goods and supplier sides of the industry and will feature more basic information about cosmetics and personal care. The Advanced track is for more accomplished or senior industry pros looking to learn about new science, tech, and innovative products. “By attending this year’s Annual Meeting, you will gain clarity and unique insight into the latest cosmetics research and trends, and receive up-to-the-minute guidance on the latest developments in the field," promises the SCC site. "Learn from our experts the cutting-edge research driving the industry forward, best practices to navigate today’s regulatory environment, and come away with ideas on how to most effectively apply these findings in your work." Find out more about The Society of Cosmetic Chemists’ 71st Annual Scientific Meeting & Technology Showcase here . This content is copyright protected However, if you would like to share the information in this article, you may use the headline, summary and link below: SCC announces speakers and offers registration discount for 2017 Scientific Meeting & Technology Showcase By Deanna UtroskeDeanna Utroske, 25-May-2017 This December in New York City, the Society of Cosmetic Chemists is set to host the 71st edition of the event, where scientists working in beauty and personal care as well as their colleagues in marketing, sales, and compliance learn about the latest trends and research impacting the industry. http://www.cosmeticsdesign.com/Formulation-Science/SCC-announces-speakers-and-offers-registration-discount-for-2017-Scientific-Meeting-Technology-Showcase Copyright - Unless otherwise stated all contents of this web site are © 2017 - William Reed Business Media SAS - All Rights Reserved - Full details for the use of materials on this site can be found in the Terms & Conditions Related news: Annual PACk event debuts in New York City CEW event highlights the role of brick-and-mortar retail in an omnichannel world Suppliers’ Day chair highlights new venue and innovation RELATED TOPICS: Formulation & Science, Color Cosmetics, Nutricosmetics, Fragrance, Hair Care, Skin Care Subscribe to our FREE newsletter Get FREE access to authoritative breaking news, videos, podcasts, webinars and white papers. SUBSCRIBE Related products Hello Face, Goodbye Oil Sabinsa Cosmetics | 30-May-2017 | Clinical study Discover an oil control moisturizer made from potent patented ingredients having sebum regulation activity that controls excess oiliness... A New Approach to Environmental Stress Chemyunion | 21-Jun-2017 | Live Supplier Webinar More than 80% of people living in urban areas are exposed to air quality that exceeds the WHO limits. Studies have shown that exposure t... INVINCITY®, the “invincible” weapon against Polluaging® Solabia Group | 22-May-2017 | Product brochure INVINCITY®, Inhibitor of the Aryl-Hydrocarbon (AhR) receptor activation induced by pollution, is a concentrated form of Fucoidans (sulpha... Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm? CODIF | 21-Jun-2017 | Live Supplier Webinar After a busy day, a jetlag, a hectic day with children, you always find the energy to become strong again and…to re-start! What about you... Et-VC™ & Azeclair™ : Design for Daily Urban Protection Corum | 16-May-2017 | Case study Et-VC™, a stable, powerful multi-functional vitamin C derivative proven to effectively rejuvenate skin and even out complexion. New rece... Aging Hair Care through the Legendary Power of Baobab TRI-K Industries Inc. | 15-May-2017 | Data sheet Anti-aging for hair is quickly becoming a large and formidable category in hair care. The explanation behind anti-aging of hair can be de... Smart Hair Repair: KeraSym™ Restore Symrise | 10-May-2017 | Product brochure Wheat proteins have long been hair care favorites bringing in the powerful image of one of the oldest and most cherished nourishing grain... INTRODUCING SMART WARMING TECHNOLOGY Symrise | 27-Apr-2017 | Product brochure A warming sensation may completely transform a product experience.  It triggers relaxation, enhances the perception of the formula’... WS SA50TM- Enhanced Aqueous Solubility Technology for Salicylic Acid Tagra | 24-Apr-2017 | Product brochure WS SA50TM - Tagra’s unique technology leads to a significant increase in Salicylic acid water solubility without high-energy investment w... Rejuvenation through epigenetic science Mibelle Biochemistry | 24-Apr-2017 | Case study Inspired by epigenetic science, RoyalEpigen P5 has been designed to delay the aging of skin. Both lifestyles and environmental factors ha... A unique active plant cell complex, consisting of Indian jasmine cells with integrated Gamma Mangosteen, improves general aspect of face Naolys | 24-Apr-2017 | Product brochure Naolys has been the leader in plant cell culture for 14 years, developing innovative, unique active ingredients, with whole plant cells r... Natural peptide to sculpt & contour the jawline TRI-K Industries Inc. | 12-Apr-2017 | Data sheet TRI-K has developed a new botanical based, natural peptide, NaturePep™ Sacha Inchi - the next of their NaturePep™ platform – launched at... Proven Efficacy in Reducing Pollutant Permeation Chemyunion | 10-Apr-2017 | Case study SkinBlitz protects the DNA of cells exposed to pollution, reduces the biomarkers of environmental stress, inhibits hyperpigmentation and... Global Distinctions in Cosmetic Regulations and Marketing IQPC | 27-Mar-2017 | Case study With regulations still evolving from emerging markets, which are incorporating their own standards to ensure consumer safety and transpar... Performance of Sunscreens with Zemea® Propanediol DuPont Tate & Lyle Bio Products | 20-Mar-2017 | Technical / white paper Two underutilized OTC Category 1 sunscreen actives include ensulizole and sulisobenzone. Downfalls of these water-soluble actives are cry... Emollient Solutions: APRINNOVA’S NEOSSANCE® Squalane APRINNOVA | 13-Mar-2017 | Product brochure Formulators have long recognized Squalane’s value as a superior emollient. APRINNOVA’S NEOSSANCE SQUALANE, derived via fermentation of su... Speed up formula development and ensure market requirement, using performance software solutions designed for cosmetic R&D lab Coptis | 16-Mar-2017 | On-Demand Supplier Webinar The Cosmetic product development generates large amounts of data and documents. Proper integration of your raw materials, ingredients, fo... Pycnogenol® Contributes to Skin Hydration and Reduces Pigmentation Horphag | 21-Sep-2016 | Technical / white paper A newly published review in Skin Pharmacology and Physiology on Pycnogenol®, French maritime pine bark extract, reveals supplementation w... Related suppliers Acme Hardesty | APRINNOVA | Chemyunion | INOLEX | IQPC | Mibelle Biochemistry | Sensient Cosmetic Technologies Most Popular News 1The top ten most innovative indie beauty products 2The Estée Lauder Companies announce new leadership for skin care, hair, and color cosmetics brands 3L'Oréal hair care earns Cradle to Cradle certifications 4Coppertone—a legacy sun care brand fashioning a future through consumer trust, greater transparency, and innovative textures 5DevaCurl acquired Key Industry Events 09-Jul-2017 Cosmoprof North America Las Vegas, Nevada / Exhibition Read more 06-Sep-2017 ADF&PCD New York City / Conference and exhibition Read more 20-Sep-2017 in-cosmetics Latin America São Paulo, Brazil / Conference and exhibition Read more Access all events listing Products Hello Face, Goodbye Oil Sabinsa Cosmetics INVINCITY®, the “invincible” weapon against Polluaging® Solabia Group Et-VC™ & Azeclair™ : Design for Daily Urban Protection Corum Aging Hair Care through the Legendary Power of Baobab TRI-K Industries Inc. Smart Hair Repair: KeraSym™ Restore Symrise INTRODUCING SMART WARMING TECHNOLOGY Symrise View All Products Live Supplier Webinars 21-Jun-2017 A New Approach to Environmental Stress Chemyunion 21-Jun-2017 Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm? CODIF On demand Supplier Webinars Speed up formula development and ensure market requirement, using performance software solutions designed for cosmetic R&D lab Coptis All supplier webinars Today's Headlines Will the UN instate a global ban on animal testing for cosmetics? Biome-Friendly Shampoo from Mother Dirt gets a longer shelf life Au Naturale Cosmetics has a whole new look Promotional Features By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Sea anemone venom for sensitive skin By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Fighting cellulite and fat deposits by stimulating brown fat activity By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Rejuvenation through epigenetic science Weekly / Daily Free Newsletters CosmeticsDesign.com USA CosmeticsDesign-Europe.com CosmeticsDesign-Asia.com Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Weekly Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Weekly Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Weekly       Skin Care Skin Care Skin Care Hair Care Hair Care Hair Care Color Cosmetics Colour Cosmetics Color Cosmetics Fragrance Fragrance Fragrance Nutricosmetics Nutricosmetics Nutricosmetics Packaging Packaging Packaging Subscribe to our FREE newsletterSUBSCRIBE Related Sites from our Team Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe  |  Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific About us | Editorial Calendar | Site map | All sites | Recommend this Site | Advertise | Contact the Editor | Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookie Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Feminine Hygiene Products Market 2017: Demand and Expected CAGR Percentage Value eMarketOrg announces the addition of Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market Size, Status And Forecast 2022 in its vast collection of research reports. For this report, the Feminine Hygiene Products market value is provided for 2016 in USD millions, an expected CAGR % as well as USD million worth of industry in 2022. Regionally, the globe is segmented into United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia and India to study their market size and local analysis. End user applications of Feminine Hygiene Products market covering Physical Stores and Online Stores are studied in this research. Share of Feminine Hygiene Products market is covered by applications as well supported with potential applications in the future. Buy the complete Feminine Hygiene Products report with Comprehensive table of contents @ emarketorg.com/pro/global-feminine-hygiene-products-marke… An extensive analysis methodology is involved for this Feminine Hygiene Products research report.The research methodology used to estimate and forecast the Feminine Hygiene Products market involves a primary and a secondary research. A systematic procedure has been used to arrive at the global size of the Feminine Hygiene Products market and present revenue of key players in the market. Accurate data has been collected by conducting extensive interviews with people holding key decision making positions in the industry such as CEOs, VPs, directors, and executives. Inquire for discount for this report @ emarketorg.com/product-enquiry/?product-id=92565 Industry chain analysis covering upstream raw materials and equipments of Feminine Hygiene Products market, their suppliers’ information as well as analysis of downstream major consumers for Feminine Hygiene Products is provided to understand the complete industry chain structure. Overall market analyzed in this report is divided by regions, types and manufacturers/companies. The research estimates 2017-2022 Feminine Hygiene Products market development trends covering capacity, production and revenue forecasts as well as regional supply consumption forecasts. Towards the end, this report includes a feasibility analysis of New Project Investment covering SWOT analysis of Feminine Hygiene Products OR marketing strategy analysis and market effect factor analysis. Overall, the report provides factual insights collected and analyzed with detailed primary and secondary research on Feminine Hygiene Products market. The research compiles profiles of small and big Feminine Hygiene Products market companies covering their product details as well as important statistics on production, capacity, price and more. These active companies’ numbers are supported with information on marketing traders and/or distributors of the Feminine Hygiene Products industry along with their contact information. This data gives valuable industry insights and direction to individuals and/or companies that are new entrants, eyeing to enter or grow in the Feminine Hygiene Products market. Some of the Key vendors profiled in this research include: Procter & Gamble, Unicharm, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget, Edgewell Personal Care, Bella, Bodywise (UK), Cora, Corman, First Quality Enterprises, Fujian Hengan Group, Lil-Lets, Masmi, Moxie, Ontex, Pee Buddy, Kao, The Honest Company, Seventh Generation and Vivanion Partial list of Tables and Figures for this report include: Figure North America Feminine Hygiene Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Europe Feminine Hygiene Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure China Feminine Hygiene Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Japan Feminine Hygiene Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Southeast Asia Feminine Hygiene Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure India Feminine Hygiene Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Global Feminine Hygiene Products Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Figure Global Feminine Hygiene Products Capacity, Production (K Units) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Figure Global Feminine Hygiene Products Major Players Product Capacity (K Units) (2012-2017) Table Global Feminine Hygiene Products Capacity (K Units) of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) Table Global Feminine Hygiene Products Capacity Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) Figure Global Feminine Hygiene Products Capacity (K Units) of Key Manufacturers in 2016 Figure Global Feminine Hygiene Products Capacity (K Units) of Key Manufacturers in 2017 Figure Global Feminine Hygiene Products Major Players Product Production (K Units) (2012-2017) Table Global Feminine Hygiene Products Production (K Units) of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) Table Global Feminine Hygiene Products Production Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) Contact Details: Ronald Alden sales@emarketorg.com info@emarketorg.com twitter.com/emarketorg About Us: eMarketOrg.com aims to provide businesses and organizations market intelligence products and services that help in making smart, instant and crucial decisions. Our database offers access to insights from industry leaders, experts and influencers on global and regional sectors, market trends, user behaviour, for companies as well as products. With data and information from reputable and trusted private and public sources, our clients are never short of statistics and analysis that are up to date. F/3, 4A Bharat Pushpa Apt., Subhash Nagar, Shukrawar Peth, Pune – 411002 This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sensors for Aircraft Sales Market: Recent Study including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts Next PostNext Omega 3 Products Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent Time Machine: Matsell’s Castle Farm News Track: Fatal Coggon shooting Pianist presents ‘unprecedented’ gift for Orchestra Iowa Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Sewing smiles: Williamsburg group makes sock monkeys for pediatric patients At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, celebrity, power and gender converges Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charge a ‘load of nonsense’ in Kelly interview For Iowa teens and summer jobs, now may be the time Hamilton, Blankenhorn go deep, Kernels sting Bees, 11-6 Obituaries Obits submitted to The Gazette are published online and in the newspaper the next day. Sign up for our newsletter to get obituary headlines sent to your inbox every day. Search for obits using site search in the top right corner. Thank you for subscribing. Your newsletters will begin to arrive in the next day or two. Your Email All Newsletters Submission form Lester Orr Lester Orr LESTER C. ORR Waukon Lester C. Orr, 85, of Waukon, passed away Monday, May 22, 2017, at Winneshiek Medical Center following a lengthy illness. A time of visitation will be held from 2 to 4 p.m. Tuesday, May 30, at Gay & Ciha Funeral Service in Iowa City. Private graveside services will be held at Oakland Cemetery in Iowa City. Online condolences may be shared with Lester's family at www.gayandciha.com. Lester Charles Orr was born Aug. 26, 1931, in Grinnell, Iowa, son of Charles W. and Alice (Ohl) Orr. Lester graduated from West Liberty High School and served an enlistment in the Army Reserves. On July 10, 1953, he was united in marriage to Jean Walters at the Little Brown Church in Nashua. Lester spent most of his working career at Procter and Gamble in Iowa City; after retirement he and Jean moved to Waukon. They traveled extensively throughout their lives, and he enjoyed time trout fishing and tree farming. He was a talented wood and metal craftsman and a long-time participant and supporter of Future Farmers of America. His family includes his wife, Jean; daughter, Jan Welsh (Bob) of Cedar, Minn., sons, Steve Orr (Shirley) of Story City and Carl Orr (Merry Jo) of Shakopee, Minn.; sisters, Anna Kria King of Los Angeles and Mary Post of Tualatin, Ore.; and three grandchildren, Tory Welsh, Jack Orr and Mitch Orr. He was preceded in death by his parents. Posted on Thursday, 25 May 2017 Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business Innovation COMMENT May 26 2017 Save Print License article Ride an Uber, drive a Tesla - just don't invest in them Elizabeth Knight Contact via Email Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Business Day: Sign up for our newsletter  Hamish Douglass strutted his tech bona fides on stage this week with an attention-grabbing performance that drew headlines following his claim that "Uber was one of the stupidest businesses in history". Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:28 Beyond FANG: Magellan's favourite tech ... Beyond FANG: Magellan's favourite tech stocks Magellan boss Hamish Douglass shows it's not just venture capitalists who can take on tech stocks, and payment systems have caught his eye. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Australia's economic growth conundrum Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Australia's economic growth conundrum Australia's economic growth conundrum Recent retail and capex numbers have shown positive signs of growth but some forecasters are predicting that the March quarter's GDP figures will be heading in the opposite direction. (This video was produced in commercial partnership between Fairfax Media and IG Markets) Up Next The unknown recession Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 The unknown recession The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Up Next Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Play Video Don't Play Video duration 06:47 Video duration 06:47 Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Virgin Group founder Richard Branson urges the importance of countries working together to tackle climate change. Up Next Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower Play Video Don't Play Video duration 05:31 Video duration 05:31 Wall Street signals bond yields to remain ... Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower The Australian dollar was around US50 cents the last time the yield advantage was this small. Up Next Scaremongering season Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:15 Video duration 02:15 Scaremongering season Scaremongering season The old rule applies: if an economist makes a dire prediction of doom and gloom, he or she gets plenty of media attention. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next What to expect from retail sales Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:18 Video duration 02:18 What to expect from retail sales What to expect from retail sales AMP Chief Economist Shane Oliver predicts the risk of another RBA rate cut this year. More videos Beyond FANG: Magellan's favourite tech stocks Magellan boss Hamish Douglass shows it's not just venture capitalists who can take on tech stocks, and payment systems have caught his eye. His other prediction: "The probability of Tesla surviving in the long term [is] actually pretty low as well." Such claims could be construed as coming from a technology disruption denier. Anything but. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Magellan CEO Hamish Douglass is a disruption disciple. Photo: Jessica Hromas Douglass, who co-founded global share fund Magellan, is a disruption disciple, having moved away from a devotion to a range of international consumer companies that he now sees as dinosaurs. He is not alone. There are other investment managers, some of whom hitched themselves to the technology investment train years ago and have ridden the rise in the likes of Google, Facebook and Amazon. Advertisement Douglass grew Magellan by investing in leading global stocks - some of which he now considers are becoming victims of technology - the likes of Procter & Gamble and US retailer Target. But standing before a conference this week and declaring Uber is likely to be broke in 10 years, Douglass is marketing his firm's credentials as one that has evolved. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Douglass claims Uber is "one of the stupidest businesses in history". Photo: AP The message he is actually trying to convey is two-fold. First, that investors shouldn't be swayed by big or familiar tech brands such as Uber and Tesla. Rather, look under the hood at the business model because some just don't stack up. All tech is not good tech. And just because they are big today doesn't mean they are safe investments. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Amazon's Jeff Bezos believes we are five to 10 years away from computers being able to understand everything that's written in Wikipedia, not just translate it, Douglass says. Photo: Bloomberg Tesla, despite producing only a small number of cars, is worth more than Ford, and Uber is now valued at $US68 billion ($91.6 billion), having raised billions from investors in what Douglass likens to a Ponzi scheme. Tesla and Uber currently operate business models that are based on driving cars when Douglass sees driverless cars as the future of consumer transport. He believes Google is ahead in the race for autonomous vehicles. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Tesla, despite producing only a small number of cars, is worth more than Ford. Photo: Tesla The other plank in his investment thesis is to beware of companies that are currently churning out big profits but will become victims of technological disruption down the track. Staying with this metaphor, he thinks that when driving your investment portfolio, you must be looking into the distance and not in the rear-view mirror. Say five or even 20 years down the track. We know that the companies that dominate the US market today - such as Amazon and Google - were relative minnows 10 years ago. The trick to investing in new-economy companies is predicting winners in the midst of a technology-based revolution in which the rate of change is exponential and disrupters can become disrupted. By way of example, Microsoft demonstrated last year it could translate the whole of Wikipedia from English to another language on its Azure platform in a 10th of a second. "We are entering a period in history over the next 10 to 20 years where there are going to be fundamental challenges and disruptions to many business models in the world," Douglass says. "And [while] people have been saying that is not delivering any productivity gains, I would argue strongly that's because we are sitting between two industrial periods in history." The previous revolutions was about industrialisation and globalisation and the one we are seeing today is the digital revolution, he says. The industrial revolution and later globalisation led to massive productivity gains, which have now been well and truly harvested. The new era of disruption will be just as momentous. We have already seen early signs in industries like media and music, but Douglass argues this is but a small taste of what is to come. "We would argue if we look 10 to 15 years out, we are going to have disruption of scale similar to what we saw in [the] industrial and globalisation revolutions." "If you go to human knowledge, it has never really been automated but we are within five to 10 years away from software programs written to truly automate human knowledge and what is missing is computer understanding of natural language." Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and Amazon's Jeff Bezos believe we are five to 10 years away from computers being able to understand everything that's written in Wikipedia, not just translate it, he says. It would be a massive breakthrough in artificial intelligence. "Once that happens, the big revolution will be able to attack service and knowledge-based industries at scale ... we can add manufacturing like 3D printing which could completely change the paradigm of manufacturing and where goods get manufactured in the world." So what about the Amazon effect? We are already seeing the value of retailers across the globe being re-rated down on the back of the impact of Amazon. Douglass says that even a company like Procter & Gamble, with one of the most formidable line-ups of consumer brands on the planet -Gillette, Pampers, Tide - which has historically traded at a long-term multiple of 20 times earnings, will be, in the the future, subject to mass disruption by Amazon. "They [P&G] have been so powerful because their business model has been supported by traditional advertising, which has largely been television," Douglass says. And the world's largest advertiser works in partnership with the big retailers like (US) Woolworths and Tesco. So what traditional companies are safe from the technology onslaught? Try Coca-Cola, McDonald's and even Starbucks and Nike, he says. People still eat, drink and exercise. Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Ride an Uber, drive a Tesla - just don't invest in them. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Aussies Are Warming To The Use Of Bots ... Contains: External link Most Popular When profits eat wages we all pay the price RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate Optus admits slashing prepaid data without telling 45,000 customers Sydney, Melbourne home price falls pause Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business When profits eat wages we all pay the price Bunnings finds it can afford to shun online Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale Clock ticking for big builders as blacklist looms RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate WA Today Cheesed-off customer slams Perth restaurant's 'European nachos' Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Perth pizza robber said family was hungry Ben Cousins' ex says she committed him to psych ward John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore The Sydney Morning Herald London attack: What we know so far John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck The Age Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Margaret Court the guest speaker at Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne Knife-wielding terrorists kill seven in bloody rampage US cities, states and companies commit to Paris Accord Brisbane Times Woman's leg degloved in horror yacht accident The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see 'Non-viable' twins cling to life amid anger at hospital Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck Canberra Times Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Man arrested after double hit-and-run in Yarralumla Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work 'Betrayed': Couple's hopes dashed after forking out $10,000 We sent a plus-size mum to the Fashfest model casting WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide With Gianforte's win, two of Montana's three congressional reps have ties to Oracle Gianforte and Daines have been doing business together since 1999. Oracle employees contributed to the two campaigns. Montana is an agriculture-heavy state, but technology has outsized influence in Washington. Ari Levy | @levynews Tuesday, 30 May 2017 | 7:21 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES William Campbell | Corbis | Getty Images Republican Greg Gianforte campaigns for Montana's House of Representatives seat vacated by the appointment of Ryan Zinke to head the Department of Interior on April 22, 2017 in Bozeman, Montana. Sen. Steve Daines predicted in early May that Republican Greg Gianforte would win the special election for Montana's lone House seat by 8 to 10 points. Gianforte won by 6. This wasn't pure guesswork. In addition to representing Montana for the past five years, first as a congressman and now as a senator, Daines is quite familiar with fellow Republican Gianforte. They worked together for 12 years at a customer relationship management (CRM) software company called RightNow Technologies, which Oracle acquired in 2012 for $1.5 billion. Before that, the former tech executives partnered on a construction project to build RightNow's headquarters in Bozeman. Montana's economy is heavy in mining, transportation and agricultural products like beef, barley and hay. But in terms of the state's representation in Washington, the technology industry — and one company in particular — now has outsized influence. @DavidMDrucker I think Gianforte may do better than that. Would guess 8-10, but my political predictions of late were worse than my March Madness bracket!— Steve Daines (@SteveDaines) May 8, 2017 On Thursday, Gianforte defeated Democrat Rob Quist, a singing cowboy, in a special election to replace Ryan Zinke, who President Donald Trump tapped as his secretary of Interior. The contest hit national headlines Wednesday night when an audio recording circulated of Gianforte at a campaign event bodyslamming a reporter from The Guardian who asked him a question about the health-care bill. At his victory party the following night, Gianforte apologized to Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs and said, "I'm not proud of what happened." Gianforte, who narrowly lost a bid to become Montana's governor last year, and Daines account for two-thirds of the state's representatives in Congress. The other is Democratic Sen. Jon Tester, who comes from a farming background. Gianforte earned a fortune from the sale of RightNow. He founded the company in 1997, and he and his wife owned close to a quarter of the business at the time of the acquisition. Daines was RightNow's vice president of the Asia-Pacific region. According to RightNow's 2010 annual report, the last before the acquisition, Gianforte and Daines owned a combined 75 percent of Genesis Partners, a real estate company that was the "landlord from whom we lease our principal offices in Bozeman." show chapters Oracle CEO on AT&T deal: Tremendous opportunity for collaboration    Thursday, 4 May 2017 | 11:17 AM ET | 03:49 RightNow competed with Oracle until they joined forces. Oracle has continued to support Daines in his political career, becoming one of his principal donors. Between employees and political action committees, Oracle contributed $40,365 to Daines in his two elections, more than he received from all but five companies, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. His biggest donor was investment firm Elliott Management. Procter & Gamble, another former employer, was third, followed by Koch Industries. Oracle employees contributed $3,200 to Gianforte's campaign, according to the Federal Election Commission. Gianforte, who has lived in Montana since 1995, is also the founder of the Bozeman Technology Incubator, which provides mentoring to the emerging tech and manufacturing businesses. The press offices for Daines and Gianforte didn't respond to requests for comment. Ari LevySenior Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change ORCL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Governor LePage Announces Ricker Hamilton as Acting DHHS Commissioner Back to current news. Governor LePage Announces Ricker Hamilton as Acting DHHS Commissioner May 26, 2017 Governor’s Office For Immediate Release: Friday, May 26, 2017 Contact: Adrienne Bennett, Press Secretary, 207-287-2531 AUGUSTA – Governor Paul R. LePage announced today the appointment of Ricker Hamilton, who now serves as Deputy Commissioner of Programs at the Department of Health and Human Services, as acting Commissioner of DHHS. “I am pleased to appoint Ricker as acting commissioner of DHHS,” said Governor LePage. “He has been actively involved in reforming welfare, improving services for the truly needy and bringing fiscal responsibility and accountability to a department that was plagued by massive shortfalls under previous administrations. Ricker will provide a wealth of experience and a steady hand to guide DHHS as the department continues to improve and reform the programs that are vital to so many Mainers.” Hamilton has 40 years of experience in management, program development, strategic planning and social work in programs that provide services for children and families, substance abuse, mental health, sexual assault and domestic violence, aging and disability and acute psychiatric care. As Deputy Commissioner of Programs at DHHS since 2013, Hamilton has managed and directed the Offices of Aging and Disability Services, Child and Family Services, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services, Dorothea Dix Psychiatric Center and Riverview Psychiatric Center. He also served as program administrator for adult protective services at DHHS and as an instructor at the Maine Criminal Justice Academy, where he developed a curriculum on elder abuse. Hamilton received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Saint Anselm College in 1976 and his Master of Social Work degree from Boston College in 1984. Additionally, the Governor announced Alec Porteous will serve as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at the Department of Health and Human Services. Porteous joined the LePage Administration as deputy commissioner of finance in May 2014. “Alec has a diverse background in the private and government sectors and has been integral in guiding the department to stable financial footing. He will continue to be a strong, reform-minded leader within the department,” said Governor LePage. Porteous previously worked as a policy advisor for Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher in Washington, D.C. on Wall Street reforms and the Consumer Protection Act. He also worked as an associate at Lehman Brothers/Barclays Capital to provide strategic and financial advice to clients, including Proctor & Gamble, Hormel and Unilever. Prior to joining DHHS, Porteous was vice president at Harpswell Capital Advisors in New Gloucester, Maine. He also served from 2011 to 2013 as state office representative in Portland for U.S. Senator Susan Collins and as her campaign finance director during her 2013 reelection campaign. Porteous received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Colby College in 2002 and his Master of Business Administration from Cornell University in 2007. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious O-Carborane Market by Top Manufacturers, Growth, Emerging Trends, Size, Share, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Rose Essential Oil Market 2022: Trends and Growth, Segmentation and Key Companies Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Business Business Home Business Breakfast People on the Move Lifestyle Lifestyle home Arts & Entertainment Food Sustainable Living Things to do in Maine Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate Auto Jobs Public Notices Puzzles Crossword Sudoku Podcasts Events CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com e-Edition Newsletters and Alerts Support Reader Services Home Delivery Help FAQs Contact Subscribe Contact Advertising Open Pressherald Home Menu News News Boating safety gets more emphasis as Maine deaths reach 6 early in season More Headlines Trump denounces ‘a vile enemy that has waged war on innocent life … too long’ Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Community News Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Business Business World Bank predicts 2.7% global growth in 2017 More Headlines Map: See where Maine’s electric cars plug in Week in review: Tourism buoyed by cruise ships, hampered by worker shortage More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job People on the Move Opinion Opinion Maine Voices: Protecting the vulnerable remains a priority More Headlines Another View: Columnist Dill ignores dangers of consuming processed foods Our View: House Republicans snared in trap of their own making More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Sports Sports Warriors rout Cavs, take 2-0 lead in finals More Headlines Pujols joins 600-HR club Former Red Sox outfielder Piersall dies at 87 More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Lifestyle Lifestyle Maine woman’s reach for relief from ‘crazy life’ unites others on journey to better health More Headlines ‘Wonder Woman’ powers its way to $100 million debut Suggestions on what to eat to curb morning sickness More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Restaurant reviews Arts & Entertainment Books Things to do in Maine Religion and Values Sudoku Crossword Obituaries Real Estate Real Estate 28 Brookside Drive, Falmouth More Headlines 12 Foxtail Drive, York ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers More in Real Estate Home of the Week Featured Home Public Notices Jobs Auto Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe>   Politics Posted May 26 Updated May 26 increase font size LePage names DHHS administrator Ricker Hamilton as acting commissioner The longtime manager in the state's largest department succeeds Mary Mayhew, who announced her resignation this week. By Scott ThistleStaff Writer Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Email Writer 207-791-6330 Share Comment Read Article Ricker Hamilton has been named acting DHHS commissioner, taking over for Mary Mayhew, who spent her last day in the position Friday. AUGUSTA — Gov. Paul LePage on Friday tapped longtime Maine Department of Health and Human Services administrator Ricker Hamilton to serve as the agency’s acting commissioner. Hamilton, the deputy commissioner of programs at DHHS, will take over for Mary Mayhew, whose resignation was announced Wednesday by LePage. Related Headlines Welfare reformer Mary Mayhew leaving as commissioner of Maine DHHS Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → “I am pleased to appoint Ricker as acting commissioner of DHHS,” LePage said in a prepared statement. “He has been actively involved in reforming welfare, improving services for the truly needy and bringing fiscal responsibility and accountability to a department that was plagued by massive shortfalls under previous administrations. “Ricker will provide a wealth of experience and a steady hand to guide DHHS as the department continues to improve and reform the programs that are vital to so many Mainers.” It was unclear Friday whether Hamilton will hold the post temporarily, or whether LePage will nominate him to the Cabinet-level position for the remainder of his term. DHHS is the state’s largest department and accounts for about a third of all state spending. Peter Steele, LePage’s communications director, said the governor would be deliberate in considering all of his options and potential candidates for the post. Any candidate nominated to the job in a permanent capacity would face a confirmation hearing before the Legislature’s Health and Human Services Committee and a vote of the full Senate. Under state law, Hamilton can serve as long as six months in an acting capacity. Finding a permanent replacement for Mayhew may be difficult for LePage. He has only 19 months remaining in office, and qualified candidates might be leery of taking the job and risking being replaced by the next governor. Hamilton has 40 years of experience in management, program development, strategic planning and social work in programs that provide services for children and families, substance abuse, mental health, sexual assault and domestic violence, aging and disability, and acute psychiatric care, LePage said. Since 2013, Hamilton has managed and directed the Offices of Aging and Disability Services, Child and Family Services, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services, Dorothea Dix Psychiatric Center and Riverview Psychiatric Center. He also served as program administrator for adult protective services at DHHS and as an instructor at the Maine Criminal Justice Academy, where he developed a curriculum on elder abuse. Hamilton holds a bachelor’s degree from Saint Anselm College and a master’s degree in social work from Boston College. Mayhew, a former Democrat who also lobbied for the Maine Hospital Association before joining LePage’s administration, has been a key advocate for LePage’s efforts to revamp programs that affect thousands of Mainers, including efforts to tighten requirements for Medicaid enrollees, re-establish work requirements for food stamps, clamp down on welfare fraud, and advocate for other changes, such as forbidding junk food purchases with food stamps. LePage frequently has praised Mayhew’s fiscal management at the department, which had previously been the source of gaping budget deficits. There has been persistent speculation that Mayhew will run for governor, but she has not confirmed that or any other plans. LePage also announced Friday that Alec Porteous will serve as the department’s chief operating officer and chief financial officer, filling a role left vacant by Sam Adolphsen, who departed DHHS this year. “Alec has a diverse background in the private and government sectors and has been integral in guiding the department to a stable financial footing,” LePage said, also in a prepared statement. “He will continue to be a strong, reform-minded leader within the department.” Porteous previously worked as a policy adviser on Wall Street reforms and the Consumer Protection Act for Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher in Washington, D.C. He also worked as an associate at Lehman Brothers/Barclays Capital to provide strategic and financial advice to clients, including Procter & Gamble, Hormel and Unilever. Before joining DHHS, Porteous was vice president at Harpswell Capital Advisors in New Gloucester. Porteous also served from 2011 to 2013 as the state office representative in Portland for Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, and as Collins’ campaign finance director during her 2013 reelection campaign. Porteous received his bachelor’s degree from Colby College in 2002 and his Master of Business Administration from Cornell University in 2007. Scott Thistle can be contacted at 791-6330 or at: [email protected] Twitter: thisdog Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered each morning. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News Business Headlines High School Sports Real Estate * I understand the Terms of Service. Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Boating safety gets more emphasis as Maine deaths reach 6 early in season Warriors rout Cavs, take 2-0 lead in finals Trump denounces 'a vile enemy that has waged war on innocent life ... too long' Pujols joins 600-HR club Former Red Sox outfielder Piersall dies at 87 Augusta city offices close after man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Man's attempt to kill wife in Saco break-in featured on 'Dateline' Graduates to watch in Maine's class of 2017 Check out our lists of top high school seniors for 2017 Divers find body of man whose canoe overturned on Panther Pond Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal With this bailing scoop, you can save your boat, feed your horse or make some beer Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret 'Anatomy of Innocence' describes incalculable injustices Southern Maine Transit Tracker seeking feedback on its tracking system BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Consumer Products Outside the Box Get email alerts Opinion: I just put Hefty bags on the marketing shelf of shame By Allan Ripp Published: May 26, 2017 1:05 p.m. ET Share Don’t you hate when consumer-products companies tinker with stuff and make it unusable? By AllanRipp Allan Ripp Hefty’s 13-gallon bags now require a tug-of-war contest to fit around the garbage bin. Something screwy happened in my kitchen recently. I noticed my Hefty bags weren’t as hefty as they used to be. Instead of amply lining our garbage bin — with surplus on top to make it easier to tie shut once they’d reached capacity — the 13-gallon bags suddenly required a tug-of-war contest to fit around the receptacle’s outer edge. One side of the bag kept slipping off the rim, like a bottom bed sheet that had shrunk in the wash. Back-and-forth I’d go, trying to keep the tapered bag in place, groaning like Homer Simpson when it popped off and waiting for someone to tell me this was an all-new “Candid Camera” stunt. By the time the bag filled and needed replacing, it had mostly dropped inside the bin. Worse, tying the stuffed opening with Hefty’s pull-string chord frequently caused the bag to tear. Doh! Certain that my wife hadn’t replaced our garbage can, I called the toll-free product hotline posted on the box to investigate. I reached the Reynolds Kitchen consumer-response line, where a recorded message explained that representatives were unavailable to take my call — though I was invited to visit the web site for great recipe ideas and cooking tips. I couldn’t imagine what kind of recipe would call for a Hefty trash bag. I searched for news releases issued by Hefty, and after several attempts reached a responsive PR person named Katie, who confirmed my suspicions. ‘New technology’ “You are right,” she wrote back. “The bags have changed recently. Hefty Ultra Strong was designed with a new technology that allows the bag to stretch and also improves puncture resistance.” She continued: “We made an update to the bag’s diameter to provide a tighter fit so the bag doesn’t fall into the can, but after receiving some feedback, we found that the change in size caused a fit issue for a handful of trash cans. It wasn’t our intention to make anyone wrestle with their trash cans.” At least I wasn’t crazy and felt solidarity with all the other bag wrestlers — including actual professional wrestler John Cena, a WWE superstar whom Hefty hired to promote its Ultra Strong bags in a series of muscle-bound YouTube spots. After some back and forth, I got Katie to concede the ultimate truth about the new Ultra bags. “It is correct to say the dimensions of the bag have been slightly reduced,” she wrote, “but the amount of trash the bag can hold has stayed consistent, due to the flex technology.” Just like New Coke OK, it might not stir the same global outrage as New Coke or pose a serious safety risk like Samsung’s battery-exploding Galaxy Note 7. But Hefty’s ham-fisted tinkering seems to deserve a spot on the marketer’s pantry shelf of shame. It’s certainly another case of corporate tampering with a well-branded product that, by my longtime loyalty, needed no fixing. Did the world of household trash storage really yearn for flex technology, especially as the old bags stretched perfectly well? Or was this an example of a design makeover producing an inferior outcome — think LED light bulbs, the Tropicana orange juice carton fiasco, or Poland Spring water bottles that crinkle like Saran wrap and spill after the first sip. Or was it a form of corporate penny-pinching, like when Toblerone last year tightened the dimensions of its Swiss Alp-shaped chocolate bars to reduce their weight in the face of rising ingredient costs? It’s hard to know since Hefty didn’t promote its revamped bag design under the chestnut banner of “new and improved.” The bottom line I don’t begrudge any company for trying to make a more economical or eco-friendly product — a quarter-penny and fractional ounce of plastic saved on every bag could do wonders for Reynolds Consumer Products’ bottom line and the environment. But that might be offset by the paper towels I now need to wipe down the inside of our garbage can whenever the bag collapses. I wonder if Bounty, made by Procter & Gamble PG, +0.52% gets a bit of the action from Hefty’s flex technology. Katie informed me that Hefty’s engineers at Reynolds went back to the test lab to retool the bags’ diameter and hopefully make life better for heavy-duty tidy-uppers like me and John Cena. She even offered to send me a sample supply of Ultra Strongs. Still, I wish I’d stocked up on the old Heftys — something tells me they were a better fit for the job, flex or no flex. What’s that Joni Mitchell line? “Don’t it always seem to go, that you don’t know what you’ve got till it’s gone?” Who knew she was singing about garbage bags? Allan Ripp runs a press-relations firm in New York. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References PG +0.46 +0.52% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $88.59 +0.46 (+0.52%) Volume 6.0M Open $88.40 High $88.68 Low $88.01 P/E Ratio 25.21 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 226.6B
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cosmetic Skin Care Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trends And Forecast 2016 – 2024 Cosmetic Skin Care Market: Snapshot Consumer trends for cosmetic skin care products vary from region to region. While skin lightening and brightening products are in greater demand in Asia Pacific, anti-aging creams have been witnessing higher demand in Europe and North America. On the other hand, consumers in countries with dry weather, such as Brazil and Argentina, are more prone to purchasing sun protection products. Cosmetic skin care is one of the most dynamic markets in the personal care industry and is driven by evolving consumer trends and innovations on the part of manufacturers. The opportunity in the global cosmetic skin care market stood at US$127.1 bn in 2015 and this is projected to rise to be worth just over US$200 bn by 2024, expanding at a 5.1% CAGR therein. Know More Information about Industry Insight, Download Brochure@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Multi-utility Skin Creams Gain Prominence among Consumers Cosmetic skin care products include those for anti-aging, skin whitening, sensitive skin, anti-acne, dry skin, warts removal, infant skin care, anti-scars solutions, mole removal, and multi-utility products such as beauty and balm, color correcting, and daily defense creams. In terms of revenue, anti-aging creams led the global cosmetic skin care market in 2015 owing to their diversified applications. Multi-utility skin care cosmetics, on the other hand, are expected to be the fastest growing product segment by the end of 2024. The main applications of cosmetic skin care products include stem cell protection against UV, flakiness reduction, skin rehydration, minimizing wrinkles, and increasing the viscosity of aqueous. Among these, the segment of wrinkle minimization led the cosmetic skin care market in 2015. The stem cells protection against UV segment, on the other hand, is anticipated to expand at a rapid pace due to increasing awareness regarding the harmful effects of ultraviolet rays. MEA to Offer Stiff Competition to APAC in Cosmetic Skin Care Market Based on geography, the global cosmetic skin care market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. While Asia Pacific is the leading cosmetic skin care market in the world, the Middle East and Africa is predicted to be the fastest growing regional segment. Accounting for a share of more than 40.0% during the forecast period, Asia Pacific is expected to retain its lead in terms of revenue through 2024. The rising adoption of beneficial skin care products in the emerging economies of China and India is one of the key factors driving the APAC cosmetic skin care market. These developing countries have been witnessing rapid changes in consumer living standards, which in turn, is expected to result in high market growth. Increasing purchasing power of the urban population, coupled with rising product awareness in rural areas, is also fueling the demand for cosmetic skin care products in the region. The cosmetic skin care market in the Middle East and Africa is expected to witness significant growth during the forecast period due to the increasing average disposable income level and the rising expenditure on personal care products among consumers. In addition, consumer preference toward skin brightening creams has fueled the demand for cosmetic skin care products in the MEA region. Over the recent past, companies manufacturing cosmetic skin care products have been adopting extensive marketing strategies to strengthen their position in the market. This is expected to further the cosmetic skin care market growth in the region. Browse Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cosmetic-skin-care-mar… Key players in the cosmetic skin care market include L’Oreal S.A., Unilever PLC, Procter & Gamble, Beiersdorf AG, Avon Products Inc., The Estee Lauder Companies Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Kao Corporation, and The Body Shop International PLC. About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFashion, Lifestyle, Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Outlook 2021: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Next PostNext Cylindrical Dental Implant Market Forecast 2021: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Household Cleaners Market expected to reach US$ 39,400.9 mn by 2024, in terms of revenue Global Household Cleaners Market: Snapshot The global market for household cleaners has witnessed growth at a steady pace in the past few years. The market has continued to gain significant profits across mature markets such as North America and Europe while also seeing encouraging growth across unconventional markets such as Asia Pacific and Latin America. Factors such as adoption of healthier lifestyles and the increasing concern for infectious diseases have been some of the key drivers of the market in the past years. There has been an increasing trend in the developed and the developing economies alike regarding the increasing use of homecare and hygiene products, which is expected to fuel the global demand for household cleaners. The increase in commercial use of household cleaners such as surface deodorizers and fabric refreshers has added to the demand for household cleaners. According to Transparency Market Research, the global household cleaners market was valued at US$ 27,468.6 mn in 2015, and is expected to reach US$ 39,400.9 mn by 2024, in terms of revenue. This will represent a CAGR of 4.1% from 2016 to 2024. Know Details Industry Information, Download Research Brochure@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Specialty Cleaners to Continue to Remain Dominant Product Variety On the basis of product type, the household cleaners market is segmented into surface cleaners, specialty cleaners, and bleaches. Of these, the segment of specialty cleaners held the dominant share in the global market in terms of revenue in 2015, accounting for over 60% of the market. Specialty cleaners are gaining importance with increasing sanitation standards in Asia Pacific. The segment of surface cleaners accounted for a share of 33.5% in in the market in 2015 and is expected to retain its influence on the development of the market in the next few years as well. The segment is expected to register a CAGR of 5.0% over the period between 2016 and 2024, emerging as the segment with the most promising growth rate over the said period. The segment of bleaches does not have a significant share in the household cleaners market owing to the harmful composition of most bleaches, which may lead to skin allergy, skin corrosion, and skin allergy among other effects. The market for bleaches is likely to expand at a CAGR of 2.3% during the forecast period and the segment is expected to suffer a decline in its overall share in the global market from 7.3% in 2015 to 6.2% in 2024. Asia Pacific to Take Lead as North America and Europe Markets Witness Sluggish Growth Geographically, North America is the dominant regional market for household cleaners in terms of revenue, accounting for over 31% of the global market in 2015, followed by Europe (28.5%). However, both being mature markets in terms of product awareness, there are a limited number of new incremental growth opportunities for the household cleaners market in these regions. Transparency Market Research estimates that these regional markets will see a significant reduction in their share in the global market by the end of the forecast period. Asia-Pacific is expected to be the most attractive market for household cleaners in terms of future growth potential. Rising awareness about following a healthy lifestyle and rising concerns about the adverse effects of infectious diseases on health are stimulating the demand for household cleaners in the region. The rapid pace of urbanization and significant changes in the living standards of people in emerging economies such as India and China are also expected to increase the demand for household cleaners in Asia Pacific. China is the dominant market for household cleaners in Asia Pacific, followed by India. The trend is expected to continue over the forecast period as well. Browse Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/household-cleaners-mar… Some of the key players in the global household cleaners market are Henkel AG & Company KGaA (Germany), Colgate Palmolive (U.S), Unilever (U.K), Procter & Gamble (U.S), Reckitt Benckiser Group plc (U.K), Bombril S.A (Brazil), McBride (U.K), Kao Corporation (Japan), Church & Dwight Co. Inc. (U.S), Godrej Consumer Products (India), S.C. JOHNSON & SON INC. (U.S), The Clorox Company (U.S), and Seventh Generation (U.S). About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Glass Tableware Market – Global Industry Trends and Forecast Analysis Next PostNext Car Rental Market – Global Industry Size, Share and Forecast Analysis Till 2024 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Deodorant Stick Market – Revenue, Opportunity, Segment and Key Trends 2017-2024 Global Deodorant Stick Market: Introduction Personal hygiene products are the first and foremost requirement for any individual and deodorant is a quintessential part of personal hygiene product that helps in preventing body odor. Deodorants come in various forms in the market namely sprays, roll on and sticks, creams, and wipes. Sprays are the traditional type of packaging deodorants and are still highly preferred by the consumers. On the other hand, deodorant sticks are still in its nascent stage, but they offer numerous advantages over sprays. They are safer to use as compared to sprays as it minimizes the chances of inhaling any harmful compound present in the deodorant formulation. Deodorant sticks are convenient to use as compared to sprays, which is why they are expected to gain traction over the forecast period. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/deodorant-stick-market… Deodorant Stick: Market Dynamics Rising consciousness among consumers towards their wellbeing is a major factor driving the growth of the global deodorant stick market. Rapid urbanization in developing economies is also fuelling the growth of the global deodorant stick market. Moreover, there are some chemical compound which are being banned to be used in deodorant formulations for sprays but are considered extremely safe for use in the deodorant stick. This factor is also fuelling the growth of the global deodorant stick market. There has been an upsurge in people working out for their fitness and deodorants the must haves for them to keep the sweat odor under check. This factor is also driving the global deodorant stick market. Concerns over the use of synthetic chemicals in the deodorant sticks is restraining the growth of the global deodorant stick market. Deodorant sticks made up of natural materials is a key trend prevailing in the global deodorant stick market as the manufacturers are replacing their formulations with the less harmful ones. New and innovative product launches to attract customers is likely to create an opportunity for the global deodorant stick market. Environmental friendly packaging is also a key trend followed by manufacturers to keep up with the intense competition in the market. Deodorant Stick: Market Segmentation The global deodorant stick market is segmented on the basis of product type and material. On the basis of product type, the global deodorant stick market is segmented into alcoholic and non-alcoholic deodorant sticks. Non-alcoholic deodorant sticks are gaining more preference over the alcoholic ones. Formulations that provide skin benefits such as hydration and whitening along with the odor removal are being preferred by manufacturers to increase their product demand. On the basis of material used for packaging, the global deodorant stick market is segmented into glass, metal, and plastic. Plastic packaging is the most preferred type for deodorant sticks. Glass packaging is the least preferred among the raw materials used. For more information on this report, fill the form @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Deodorant Stick Market: Regional Outlook On the basis of geography, global deodorant stick market is segmented into Asia Pacific, Latin America, North America, Middle East & Africa, and Europe. Europe is the leading market of deodorant sticks followed by North America and Asia Pacific. The deodorant stick market in Asia Pacific is likely to increase over the forecast period owing to the increasing disposable income of the consumers as well as the rising consciousness among people for personal hygiene. Changing lifestyle pattern in a country like India is also anticipated to drive the deodorant stick market in the Asia Pacific region. Deodorant Stick Market: Key players Key players of the global deodorant stick market are Avon Products Inc., Beiersdorf AG, Colgate-Palmolive Company, Henkel AG & Co. KGaA, Procter & Gamble Company, Unilever N.V, and Mandom Corporation. About TMR TMR is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact TMR 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Decker & Co. Adds Equity Capital Markets (ECM) Veteran Douglas Morin Next PostNext Rimini Street荣膺“年度最具创新力科技公司” Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
