HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Trading Nation Trading Nation Trading Nation Tutorials Trader Bios Videos Weigh in on the market Dollar duds: Surging dollar may be a reason to sell these stocks Rebecca Ungarino | @ungarino Tuesday, 10 Jan 2017 | 7:39 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Trading Nation: Dollar trouble for staples?    Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 2:43 PM ET | 02:52 If the dollar keeps rising, investors may want to rethink consumer staples holdings in their portfolios. The sector will face multiple headwinds in 2017 and see further downside, Goldman Sachs said Monday in a report that lowered its guidance for the group to cautious from neutral. Multinational companies feeling the effects of a stronger U.S. dollar, rising interest rates negatively impacting companies' valuations and "relatively less (if any) benefits" from impending changes in tax policy were cited as challenges ahead for consumer staples. The firm downgraded staples brands Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble from neutral to sell ratings in two reports Monday, and shares of both fell about 1 percent during the trading session. A stronger U.S. dollar was a principal concern in its downgrade of Coca-Cola. For Procter & Gamble, its price-to-earnings ratio of 21.6 times earnings was deemed too rich. A strengthening U.S. dollar means that sales in foreign currencies translates into less domestic revenue. Coca-Cola has seen the threat before. In its 2014 third-quarter earnings report, in which its revenue fell short of analysts' expectations, the company blamed currency-related headwinds against a stronger dollar. However, as the U.S. dollar index has rallied to 14-year highs since the presidential election, some strategists say these are not reasons to sell the names. "We still like several Consumer Staples companies, including KO [Coca-Cola] and PG [Procter & Gamble]. Consumer staples stocks actually have a slightly less foreign revenues than the broader S&P 500 index, with a little more [than] 35% of sales coming from outside the US," Erin Gibbs, equity chief investment officer at S&P Global, wrote Monday in an e-mail to CNBC, adding that she prefers Coca-Cola over Procter & Gamble. In other words, a little over one-third of the sector's revenue comes in non-U.S. dollars, and thus consumer staples do not face as large a headwind as anticipated, according to Gibbs. And while investors' preference for growth in a "risk-on" environment may pose uncertainty for consumer staples, the space is expecting moderate 6.3 percent earnings per share growth this year, which may look attractive to investors, Gibbs wrote. She prefers Coca-Cola over Procter & Gamble on a valuation basis. She said consumer staples could also benefit from lower corporate tax rates that President-elect Trump has proposed. Consumer staples — conventionally a defensive sector given the broad nature of frequently used household names in the space — is the second-worst performing sector in the S&P 500 (after health care) over the last year, up about 5.5 percent in that time. The Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR Fund ETF (XLP) is up about the same amount in the last year; Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola, respectively, are the fund's top-weighted holdings, followed by tobacco manufacturers Philip Morris and Altria. Max Wolff, market strategist at 55 Capital, sees concerns about a stronger U.S. dollar as overblown, although foreign exchange and heightened global trade volatility this year will still be a challenge for consumer staples. Rebecca UngarinoAssociate Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change XLP --- KO --- PG --- Trading Nation Here’s why tech could be your best bet this earnings season Tech could be your best bet in the new year, says one technical analyst. Why a stock-picking 'renaissance' may be comingg This solar stock is about to surge 15 percent — here’s how to play it: Trader Andrew Keene of AlphaShark is looking at one solar stock that he says will rally. Fool's gold? Traders say to get out of gold now — here’s why Bullion has staged a substantial comeback over the past three weeks, but some say it's time to take profits. More From Trading Nation Why the worst-performing stocks in the S&P 500 this year could be heading even lower Forget America — global stocks are about to stage a massive rebound: Technical analyst Sleepy Trump rally about to wake up according to this chart This iron stock is red hot this week, and there still may be time to strike Bet on Alphabet as tech starts to ‘re-emerge’: Trader This is the ‘age of discontent’ — and you need to invest accordingly, Wells Fargo says The 'Trump portfolio' is starting to slip — and it may be time for investors to bail The S&P 500 just experienced its smallest drop ever Bill Gross is wrong about bonds: Traders Dollar duds: Surging dollar may be a reason to sell these stocks Latest Special Reports Modern Medicine Take an in-depth look at the world of modern medicine - examining the treatments, companies and people making a difference in the way we treat illness and injuries today, and laying the foundation for the medical treatments of tomorrow. FinTech From Apple Pay to roboadvisors, the worlds of finance and technology are changing the way we live, work, spend money, and do business. CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Upstart 25 is a new original list of the bright young startups poised to become the great companies of tomorrow. About Trading Nation Trading Nation will offer enthusiast traders insights from a group of "Trader Coaches," a collection of expert CNBC Contributors who are well-versed in the daily challenges of trading. Each "Trader Coach" will have a different area of expertise, and will share their unique perspective on the markets, allowing new insights to emerge from this collaboration. Trading Nation is not simply about finding that next trade; it's a forum where enthusiast traders can hear and compare investing ideas in order to build confidence in their trading decisions. On-Air Video Trading Nation: Stocks react to Trump    Jonathan Krinsky, MKM Partners, and Dennis Davitt, Harvest Volatility Advisors, discuss President-elect Trump's affect on stocks with Brian Sullivan. Trading Nation: 2.6% the key level?    Craig Johnson, Piper Jaffray, and Boris Schlossberg, BK Asset Management, discuss Janus Capital's Bill Gross' view on 10-Year Treasury yields with Brian Sullivan. Trading Nation: Dollar trouble for staples?    Erin Gibbs, S&P Global, and Max Wolff, 55 Capital, discuss big name consumer staples with Brian Sullivan. @TradingNation Tweets by @TradingNation Host Brian Sullivan "Power Lunch" Co-Anchor Trading Nation Tutorials How to use the price-to-earnings ratio    Using support and resistance levels    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Stake Raised by Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. raised its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 1.6% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 51,551 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 800 shares during the period. Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $4,627,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Cohen & Steers Inc. boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 10,454.9% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 20,623,882 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,473,320,000 after buying an additional 20,428,486 shares during the last quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $426,390,000. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 167,926,302 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,218,321,000 after buying an additional 3,029,476 shares during the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 198.8% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 4,367,095 shares of the company’s stock worth $391,947,000 after buying an additional 2,905,755 shares during the last quarter. Finally, APG Asset Management N.V. boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 71.9% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 5,894,436 shares of the company’s stock worth $529,026,000 after buying an additional 2,465,900 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 67.28% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.74% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $84.40. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 11,000,579 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $83.92 and its 200 day moving average price is $85.88. The firm has a market cap of $225.85 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.51 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company has a one year low of $74.46 and a one year high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. The firm had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $16.49 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.86 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Stake Raised by Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc.” was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/10/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-stake-raised-by-punch-associates-investment-management-inc.html. A number of research analysts have issued reports on the company. Deutsche Bank AG cut Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $95.00 to $90.00 in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their target price for the stock from $95.00 to $85.00 in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Wells Fargo & Company reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $98.00 target price for the company in a report on Friday, October 14th. Finally, Vetr lowered Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 target price for the company. in a report on Monday, October 10th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $89.07. In other news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total transaction of $267,738.90. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,300,197.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Position Raised by KCG Holdings Inc. Next » Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Consumer Products The Ratings Game Get email alerts It’s time to sell Coca-Cola and P&G stocks, Goldman says By Tomi Kilgore Published: Jan 10, 2017 6:47 a.m. ET Share Warren Buffett, Coke’s largest shareholder, may disagree with analysts’ takes Reuters Coke’s largest shareholder Warren Buffett drinks up. By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor It’s time to sell the stocks of Coca-Cola Co. and Procter & Gamble Co., according to analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc., who turned bearish on the blue-chip consumer staples companies after being neutral on them for over three years. Goldman analyst Judy Hong downgraded Coke KO, -0.17%  to sell, citing expectations that sales growth this year will be “subpar” relative to the global nonalcoholic beverage market, and that the dollar’s strength could restrain earnings growth. She recommended investors focus on beer and energy drink providers over soft drink sellers. “We shift our preference back towards U.S.-centric names, as the recent strengthening of the [U.S. dollar] is causing -- once again -- a negative [earnings-per-share] revision cycle for multinationals and potential corporate tax reform proposals...are likely to disproportionately benefit higher tax-rate, U.S.-centric companies,” while weakness in emerging market currencies hurt demand in those countries,” Hong wrote in a note to clients. The ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, -0.02%  has surged about 7% since the end of September. See also: Pound hits multiweek lows on fresh Brexit worries. Coke’s stock, a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03% dropped 1% Monday. Hong cut her price target to $39, which is 5.6% below current levels, from $41. Analyst Jason English downgraded Procter & Gamble PG, +0.20%  to sell, citing concerns over valuation and the possibility that sales growth may have peaked. He expects sales weakness will be apparent in P&G’s fiscal second-quarter report, which is due out in late January. “Comparisons stiffen, efficacy of its U.S. promotional surge is in question given failure to translate into share gains and we see sustained market share vulnerability as it pursues its megabrand strategy in an environment of market fragmentation as barriers to entry shrink,” English wrote. He said the ratio of P&G’s stock price to earnings per share, which he said was at 21.6, was near the highest level in a decade, and is about 10% above its household and personal care peers. The stock, also a Dow component, shed 0.7% Monday. English slashed his stock-price target to $77, which is 8.8% below current levels, from $86. Coke’s stock has lost 0.5% over the past 12 months while P&G shares have gained 11.1%. In comparison, the Dow has run up 21.7% over the past year and the SPDR Consumer Staples Select Sector exchange-traded fund XLP, +0.06%  has tacked on 5.5%. Warren Buffett may disagree with Goldman Billionaire value investor Warren Buffett may beg to differ with Goldman’s take. The latest regulatory filings show that Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.B, +0.30% BRK.A, -0.14%  was Coke’s largest shareholder, owning 400 million shares, or 9.3% of the shares outstanding as of Sept. 30, 2016. Berkshire also owns a relatively small 315,400-share stake in P&G. Buffett, a Trump critic, scores post-election profits (1:31) Warren Buffett was a big critic of Donald Trump during the presidential campaign. Now his Berkshire Hathaway is trading at all-time highs in the postelection Wall Street rally. The price declines in Coke and P&G shares suggest Buffett may be losing about $168.2 million on his investments. Berkshire is also a major shareholder of fellow Dow component Goldman GS, +0.19% with about 11 million shares, or 2.8% of the bank’s shares outstanding, as of Sept. 30, 2016. Goldman’s stock eased slid 0.8% Monday, which could be shaving about $22 million off Buffett’s investment. More from MarketWatch Trump Press Conference: Five Announcements The Ex-British Spy Behind Trump Dossier: What We Know Obama Addresses His Legacy in Farewell Speech Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Quote References KO -0.07 -0.17% DXY -0.02 -0.02% DJIA -5.27 -0.03% PG +0.17 +0.20% XLP +0.03 +0.06% BRK.B +0.49 +0.30% BRK.A -349.85 -0.14% GS +0.46 +0.19% Show all references Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $40.88 -0.07 (-0.17%) Volume 8.0M Open $41.00 High $41.04 Low $40.69 P/E Ratio 24.78 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 176.3B U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 101.42 -0.02 (-0.02%) Volume 0 Open 101.42 High 101.55 Low 101.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Volume 263.8M Open 19,913 High 19,952 Low 19,849 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $84.01 +0.17 (+0.20%) Volume 6.7M Open $83.85 High $84.02 Low $83.44 P/E Ratio 23.37 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 224.8B Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLP $51.52 +0.03 (+0.06%) Volume 6.4M Open $51.49 High $51.62 Low $51.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3 Market Cap N/A Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: BRK.B $161.90 +0.49 (+0.30%) Volume 2.9M Open $161.81 High $163.13 Low $161.51 P/E Ratio 17.16 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 399.1B Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: BRK.A $242,500.05 -349.85 (-0.14%) Volume 367 Open $242,165 High $244,690 Low $242,165 P/E Ratio 17.13 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 399.1B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $244.30 +0.46 (+0.19%) Volume 4.1M Open $245.43 High $247.77 Low $242.91 P/E Ratio 19.47 Div Yield 1.06 Market Cap 97.1B LatestNews
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Goldman Sachs Blasts Procter & Gamble Stock as Too "Rich" to Own And slashes its price target by $9. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Jan 9, 2017 at 1:29PM Donald Trump's inauguration as president later this month could mean good news for a lot of stocks -- just not for Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG). This, in a nutshell, is what Goldman Sachs had to say about Procter & Gamble stock this morning, downgrading the stock from neutral to sell, and cutting its price target by $9 -- or 10% -- from $86 to just $77. At today's share price of $84 and change, Goldman is therefore predicting that Procter & Gamble will give back most of last year's 11% gains over the course of 2017. Here are three more things you need to know. Goldman Sachs sees a long aisle ahead of Procter & Gamble, and no future for the stock. Image source: Getty Images. 1. "a relative laggard" As explained in a write-up on StreetInsider.com this morning, Goldman Sachs believes that Procter & Gamble stock is essentially a victim of its own success: "Given PG's size, we view needle-moving M&A as unlikely." Neither will the company benefit greatly from corporate tax cuts or new, beneficial rates on repatriation of foreign-earned income -- because P&G has a "relatively small international cash balance." But here's the most important reason Goldman thinks that Procter & Gamble stock will underperform this year, and calls it "a relative laggard": The stock simply costs too much. "In a still relatively rich sector," says Goldman, "PG stands out with its absolute P/E still near a decade high of 21.6x." This P/E ratio values Procter & Gamble roughly 10% higher than its competitors, while the stock's "EV/EBITDA multiple" of 15.4 sits 16% above "the 13.3x peer average." 2. But not the only laggard Goldman Sachs' condemnation of Procter & Gamble stock this morning was harsh -- but it wasn't the only stock the analyst called out for costing too much. Also marked down with a red pen was Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), which Goldman assigned a sell rating (and a $39 price target). Coke, says Goldman, faces significant headwinds from trying to sell dollar-denominated soda internationally, to a world that values the dollar too highly -- making Coke products even more expensive. The analyst warns that this will result in "sub-par" sales growth in 2017, and cause investors to value Coke's earnings at a lower price multiple -- perhaps 19 times earnings, rather than 20. The result, says Goldman, will be a $39 stock price at the end of this year, which implies a smaller-than-Procter potential loss of 6% on Coca-Cola stock -- but still a loss. 3. Something better So if not Procter & Gamble or Coke, what consumer goods stock does Goldman think you should buy this year? Believe it or not, Philip Morris International (NYSE:PM). While Goldman Sachs is no longer enthusiastic enough to keep Philip Morris stock on its conviction list, and in fact cut the stock from that list this morning, Goldman still rates Philip Morris International a buy. According to the analyst, 2017 could be the year that iQOS "Marlboro HeatSticks" will break out internationally, contributing perhaps 2.8% to Philip Morris' total sales. Goldman believes that Philip Morris stock, currently priced just over $91 a share, will hit $102 this year, resulting in a 12% profit -- 16.5% after including dividends. Final thing: Valuing the options Is Goldman Sachs right in preferring Philip Morris stock over Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola? Valued on trailing earnings (and forward earnings as well, for that matter), Philip Morris is clearly the cheapest of the three stocks. Its 22 P/E ratio is 9% cheaper than Procter & Gamble's 24 P/E, and 13% cheaper than Coke at 25.3. Additionally, analysts estimate that Philip Morris will grow earnings nearly as fast as Procter & Gamble over the next five years -- 7.8% versus 8% -- and several times faster than Coke's projected 1.8% long-term growth rate. Additionally, Philip Morris' 4.5% dividend yield is higher than what Coke (3.4%) and Procter & Gamble (3.2%) pay. Personally, I still don't think Philip Morris' total expected return (growth rate, plus dividend yield) of 12.3% justifies the 22 P/E ratio. But Goldman Sachs does have at least one point right: Relative to Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola stock, Philip Morris is the cheapest stock of the three. If investing in big, international blue chips is your thing, it's probably the best option available right now. Fool contributor Rich Smith does not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above. You can find him on Motley Fool CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handle TMFDitty, where he currently ranks No. 359 out of more than 75,000 rated members. The Motley Fool recommends Coca-Cola. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 1:29PM Consumer Goods Stocks Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $40.88 down $0.07 (-0.17%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $84.01 up $0.17 (0.20%) Philip Morris International NYSE:PM $90.40 down $0.11 (-0.12%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Procter & Gamble Co 5 Must-See Slides From Procter & Gamble Co.'s Analyst Presentation Why Procter & Gamble Co. Gained Only 6% in 2016 5 Things to Know Before You Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Goldman Sachs Blasts Procter & Gamble Stock as Too "Rich" to Own #stocks $KO, $PG, $PM
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     Mr. Clean Super Bowl 2017 Ad Coming Posted: Jan 9 2017, 6:38am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Super Bowl   This story may contain affiliate links. Photo Credit: Getty Images   Procter & Gamble Co. will run the first Mr. Clean Super Bowl ad ever at the Super Bowl LI. Consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble Co. will buy an Super Bowl 2017 ad slot for its Mr. Clean brand. This is the first Super Bowl commercial for the iconic cleaning brand. Don't Miss: The Hottest CES 2017 Highlights Mr. Clean is  the Official Cleaner of Super Bowl LI and. The Mr. Clean Super Bowl 2017 ad will be 30 seconds long and air during the third quarter according to AdAge. The Mr. Clean has been introduced back in 1958. The all-purpose cleaner and melamine foam cleaner is a household name in the United States and under different names around the world. In Germany Mr. Clean is Meister Proper. French consumers call him Monsieur Propre. We already kicked off our Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertiser list, where now Mr. Clean is also featured. Find out who puts down the more than $5 million for a 30 second spot in the Super Bowl 2017 broadcast on Fox. The Super Bowl 2017 will take place in the NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. It is Fox's turn to broadcast the Super Bowl 2017. Pepsi is again the sponsor of the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. The full official title of the show between the first and second halftime is pretty long winded: Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. In October the NFL already announced the Super Bowl LI half-time show performer. Lady Gaga will perform the Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show. The Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show is the most-watched musical event of the year. More than 116.5 million viewers in the U.S. watched last year's show. Super Bowl LI and Halftime Show will be broadcast by FOX Sports from NRG Stadium in Houston. Super Bowl LI marks Pepsi's fifth year as title sponsor of the Super Bowl Halftime Show and 15th year as an NFL partner.  Find out everything to know about the Super Bowl LI in the Super Bowl 2017 Facts.   I4U News will again like in previous years provide full coverage of the Super Bowl 51 ads. Take a look at the best Super Bowl ads from last year. Read the latest Super Bowl 2017 News. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News The Car Super Bowl 2017 Ads 3 days ago, 9:26am CST Reserve Your Super Bowl LI Tickets and Pay only if Your Team Makes it to the Big Game 3 days ago, 8:04am CST Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertisers 3 days ago, 4:08am CST Buick Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Announced 3 days ago, 4:06am CST No BMW Super Bowl 2017 Ad Coming 3 days ago, 3:41am CST Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 8 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 9 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 11 hours ago, 10:10am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 11 hours ago, 10:04am CST 64GB Apple TV: It Might Be Useful After All 11 hours ago, 9:51am CST Andy Rubin Is Working On A High-end Bezel Less Modular Smartphone 11 hours ago, 9:43am CST Wearable Sensors can Tell When you’re Getting Sick 12 hours ago, 8:14am CST New Technology can Diagnose Diseases using Cell Phone Photos 14 hours ago, 6:48am CST Sulphuric Acid Clouds caused Darkness, cold, killing Dinosaurs 17 hours ago, 3:51am CST Why Uber is bullish on Carpooling, Ride-sharing in India 17 hours ago, 3:41am CST Featured News $299.99 Nintendo Switch On Sale March 3, Pre-order Now Pre-order of Nintendo Switch Starts Friday at Nintendo Store   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 New Gibbon Species is Named after Star Wars’ Luke Skywalker Super Bowl The Car Super Bowl 2017 Ads 3 days ago, 9:26am CST Reserve Your Super Bowl LI Tickets and Pay only if Your Team Makes it to the Big Game 3 days ago, 8:04am CST Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertisers 3 days ago, 4:08am CST Buick Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Announced 3 days ago, 4:06am CST More Super Bowl Stories Latest News Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 8 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 9 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 11 hours ago, 10:10am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 11 hours ago, 10:04am CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St set for lower open, with Dow staying adrift of 20,000 By Reuters Published: 09:14 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 09:14 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 9 (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open slightly lower on Monday as oil prices slipped, while a drop in P&G and Coca-Cola could keep the Dow Jones Industrial Average from hitting the historic 20,000 mark. P&G and Coke were down 1.2 percent after Goldman Sachs downgraded both the consumer staple stocks. Dow e-minis were down 48 points, or 0.24 percent, with 18,608 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were down 3.25 points, or 0.14 percent, with 88,660 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 1.5 points, or 0.03 percent, on volume of 17,200 contracts. The Dow hit a record 19,999.63 points on Friday, while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also hit all-time highs, after a late pop in Apple and other technology stocks. Wall Street has rallied since Donald Trump won the U.S. election in November as investors bet he will introduce business-friendly policies. But the rally has led to lofty valuations - the S&P is trading at about 17 times expected earnings, compared to its 10-year average of 14. That could make investors cautious as they gear up for the fourth-quarter earnings season. "The market is building drama around 20,000 and if and when we get promising earnings reports, the Dow will go through the point like a hot knife through butter," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, New Jersey. The first peek into how companies fared last quarter will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks, including JPMorgan , Bank of America and Wells Fargo. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Oil prices fell more than 2 percent on Monday as signs of growing U.S. production outweighed optimism that other producers were sticking to a deal to cut supply to bolster prices. Boston Federal Reserve President Eric Rosengren on Monday called for the U.S. central bank to step up its pace of interest-rate hikes, warning of inflation risks if it did not. Among stocks, Dow component UnitedHealth slipped 0.5 percent to $161.58 premarket after its Optum unit said it would buy Surgical Care Affiliates Inc for about $2.30 billion. Surgical Care's stock was up 15 percent. VCA Inc, which runs hospitals for animals, soared nearly 29 percent to $91 premarket after Mars Inc said it would buy the company for $7.7 billion. DaVita's shares lost 4.7 percent to $62.7 after the company and Germany's Fresenius Medical said they got subpoenas from federal prosecutors relating to a charity that helps patients pay for kidney dialysis. Healthcare stocks will be in focus for the day as a number of companies present at J.P. Morgan's healthcare conference. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections News Obituaries State Courts/Police Data Center Business Stocks Election Coughlin Sept. 11: Life Forever Changed School Work: Wilkes-Barre Area projects Veterans Graduation Amazing Kids Valley Santa Sports Olympics Varsity Voice Varsity570 Gameface RailRiders Penguins College Triathlon Hooper Award Classic Fantasy Football Wildlife Penn State National Sports Arts & Living Bazaars Community JumpStart! Calendar Games People Food and Drink Schools Hot Shot Couponing Festivals Blogs Penn State Blog RailRiders Varsity Voice Penguins Insider College Corner Take 2 Blog Editor's Note Photo Blog Wildlife Blog Facebook The Citizens' Voice CV Sports JumpStart! Pittston Progress NEPA Bazaars Submit Send in community announcements, new tips, weddings, engagements and anniversaries Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Contact Presspass Become a carrier Trial Print Subscriptions Print Advertising Opinion Editorials Letters Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace e-Edition Subscribe READ THE CITIZENS' VOICE Access the Citizens' Voice e-Edition on your computer or smart device in its original print format. Home delivery subscribers can read it free! Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Citizens' Voice on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at citizensvoice.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. News • Obituaries • Sports • Arts & Living • Contact • Opinion • e-Edition • Classifieds Feds: Larksville man contaminated co-workers' lunches with semen Most Read Recent Comments Faces of addiction: Those who know region’s overdose epidemic best share hard truths WVW Middle School Honor Roll W-B police union reps: Officer accused of excessive force was treated unfairly Dallas native’s album inspired by Northeastern Pa. Trump/Clinton cardboard cutouts big for Wilkes-Barre business Obituaries Amato, Joseph C. Bertoni, Marion Ceccoli III, Frederick Cramer, Mary E. Drugash, Anna M. Garber, Mary K. Guido, Wilma M. Kriel, Julia Mehalick Marek, Theresa Ann Minichello, Marc E. By Bob Kalinowski (Staff Writer) / Published: October 13, 2011 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     The Larksville man charged by the FBI in a food contamination plot repeatedly injected his semen into the lunches of female co-workers, authorities confirmed Wednesday. Authorities said Joseph Bartorillo secretly injected semen into yogurt two female co-workers brought for lunch at the Procter & Gamble paper products facility in Wyoming County. Details continued to emerge Wednesday in the case that came to light Tuesday when federal prosecutors announced the 60-year-old was facing food tampering charges in the semen-spreading plot. Wyoming County District Attorney Jeff Mitchell vowed Bartorillo would face more charges on the state level. "I have never seen a situation like this before," Mitchell said. "It's definitely very unique." Mitchell detailed how investigators became aware of the crime, but wouldn't specify what led them to Bartorillo, a veteran employee who is married and has no criminal history. "The victims began to notice something was wrong with their yogurts - there were pin marks," Mitchell explained, noting the yogurt also smelled and tasted bad. Mitchell said the victims knew something was wrong, but didn't know what. Authorities are still trying to determine a motive for the crime, which occurred at least 13 times between July 2010 and May of this year, the district attorney said. Mitchell stressed that no Procter and Gamble products were contaminated. Alex Fried, spokesman at Procter and Gamble's plant in Washington Township, said Bartorillo is no longer an employee. "The situation he was involved in did not involve any product we make or sell," Fried said. The plant employs about 2,200 people, he said. "As soon as we were made aware of this, we investigated. We sought the assistance of law enforcement because the safety of our employees is of utmost concern," Fried said. "Law enforcement authorities determined it happened outside of production area, plus we have a robust quality assurance system to ensure high quality and supervision of our products." Fried also wouldn't say how Bartorillo was caught. In a news release Tuesday, U.S. Attorney Peter Smith noted that all of the tainted containers were recovered and the public was not in danger. Court documents filed in the case indicate Bartorillo reached a plea deal with prosecutors that calls for a two-year federal prison sentence. "He's cooperated with them for well over two months, and there is an agreement worked out - the details I can't get into yet," said Bartorillo's attorney Demetrius Fannick. "I can tell you it was a confined incident. There is no danger to the public. He's doing what he's supposed to be doing right now (by cooperating)." A judge could reject Bartorillo's plea with federal officials and sentence him up to 10 years in federal prison, court documents say. Bartorillo's federal charges deal mainly with the business side of the crime, while the state charges will be for the actions against the victims, Mitchell said. A vehicle was in the driveway at Bartorillo's home in Larksville on Wednesday, but no one answered the door. bkalinowski@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2055 We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 75 N. Washington St. Wilkes-Barre, PA 18701 (570) 821-2000 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Citizens' Voice PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND WILKES-BARRE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Terrible Reasons to Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock If you buy shares of the consumer goods giant for one of these reasons, you're likely to be disappointed. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 10, 2017 at 12:01PM Image source: Procter & Gamble. Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) finally has momentum on its side. Its latest quarterly report showed broad sales volume growth, which makes it likely that it will post improved revenue gains this year after two straight years of declines. A slimmer cost profile should also help the consumer goods titan deliver on its annual profit growth targets after a falling short in each of the past two years. A P&G stock purchase isn't without risks, though. Below, I'll highlight a few of the worst reasons to buy P&G shares today. Betting on a quick rebound There's no reason to count on a quick return to impressive sales gains. Industry growth rates are slowing, not speeding up, and that headwind is sure to keep pressure on both the top and bottom lines. Just consider what P&G's competitors are saying about the market right now. "We experienced a more challenging economic and competitive environment" in the third quarter, Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB) CEO Thomas Falk told investors in late October after the company's growth rate slowed to zero. Unilever (NYSE:UL) sounded the same bell, saying "consumer demand remained weak and volumes have slowed further" in the industry. Meanwhile, P&G is still watching its market share tick lower even as it manages to reverse the slide in a few categories. Combine the sluggish industry trends with competitive challenges, and it's no surprise that the company forecasts just 2% organic growth in fiscal 2017. Yes, that's an improvement over the prior year's 1% uptick, but it's far from the 3% to 5% gains that P&G used to enjoy. Investors shouldn't bet on the new and improved portfolio delivering soaring revenue, either. After cutting 100 slower-growing, less profitable brands from the business, P&G finally has the exact mix of products that it wants. However, the management team has been clear that it will take time before the faster growth rate emerges. Aiming for fast dividend growth P&G has one of the longest-running dividend growth streaks on the market, but its pace of hikes has slowed to an absolute crawl. The payout rose at a double-digit rate for most of the 2000s, then fell to 7% for fiscal 2012 through 2014, before plummeting to just a 1% uptick in 2016. Data source: P&G financial filings. Chart by author.  The good news is that profits are finally moving higher. However, the dividend still takes up an uncomfortably large chunk of earnings (roughly 70%), and so management is limited in its ability to deliver market-thumping raises until that ratio falls back down toward 50%. There's no such limitation around stock buybacks, which is the main avenue through which P&G is boosting its overall cash returns to shareholders these days. Yet income investors who are gunning for fast dividend growth, and not just a shrinking share count, should look elsewhere. Buying a blue chip stock on the cheap Despite years of trailing the market, P&G's stock doesn't look like a screaming bargain right now. In fact, it is valued at 23 times earnings, for a slight premium over both Unilever and Kimberly-Clark, even though these rivals have been posting consistently stronger organic growth. Investors were able to scoop up P&G shares at less 19 times earnings as recently as 2014 before the profit slump pushed its price-to-earnings ratio to unusually high levels. The stock's 6% increase last year made it one of the worst-performing members of the Dow, but it still reflected rising optimism that P&G will soon be expanding at a faster organic growth pace while enjoying higher profitability. If it hits those targets, then the stock will have earned its premium valuation. That's far from a sure thing, though, and investors could just as easily see stubbornly weak results from P&G for a third straight fiscal year. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 10, 2017 at 12:01PM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $41.46 down $0.11 (-0.26%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $84.01 up $0.17 (0.20%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $114.59 up $0.13 (0.11%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Procter & Gamble Co 5 Must-See Slides From Procter & Gamble Co.'s Analyst Presentation Why Procter & Gamble Co. Gained Only 6% in 2016 5 Things to Know Before You Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Terrible Reasons to Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock #stocks $UL, $PG, $KMB
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     Febreze Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Coming Posted: Jan 10 2017, 2:35am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Super Bowl   This story may contain affiliate links.   The Procter & Gamble Co. brand Febreze is getting a Super Bowl commercial. The Febreze Super Bowl 2017 ad will be a 30 seconds long and produced by the Grey agency in New York. The Febreze commercial will be running in the second quarter, according to AdAge. Don't Miss: NES Classic Alternatives are Cheaper Febreze is a brand of household odor eliminators manufactured by Procter & Gamble that was introduced about 20 years ago. The odor killer for fabrics has evolved into a whole line-up of specialized products. Procter & Gamble has not yet revealed any details about the Febreze Super Bowl 2017 ad and which Febreze product will be featured. As reported, Procter & Gamble also runs a Mr. Clean Super Bowl 2017 commercial.  The Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertiser list is now also listing Febreze as a brand that will get a Super Bowl 2017 commercial. Find out who puts down the more than $5 million for a 30 second spot in the Super Bowl 2017 broadcast on Fox. The Super Bowl 2017 will take place in the NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. It is Fox's turn to broadcast the Super Bowl 2017. Pepsi is again the sponsor of the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. The full official title of the show between the first and second halftime is pretty long winded: Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. In October the NFL already announced the Super Bowl LI half-time show performer. Lady Gaga will perform the Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show. The Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show is the most-watched musical event of the year. More than 116.5 million viewers in the U.S. watched last year's show. Super Bowl LI and Halftime Show will be broadcast by FOX Sports from NRG Stadium in Houston. Super Bowl LI marks Pepsi's fifth year as title sponsor of the Super Bowl Halftime Show and 15th year as an NFL partner.  Find out everything to know about the Super Bowl LI in the Super Bowl 2017 Facts.   I4U News will again like in previous years provide full coverage of the Super Bowl 51 ads. Take a look at the best Super Bowl ads from last year. Read the latest Super Bowl 2017 News. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News The Car Super Bowl 2017 Ads 3 days ago, 9:26am CST Reserve Your Super Bowl LI Tickets and Pay only if Your Team Makes it to the Big Game 3 days ago, 8:04am CST Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertisers 3 days ago, 4:08am CST Buick Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Announced 3 days ago, 4:06am CST No BMW Super Bowl 2017 Ad Coming 3 days ago, 3:41am CST Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 7 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 9 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 10 hours ago, 10:10am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST 64GB Apple TV: It Might Be Useful After All 10 hours ago, 9:51am CST Andy Rubin Is Working On A High-end Bezel Less Modular Smartphone 10 hours ago, 9:43am CST Wearable Sensors can Tell When you’re Getting Sick 12 hours ago, 8:14am CST New Technology can Diagnose Diseases using Cell Phone Photos 13 hours ago, 6:48am CST Sulphuric Acid Clouds caused Darkness, cold, killing Dinosaurs 16 hours ago, 3:51am CST Why Uber is bullish on Carpooling, Ride-sharing in India 16 hours ago, 3:41am CST Featured News $299.99 Nintendo Switch On Sale March 3, Pre-order Now Pre-order of Nintendo Switch Starts Friday at Nintendo Store   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 New Gibbon Species is Named after Star Wars’ Luke Skywalker Super Bowl The Car Super Bowl 2017 Ads 3 days ago, 9:26am CST Reserve Your Super Bowl LI Tickets and Pay only if Your Team Makes it to the Big Game 3 days ago, 8:04am CST Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertisers 3 days ago, 4:08am CST Buick Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Announced 3 days ago, 4:06am CST More Super Bowl Stories Latest News Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 7 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 9 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 10 hours ago, 10:10am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Finance > Mars Expands in Pet Care with $7.7 Billion Purchase of VCA Mars Expands in Pet Care with $7.7 Billion Purchase of VCA Jan 9, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Mars had already been building out its pet business, including both food and hospital care. The company owns Banfield Pet Hospital and BluePearl Veterinary Partners, and it’s acquired pet-food brands from Procter & Gamble Co. VCA Advertisement Candy giant Mars Inc., facing a slowdown in packaged food, is making a bigger bet on a booming industry: pet care. The maker of M&Ms and Snickers agreed to buy the animal-hospital chain VCA Inc. for about $7.7 billion on January 9 -- not including debt -- expanding on its existing veterinary-care business. Mars will pay $93 a share in cash, a 31% premium to VCA’s closing price of $70.77 on January 6. The acquisition turns Mars into a dominant company in corporate-owned pet hospitals, an area that’s exploded in recent years -- helped by Americans treating their pets more like family members. It also could help bolster Mars’s current pet brands, including Pedigree and Whiskas. Popular Now Dyson Hire From Tesla Stokes Electric Car Expectations Top 10 Manufacturing Countries in 2020 Top 25 Supply Chains of 2015 At a time when human food isn’t growing as quickly, the deal may make more sense for Mars than buying another snack business, said Ken Shea, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. “They see growth and they see diversity,” he said. “Why double down on food when it’s not growing that fast?” The total value for the deal is about $9.1 billion, including $1.4 billion in outstanding debt. Shares of VCA, which trade under the ticker WOOF, surged as much as 29% to $91.03 on January 9 after the transaction was announced. Closely held Mars had already been building out its pet business, including both food and hospital care. The company owns Banfield Pet Hospital and BluePearl Veterinary Partners, and it’s acquired pet-food brands from Procter & Gamble Co. VCA, meanwhile, operates almost 800 animal hospitals in the U.S. and Canada. Grocery Slowdown The deeper push into the pet business by Mars comes as large packaged-food companies are struggling with flagging sales. Changing consumer tastes, particularly a desire for less processed foods, has made it difficult for the companies that have dominated grocery-store shelves. Efforts to reduce sugar intake have struck an additional blow to candy makers such as Mars. That’s added pressure to diversify their portfolios. Spending on pets has surged in the U.S., fueled by the “humanization” of dogs and cats. Americans spent $35 billion on veterinary care in 2015. VCA, a pioneer in the field, has grown by buying up hundreds of veterinary hospitals -- an approach that’s now being adopted by rival companies. Mars, based in McLean, Va., expects the VCA deal to be completed in the third quarter. “VCA is a leader across pet health care and the opportunity we see together -- for pets, pet owners, veterinarians and other pet-care providers -- is tremendous,” Mars CEO Grant Reid said. By Zachary Tracer and Craig Giammona Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles P&G Sells Most Pet-care Assets to Mars for $2.9 Billion Danaher's Big Deals -- Purchasing Pall for $13.8 Billion, Splitting in Two Keurig Purchased by Private Investors for $13.9 Billion Airbus Purchase Expands ‘Flight Operations’ Technologies 1 Canada Accuses Nestle, Mars of Chocolate Price-Fixing THE LATEST Ball Corporation: Finding Innovation Everywhere Microsoft Buys Canadian AI Startup Maluuba Dyson Hire From Tesla Stokes Electric Car Expectations Lockheed Tells Trump It Will Lower F-35’s Costs, Create New Jobs Takata, Three Executives Charged in US on Faulty Air Bags China Investors Have Money, Want Biotech and Don’t Fear Trump More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 9, 2017 News IndustryWeek Manufacturing Super-Luxury Autos in the US, and Hoping for Karma Points 2 The chief revenue officer of Karma Automotive talks about bringing Fisker electric hybrid designs back from the brink of bankruptcy....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Why Tax Reduction Will Not Create Jobs Tesla Unveils Pricing Structure for Supercharging Stations 15 Facts That Can't Be Ignored About US Manufacturing Mitsubishi on the Hot Seat as Japan Rethinks Culture of Long Work Hours Meet Leo: King of the 3D Scanners IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems Cross-Sector Success Guide for SCADA Trends in Accelerating Performance Improvements More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks NewsWatch Get email alerts Stock-market bulls may get scorched by ‘Icarus trade’ in 2017 By MarketWatch Published: Jan 9, 2017 5:00 p.m. ET Share By MarketWatch MARKETWATCH FRONT PAGE Stocks may have further to run in the first half of 2017, but bulls run the risk of getting scorched over the longer term warns Bank of America Merrill Lynch. See full story. It’s time to sell Coca-Cola and P&G stocks, Goldman says It’s time to sell the stocks of Dow industrials components Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble, say analysts at Goldman Sachs, which might not please Warren Buffett, who is Coke’s largest shareholder. See full story. 10 years later some people are still holding onto their original iPhones A 2007 iPhone will cost you between 75 cents and $30,000. See full story. Got millionaire envy? This chart can help By saving just $750 a month, you, too, could find yourself among the millionaire elite by the time 2042 rolls around. Of course, you’ll need to register the kind annual returns typically reserved for Wall Street’s top dogs to make that happen. See full story. The Trump oil trade and why oil might soon reach $100 again Today we are at the beginning of another large rally for oil stocks, says Kirk Spano. There are several catalysts for this move. See full story. MARKETWATCH PERSONAL FINANCE This concerned sister wants to find a way to protect her whole family. See full story. More from MarketWatch As the iPhone Turns 10, What's Next for Smartphones? Obama Addresses His Legacy in Farewell Speech Trump: Russians Behind Hacks but Haven’t Compromised Him Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.41% 30 yr fixed 4.03% 15 yr fixed 3.18% 10 yr fixed 3.08% 30 yr fixed refi 4.07% 15 yr fixed refi 3.19% 5/1 ARM 3.29% 5/1 ARM refi 3.5% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.57% $50K HELOC 4.64% $75K HELOC 4.64% $100K HELOC 4.34% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.54% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.08% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.2% 2 yr CD 0.75% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.23% MMA $50K+ 0.36% MMA Savings 0.31% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.35% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.09% 36 Mo Used Car 3.23% 72 Mo New Car 3.44% 60 Mo New Car 3.15% 48 Mo New Car 3.06% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.91% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.16% 12.16% 11.98% Business 13.39% 13.37% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.61% 14.60% 14.38% Airline 15.35% 15.35% 15.08% Reward 15.44% 15.44% 15.29% Cash Back 15.51% 15.51% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.00% 18.00% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 Source : Last Updated: Mon, Jan 09, 2017 22:20 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Oil prices fall 2.5 pct, energy index top index loser * Health sector gains on string of multi-billion dollar deals * Tech stocks surge push Nasdaq to record high * Dow down 0.13 pct, S&P down 0.11 pct, Nasdaq up 0.19 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices) By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 9 (Reuters) - Declines in bank and energy companies weighed on Wall Street on Monday, distancing the Dow from the 20,000 mark, while gains in technology stocks pushed the Nasdaq to a record intraday high. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, with Goldman Sachs's 0.7 percent decline weighing the most. P&G and Coca-Cola dropped 0.9 percent after Goldman downgraded both the consumer staple stocks. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, led by the energy sector's 1.3 percent drop. Oil prices fell 2.5 percent on concerns that rising U.S. output could dampen the impact of a recent deal among major producers to limit output. The declines meant the Dow stayed shy of the psychologically significant 20,000 mark. It came tantalizingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 11:08 a.m. ET (1608 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 26.53 points, or 0.13 percent, at 19,937.27. The S&P 500 was down 2.48 points, or 0.11 percent, at 2,274.5 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.27 points, or 0.19 percent, at 5,531.32. The Nasdaq hit a high of 5,538.295. The tech sector was the top gainer. Apple , which is celebrating the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, was up 1.1 percent at $119.14, after hitting a 13-month high of $119.30. "As we move into the next couple of weeks, the focus will move towards the micro and to specific company earnings and expectation going forward," Jones said. The first peek into how companies fared will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. A string of multi-billion dollar healthcare deals boost the sector on Monday. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after Mars Inc said it would buy the company for $7.7 billion. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.6 percent. Acuity Brands fell 12.3 percent to $207.51 after the lighting solutions provider gave a disappointing sales forecast. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,667 to 1,167. On the Nasdaq, 1,562 issues fell and 1,149 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 37 new highs and 11 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Adweek Blog Network: TVNewser| TVSpy| LostRemote| AgencySpy| PRNewser| SocialTimes| FishbowlNY| FishbowlDC| GalleyCat This Is (Not for) Us Why Fox handed the season's biggest new show to NBC Failing Pile of Garbage BuzzFeed's flash sale of 'garbage' merchandise raises $25,000 for CPJ Subscribe to Adweek Get a full year of print and digital editions for just $69 The Press Television Technology Advertising & Branding Adfreak Video SUBSCRIBE X Magazine Subscription Subscribe to Adweek Magazine and get the iPad edition for free! Subscribe Now Headlines: Press: Billboard Buys Spin and Vibe i… TV: Gus Fring Was Behind That Clev… Tech: AOL's New 360° and Live Video… Ads & Brands: The American Apparel Brand Won… Leo Burnett Names Investor and Starcom Vet Andrew Swinand as North American CEO Agency also acquires 2 new companies By Patrick Coffee January 9, 2017, 10:25 AM EST Advertising & Branding Swinand spent a decade with the Publicis media agency. Publicis Groupe Leo Burnett has hired Publicis Groupe veteran, consultant and venture capitalist Andrew Swinand to serve as its North American chief executive officer. Swinand, who spent more than a decade in leadership positions at Publicis media agency Starcom MediaVest Group, succeeds Rich Stoddart, who has simultaneously served as global and North American chief executive at Leo Burnett since his promotion last January. In an internal memo sent to all staff on Sunday, Publicis Worldwide CEO Arthur Sadoun called Swinand "a truly respected and thoughtful leader and a familiar face to many of us within Publicis Groupe," adding, "I truly believe in his ability to drive this transformation in North America for one of our biggest operations." The incoming chief executive ran P&G's Secret account at Starcom and later became president of that agency's Chicago office after working as an account supervisor at BBDO and an in-house brand manager with P&G. In hiring Swinand, Leo Burnett also acquired his two most recent businesses: analytics software maker Ardent IO and startup incubator The Abundancy. According to Sadoun's memo, these two companies will act as natural partners in helping Publicis develop data-based "custom content" for its clients. Sixty employees from the two organizations will also become Leo Burnett Chicago staffers later this month. "The challenge every brand faces is to get chosen. Thanks to our technology, it's possible to predict what people want so that brands can respond with experiences that are truly meaningful," said Swinand in a statement. "By combining our data-driven insights with Leo Burnett's award-winning creative capabilities, we will make Leo Burnett's HumanKind approach more powerful than ever before in helping our clients." Swinand will report to Publicis Communications North American CEO Andrew Bruce while working closely with Stoddart (who will retain the title of global chief) and Judy John, who serves as both CEO of Leo Burnett Canada and chief creative officer of the larger North American organization. Publicis looks to make 2017 a rebound year for Leo Burnett after its North American network lost the nearly $1 billion McDonald's account to Omnicom last August. Longtime client General Motors also put its GMC brand into review the following month after the Detroit offices of Burnett and DigitasLBi merged, forming the "Engage M-1" unit in order to more effectively serve the client. Leo Burnett will continue to partner with GM as Buick's agency of record even if it does not win the GMC review, though it did recently part with the chief creative officer who had been overseeing all global General Motors work since 2013. In the memo, Sadoun positioned Swinand's hire as evidence of Publicis Groupe's efforts to "reinforce" the Leo Burnett organization while doubling down on its "Power of One" strategy. This consolidation-heavy approach has recently helped the holding company score new business in North America with USAA, Walmart and MillerCoors; the latter two wins occurred without a formal agency review process. Get the Advertising & Branding newsletter: Check out our other newsletters: Daily Digest Brandweek Technology Today The AdFreak Daily Advertising & Branding Television Today Television Upfront Digital Content NewFronts Promotions & Offers   Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a confirmation email. Topics: Andrew Swinand, Leo Burnett, NVA, Publicis Groupe, Rich Stoddart, Agency Subscribe to Adweek today. Now on the iPad! About the Author Patrick Coffee is editor of AgencySpy. Follow Comments View the discussion thread. 1 1 Email Print Print Print ✕ Close Advertisement Featured Jobs Account Director Happy Medium Working from home Social Media Strategist Oceana Washington, D.C. Audience Development Manager LADDERS New York City, New York News Producer News 12 Woodbury, New York Zeppelin Hall Beer Garden Social Media Strategist Grand Street Property Management Downtown Jersey City See More Jobs Editor's Picks Without Game of Thrones, HBO Will Rely on The Young Pope and Murderous Moms The Obamas Gave an Intimate Behind-the-Scenes Virtual Reality Tour of the White House Ad of the Day: Pearle Vision's Touching New Ad Stars a Boy and His Very Special Glasses The 10 Most Watched Ads on YouTube in December 3 Ways Marketers Can Meet Today's New Standards for Engaging Consumers Fox’s New 24: Legacy Hero Is on the Run in the World Trade Center Oculus Never Mind the Trump Boycott, 50,000 People Are Still Waiting for Bean Boots The Week's 10 Most Digitally Engaging Ads Advertisement Adweek Blog Network Follow @Adweek Leo Burnett has hired Publicis Groupe veteran, consultant and venture capitalist Andrew Swinand to serve as its North American chief executive officer. Swinand, who spent more than a decade in leadership positions at Publicis media agency Starcom MediaVest Group, succeeds Rich Stoddart, who has simultaneously served as global and North American chief executive at Leo Burnett since his promotion last January. In an internal memo sent to all staff on Sunday, Publicis Worldwide CEO Arthur Sadoun called Swinand "a truly respected and thoughtful leader and a familiar face to many of us within Publicis Groupe," adding, "I truly believe in his ability to drive this transformation in North America for one of our biggest operations." The incoming chief executive ran P&G's Secret account at Starcom and later became president of that agency's Chicago office after working as an account supervisor at BBDO and an in-house brand manager with P&G. In hiring Swinand, Leo Burnett also acquired his two most recent businesses: analytics software maker Ardent IO and startup incubator The Abundancy. According to Sadoun's memo, these two companies will act as natural partners in helping Publicis develop data-based "custom content" for its clients. Sixty employees from the two organizations will also become Leo Burnett Chicago staffers later this month. "The challenge every brand faces is to get chosen. Thanks to our technology, it's possible to predict what people want so that brands can respond with experiences that are truly meaningful," said Swinand in a statement. "By combining our data-driven insights with Leo Burnett's award-winning creative capabilities, we will make Leo Burnett's HumanKind approach more powerful than ever before in helping our clients." Swinand will report to Publicis Communications North American CEO Andrew Bruce while working closely with Stoddart (who will retain the title of global chief) and Judy John, who serves as both CEO of Leo Burnett Canada and chief creative officer of the larger North American organization. Publicis looks to make 2017 a rebound year for Leo Burnett after its North American network lost the nearly $1 billion McDonald's account to Omnicom last August. Longtime client General Motors also put its GMC brand into review the following month after the Detroit offices of Burnett and DigitasLBi merged, forming the "Engage M-1" unit in order to more effectively serve the client. Leo Burnett will continue to partner with GM as Buick's agency of record even if it does not win the GMC review, though it did recently part with the chief creative officer who had been overseeing all global General Motors work since 2013. In the memo, Sadoun positioned Swinand's hire as evidence of Publicis Groupe's efforts to "reinforce" the Leo Burnett organization while doubling down on its "Power of One" strategy. This consolidation-heavy approach has recently helped the holding company score new business in North America with USAA, Walmart and MillerCoors; the latter two wins occurred without a formal agency review process. Advertisement Terms of use | Privacy Policy ©2017 Adweek   All Rights Reserved About Media Kit Contact Us BrandShare Webinars Events Custom Print Sections Subscribe to Adweek Subscription Options Digital App Newsletters Reprints Back Issues RSS Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Additional Info Trophies, Awards & Seals Customer Service
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Dow's March to 20K Pauses Amid Drop in Oil Prices ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Dow's March to 20K Pauses Amid Drop in Oil Prices Published January 09, 2017 Markets Reuters Facebook Twitter Comments Print Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( (Reuters) Declines in financial and energy companies weighed on Wall Street on Monday, stalling the Dow's pursuit of 20,000, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high on gains in technology stocks and a string of deals in the health sector. Continue Reading Below The energy sector dropped 1.4 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, with Exxon Mobil's 2.1 percent decline weighing the most, followed by a 1.3 percent drop in Chevron. The declines meant the Dow stayed shy of the psychologically significant 20,000 mark. It came tantalizingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 12:28 p.m. ET (1728 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 48.65 points, or 0.24 percent, at 19,915.15, the S&P 500 was down 3.53 points, or 0.15 percent, at 2,273.45. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The Nasdaq Composite was up 17.96 points, or 0.33 percent, at 5,539.01, easing slightly after hitting an all-time high of 5,539.14. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower. The tech sector was the top gainer. Apple , celebrating the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, rose 1.3 percent to a 13-month high of $119.43. "As we move into the next couple of weeks, the focus will move towards the micro and to specific company earnings and expectation going forward," Jones said. The first peek into how companies fared in the previous quarter will be provided later this week by big banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The financial sector was however off 0.34 percent on Monday. Other big-name decliners were P&G and Coca-Cola , which dropped about 1 percent each after Goldman downgraded the stocks to "sell". The healthcare sector gained 0.34 percent, boosted by a string of multi-billion dollar deals. Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after agreeing to a $7.7 billion buyout offer from candy and pet foods maker Mars Inc. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.6 percent. One dim spot in the sector was Celgene, which lost 1.1 percent after issuing a full-year revenue forecast that missed analysts' expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,604 to 1,276. On the Nasdaq, 1,498 issues fell and 1,294 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 47 new highs and 14 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Watermark Center plans at old Shaw Walker topic of public hearing Print Email Lynn Moore | lmoore8@mlive.com By Lynn Moore | lmoore8@mlive.com The Muskegon Chronicle Follow on Twitter on January 09, 2017 at 9:30 AM, updated January 09, 2017 at 9:32 AM comments MUSKEGON, MI - Owners of the old Shaw Walker factory building have two years to develop the sprawling complex into apartments and an entertainment complex, according to a new agreement before the city commission this week. The amendment to the city's Brownfield Plan calls for demolition to be completed by the end of 2017. The demolition activities, including abatement of such hazards as asbestos and lead, will be eligible for about $9 million in Brownfield reimbursements. A public hearing on the amendment to the plan will be held during the city commission meeting at 5:30 p.m. Tuesday, Jan. 10. Following the hearing, the commission will vote on the plan, which spells out development obligations for the building known as The Watermark. $33 million indoor entertainment, apartments announced for Shaw Walker building The commission also will vote on a Neighborhood Enterprise Zone certificate that would freeze taxes on new apartments at The Watermark for 15 years. Owner P & G Holdings of New York plans to develop 120 new market-rate apartments. A portion of the complex has already been developed into housing units, an event center and coffee shop. P & G spelled out plans, costing at least $30 million in private investment, for much of the remaining complex, which include: Laser tag, a restaurant with bakery, a bowling alley and a bar with an open two-story ceiling on the first floor that measures nearly 58,000 square feet. Laser tag, mountain biking and go-kart tracks on the nearly 58,000-square-foot second floor. Mountain biking and large spaces for yet-to-be announced commercial and retail tenants on the 59,600-square-foot third floor. Mountain biking, concert venue and trampoline park on the fourth floor that would feature two-story ceilings. That floor also is about 59,600 square feet. A canopied venue with prep area and large L-shaped roof deck on the roof. Plans for the oldest section of the complex on the corner of West Western Avenue and Division Street remain unclear. The owner is rethinking original plans to demolish the structure because of its historic nature, said Muskegon City Manager Frank Peterson. The agreement with Muskegon's Brownfield Authority calls for the owner to put $150,000 into an escrow account to pay for demolition of that part of the complex. It also requires the owner to provide notice of any rehabilitation plans for the building or to demolish it within two years. "The question is is there an end user for it, and how much is it going to cost?" Peterson said. P & G has estimated that about $9 million in work - including extensive interior demolition and abatement - will qualify for reimbursement from the Brownfield Authority. The reimbursements, paid through tax capture, would begin in 2018 and continue for an estimated 30 years. At least 125 new jobs, averaging a wage of $10 per hour, will be created by the project as well as at least 85 temporary construction jobs, according to the Brownfield plan. The NEZ certificate on the new apartments would freeze property taxes at their current rate for 15 years, after which they would be levied at 25 percent for the 16th year, 50 percent the 17th year and 75 percent the 18th year. P & G Holdings purchased the former Shaw-Walker complex for $1.75 million in 2001.Renovations began in 2004 and to date have totaled $12 million, officials said. The completed portion of the development, with modern architecture and fresh clean lines fronts less visible Washington Avenue and Hudson streets.   Detroit Auto Show Relive top vehicle unveilings 2017 Detroit auto show unique technology and oddities The most overlooked vehicles at the Detroit auto show Technology steals show, but is 'mobility fatigue' setting in? Where to eat in Detroit Attractions to see in Detroit Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Mon Jan 9, 2017 | 5:46pm EST Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq left right Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson 1/2 left right A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson 2/2 By Sinead Carew Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. The Nasdaq notched a record high close, extending its bullish run with help from healthcare stocks. The S&P's energy sector .SPNY dropped 1.5 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Elsewhere, investors were taking a breather ahead of fourth-quarter earnings and the Jan. 20 presidential inauguration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump, who has pledged tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus, but investors are now waiting to see if he can deliver on those promises. "People are waiting for more information. We're waiting for political news, we're waiting for earnings. There's a lot of uncertainty out there. As the month goes on I expect we'll see some movement," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois. The financial sector .SPSY fell 0.8 percent on Monday. It had risen almost 18 percent since the election, led by banking stocks. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There is some hope we'll see some movement upward. Investors want to see some of those reports come out first," said Jankovskis. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow Jones Industrial Average components fell, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. Goldman Sachs' (GS.N) 0.8 percent fall was its biggest drag followed by International Business Machine's (IBM.N) 0.9 percent drop and Exxon Mobil's (XOM.N) 1.7 percent decline. The Dow had come tantalizingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was down 76.42 points, or 0.38 percent, to 19,887.38, the S&P 500 .SPX had lost 8.08 points, or 0.354856 percent, to 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC had added 10.76 points, or 0.19 percent, to 5,531.82. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector .SPXHC was the biggest gainer with Merck & Co. <MRK. N> the leading boost and Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX.O) the biggest percentage gainer with a 4.4 pct jump after it issued guidance. Nasdaq's biggest drivers in the healthcare sector were Ariad Pharmaceuticals (ARIA.O), which closed up 72.9 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda 4502.T Incyte (INCY.O) with a 9.4 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program with Merck. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.45-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 6 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 16 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Monday compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) Next In Business News Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity SYDNEY Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors again spooked by concerns over Britain's exit from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico BERLIN President-elect Donald Trump has warned the United States will impose a border tax of 35 percent on cars that German carmaker BMW plans to build at a new plant in Mexico and export to the U.S. market. Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source SEOUL A Samsung Electronics Co Ltd investigation into what caused some Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire has concluded that the battery was the main reason, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Monday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site S&P ends flat as healthcare advance offset by lower oil News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business S&P ends flat as healthcare advance offset by lower oil The S&P 500 ended the day unchanged on Tuesday as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks, offsetting advances in healthcare and financial sectors, while the Nasdaq ended at another record high. Posted 10 Jan 2017 21:10 Updated 11 Jan 2017 08:30 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The S&P 500 ended the day unchanged on Tuesday as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks, offsetting advances in healthcare and financial sectors, while the Nasdaq ended at another record high. The Dow's 20,000 milestone remained elusive as it was weighed down by declines in IBM , Merck & Co , Exxon Mobil and Procter & Gamble . Traders were holding fire ahead of the upcoming corporate earnings season and the Jan. 20 inauguration after which they expect a better sense as to whether President-elect Donald Trump will fulfill campaign promises of fiscal stimulus, lower tax and lighter regulation. "Investors are now waiting for the inauguration and the first 100-day agenda," said Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at brokerage Convergex in New York. "They just want a little more information about what the new administration is planning before the Dow takes the plunge over 20,000. There's a lot of high expectations about what happens after January 20." The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 31.85 points, or 0.16 percent, at 19,855.53, the S&P 500 was unchanged at 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite added 20.00 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,551.82. The S&P Energy sector ended down 0.95 percent as oil futures fell 2 percent on doubts about output cuts. Following a 9 percent jump in the S&P since Nov. 4, investors will also monitor earnings season, which starts this week, to assess if the record levels are justified. "We've shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering a wait-and-see mode with earnings knocking at the front door," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in News York. "Earnings may be the pivot to move things higher." S&P 500 companies are set to post their strongest quarterly growth in three years, with earnings estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter, mainly driven by financials, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P financial sector , which has risen 17.4 percent since the election, closed up 0.4 percent. Bank of America , Wells Fargo and JPMorgan - scheduled to report results on Friday - were its biggest drivers on Tuesday with 1.7 percent, 0.7 percent and 0.3 percent rises respectively. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors ended higher. S&P Healthcare stocks gained 0.33 percent and the Nasdaq biotech index ended 0.8 percent higher, both enjoying their sixth session of gains in a row. Illumina surged 16.6 percent to US$165.04 after the diagnostics company gave a strong quarterly forecast and launched a new product. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.90-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 18 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Caroline Valetkevitch in New York; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Eco Business Logo Log in / Sign up Subscribe to our email newsletters Follow us News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand All regions Menu Close Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Publications A-Z Tags About About Us Our Team Contributors Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Contact Us Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand Show all regions Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Home Opinion CSR Previous Next Why it pays to find your company's global purpose When companies embrace a higher social or environmental purpose, it is not only good for the planet, it may be an essential business strategy for the modern organization. A family of farmers harvests crops in Jaipur, India. Companies like Unilever and Nestle have invested heavily in improving the livelihoods of the smallholder farmers they buy crops from, which in turn delivers benefits such as a more resilient supply chain. Image: Shutterstock By Laura Allen and Paula Miquelis and Zach Mercurio Wednesday 11 January 2017 Share this story Every company’s supply chain ends with a human being’s life. And the people who need a company’s services, use its products, or are on its payroll rely on one planet. And here is something most can agree on: Our planet is suffering. The list of societal and environmental problems seems endless. Hunger, poverty, inequality, war, water scarcity, climate change, and so on. Within these wicked problems may lie a company’s most compelling and profitable driver: A global purpose to save the world. The world’s companies will play a vital role in solving these complex human problems. Businesses have the collective ability to reach billions of people and exert tremendous spending power. This power positions them to be key players in restoring our planet. Embracing this higher purpose is not only good for the planet, it may be an essential business strategy for the modern organization. President & CEO of Novo Nordisk, Lars Rebien Sørensen, warns, “In the long term, social and environmental issues become financial issues.” Embracing a long-view and awakening a compelling global purpose now may sustain the life of the business itself. What is purpose? Purpose has become the latest business buzzword. So it is important to be clear on its enduring and powerful definition. Quite simply, purpose is “…the reason for which something exists.” Your company’s purpose is not a mission statement, a tactic, or a goal. It is quite literally a company’s guiding reason for existence on the planet. The company’s job is to justify that reason every day. A reason for existence doesn’t fade with time or change with market conditions. Purpose taps into people’s psychological desire to make the world better and to do good. Purpose permeates every behavior and thought in a company. And a good purpose is a reason worth committing to that inspires service to the greater good. A company’s purpose has to be more important than the company itself. And when companies embrace a guiding global purpose that seeks to better the world beyond their financial returns, success follows. Why? Because a global purpose drives the people who drive the profit. Why a global purpose drives profit Having a global purpose is good business. In Built to Last, Jim Collins found that companies with a higher purpose outperform the market by an average of six-to-one. Those companies also experienced growth rates three times that of their competitors. The economic power of a higher purpose can be found when studying a company like Unilever. Unilever’s brands with a clear and communicated societal purpose - like Comfort, Dove, and Ben & Jerry’s - are growing faster than the rest of the portfolio. Unilever CEO Paul Polman said, “Our sustainable living brands are growing 30 per cent faster than the rest of our business and delivered nearly half our total growth in 2015, our latest figures show.” Former Procter & Gamble Marketing Director Jim Stengel found similar results in his study on the relationship between a higher purpose and market growth. Stengel’s research demonstrated that purpose-driven brands perform ten times better than others in similar categories and grow at significantly faster rates than the overall market. Why all this profit and growth? Ultimately it comes down to human psychology. A global purpose drives the people who drive your business From a social science perspective, the effect of purpose on both employees and customers is not surprising. When people see their work as serving the greater good they are more likely to be engaged, committed, and productive. A sense of global purpose has been found to be one of the most powerful psychological motivators for both employees and customers. Ultimately, people want to believe in something that’s bigger than themselves. People and organizations who believe in and prove their reason for existence inspire more loyal people to join their movements and invest in their products. In numerous studies, like those published by the firm Imperative, a sense of purpose is ranked as the most significant factor in job satisfaction and quadruples the likelihood of being engaged at work. And by 2025 nearly 70 per cent of consumers and employees will identify with the Millennial generation. A recent survey by Deloitte found that an overwhelming 75 per cent of Millennials indicated that they were more likely to do business with or work for a company that exists to better society. And customers want to be a part of changing the world, too. People are psychologically drawn to products and services that align with their beliefs about the way the world should and can be. Simon Sinek, in his 2009 viral Ted Talk implored, “People don’t buy what you do. They buy why you do it.” He is proving to be right. Case Study: A luxury fragrance company that empowers farmers in emerging countries Serge Majoullier, Perfumer and David Morenon, Deputy Purchasing Manager in Nepal. Image: Gone Adventurin’ & MANE. MANE Flavor and Fragrance Manufacturer offers an inspiring case of how a global purpose can transform a business. MANE is one of the world’s leading flavors and fragrances companies and produces flavors, fragrances, and ingredients for beverages, biscuits, confectionery, dairy products, and savory food applications. What does it mean for a flavor and fragrances manufacturer to drive profit through a global purpose? For MANE it means creating sustainable sourcing in its markets in emerging countries. MANE realized that 70 per cent of worldwide raw materials are produced by smallholder farmers, yet millions of those farmers remain impoverished. Poverty among smallholder farmers is one of the most pressing social issues in developing countries and when these farmers are not empowered, they cannot grow enough high quality raw materials. Additionally, MANE’s clients have started to put pressure on the company to create transparent value chains. Poverty among smallholder farmers constitutes one of the world’s most pressing social issues. Now it’s at the core of MANE’s purpose too. In 2015, MANE created sustainable sourcing initiatives in Nepal to develop a market of a new species of pepper called Timur. The challenge was to partner with grassroots and local NGOs to empower farmers on the ground through workshops and trainings to grow better quality raw materials. The ultimate goal was to help remote pepper farmers secure a more sustainable living. Beyond simply having a business goal, MANE decided to immerse its employees in this global purpose and use storytelling to involve its stakeholders in this global purpose. The results were transformational. Not only did the project create an entire market for the Timur product and help the economy of Nepal to grow, MANE won the first communications price at the World Perfumery Congress garnering hundreds of thousands dollars worth of free public relations promotion. Watch MANE’s inspiring sustainable sourcing initiatives here. MANE proves that filling a societal need and profit are not mutually exclusive. In fact, purpose can drive profit. “ People are psychologically drawn to products and services that align with their beliefs about the way the world should and can be. 3 ways to discover and enact your company’s global purpose In our fast-paced and results-oriented marketplace, many company leaders simply don’t think they have the time or resources to invest in purpose - or they don’t conceptualize their industry as particularly “world-saving.” But every company does and can have a compelling global reason for existence. The key for leaders is to begin discovering this purpose, strategizing around it, and then telling the story to its stakeholders. Here are three powerful ways to start now: 1. Identify your company’s problem. What is the world problem that your company exists to solve? This problem can become your purpose. A great place to start is by reading the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) report and and facilitating discussion in your organization around the 17 identified key topics below. Not only do the SDGs provide a great framework for finding a compelling global purpose but they are also a great and credible way to communicate about it. They aim to inspire business leaders to think deeper into the many issues that plague the world; from hunger to gender inequality. “The seventeen Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are our shared vision of humanity and a social contract between the world’s leaders and the people. They are a to-do list for people and planet, and a blueprint for success.” said Ban Ki-moon, the former UN Secretary-General. 2. Authentically communicate your global purpose. Human beings rely on stories to make sense of our world and so do your customers and employees. Telling the story of how your company helps to deliver your global purpose can generate stakeholders’ emotional commitment to your company and brand. Below are a few tips to start: Show the people who make your products and where they make them Take stakeholders and employees on journeys to see the origins of your materials Have customers themselves tell stories about how your company is changing the world Consistently strategize: Which of our products or services can make the world a better place; and how is that a business opportunity? The Lipton tea brand offers a powerful example of engaging stakeholders in their purpose. Lipton decided to intentionally strategize about what they wanted their consumers thinking about when they drank their morning tea. Lipton wanted them to feel that their tea was more than tea - it was serving the world. By telling the story of the tea farmers working in beautiful sustainable plantations and connecting them to the partnership of Lipton with one of the most impactful forest NGOs, Rainforest Alliance, Lipton gives consumers a world-changing purpose. Learn more about Lipton’s global purpose here. 3. Start seeing social and environmental issues as business opportunities. Just as the MANE company example shows us, global needs can also be business opportunities. For example, let’s imagine you are a leader making equipment for optometrists and surgeons, as well as contact lenses. Your bigger purpose is to eradicate avoidable blindness because you know there are opportunities. Four billion people in the world need glasses but only 2.5 billion of people have glasses, so you can tap into a massive market of 1.5 billion people Another example comes from the food industry and answers the question: What is the future of food? For Caleb Harper, director of the Open Agriculture Initiative at (MIT), the future of food is not a disaster as many pundits would have us believe, it’s a business opportunity - especially for tech companies. Caleb wants to change the food system by connecting growers with technology. Caleb said, “With the right tech, urban agriculture could turn basements, warehouses, walls and skyscrapers into farms.” Re-framing critical issues or “problems” as opportunities can be powerful. Your company’s purpose is already out there in the world. Identifying it and building your company around it pays. What is your cause? Why does your company exist? How can tackling social and environmental issues grow your business - and save the world? Lauren Allen is founder, Gone Adventurin, a social enterprise - based in Singapore and operating across Asia - that helps companies to grow through social and environmental impact. Paula Miquelis is senior projects manager, Gone Adventurin. Zach Mercurio is a consultant, speaker, and educator who builds purposeful organizations and empowers purposeful people to better our world. This post is republished from Huffington Post with permission.  Share this story Topics CSR Regions Global Tags consumer products research Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Most popular Policy & Finance Sustainalytics pulls out of Singapore Sustainalytics pulls out of Singapore Energy Barack Obama: Clean energy is here to stay Barack Obama: Clean energy is here to stay Carbon & Climate Women bear the brunt of climate-forced migration Women bear the brunt of climate-forced migration View all news Industry Spotlight Lifestyle Pineapples: Tasty fruit, effective cleaning agent? Pineapples: Tasty fruit, effective cleaning agent? CSR GRI launches new global standards to help companies report on sustainability GRI launches new global standards to help companies report on sustainability Green Buildings Sustainability in Shanghai Tower Sustainability in Shanghai Tower View all Feature Series Autodesk – Designing the Future Tapping the sun for safer healthcare Tapping the sun for safer healthcare Sustainability Leaders Series We need to engage business 'like never before', says new UNEP head We need to engage business 'like never before', says new UNEP head Year in Review 2016 The top 5 water stories in 2016 The top 5 water stories in 2016 View all Featured Events jan 17 Australia The 20th Women in Leadership Summit 2017 jan 18 Switzerland COP22 Digest: Get ready for the post-Paris world amidst a Trump presidency jan 22 Saudi Arabia Waste Management & Recycling Expo feb 8 United States of America EUEC 2017 feb 21 United Kingdom Energy from Waste feb 22 Australia Australian Waste to Energy Forum 2017 jul 11 United States of America Intersolar North America 2017 Add an Event View all Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletters The best Eco-Business stories, jobs and events delivered to your inbox – daily or weekly. Subscribe Get our weekly newsletter Follow us on facebook Read our stories and particpate in the Eco-Business facebook group. Follow Follow us on facebook Advertisement Supporting Organisations Eco Business Logo Back to top Asia Pacific’s sustainable business community Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Publications A-Z Tags Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS About About Us Our Team Contributors Contact Us Policy Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Privacy Policy © Eco-Business 2009—2017
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump’s E.P.A. Pick Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators By ERIC LIPTON and CORAL DAVENPORT If confirmed by the Senate, Scott Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career. His antipathy to federal regulation in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s chief law enforcement officer.  Comments What Do You Think Senators Should Ask Mr. Pruitt in His Confirmation Hearing? Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM 4:23 PM ET Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump News Conference Gets ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Critic's Notebook Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal By AMANDA HESS President-elect Donald J. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. More than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet. ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon By MARK LANDLER The president-elect criticized Representative John Lewis of Georgia, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More in Politics When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity World Leaders Push Israel and Trump to Forge a 2-State Deal By ALISSA J. RUBIN, BENOÎT MORENNE and ISABEL KERSHNER 9:02 PM ET Though peace efforts between Israel and the Palestinians seem doomed, world leaders gathered in Paris for a peace conference and signaled that they still longed for a two-state solution. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Once Predatory, Refund Loans Take Friendlier Turn By STACY COWLEY Advances from tax preparation companies now come with no interest and no fees, but consumer watchdogs remain wary. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Packers Thwart Cowboys as Time Expires By BILL PENNINGTON 9:53 PM ET Green Bay advanced to the N.F.C. Title Game with a 34-31 win on Mason Crosby’s 51-yard field goal with no time remaining. Dallas had converted a tying 52-yard field goal with 35 seconds left. Live Updates: Steelers Lead Chiefs at Halftime Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack Ringling Bros. Circus to End Its 146-Year Run Low-Profile Drug Maker Has Powerful Washington Backers ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” The Opinion Pages Contributing Op-Ed Writer In Pakistan, Justice for the Killers Among Us By MOHAMMED HANIF 6:02 PM ET Terrorism trials in military courts deliver only revenge, and uncover very little information. Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Wehner: Eight Was Enough Follow us on Twitter » Editorial Turkey’s Relentless Attack on the Press President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has worked to silence independent voices as he tightens his authoritarian control. Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Style Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » Tax Refund Loans Are Revamped and Resurrected With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue In Davos, Bracing for a Shifting U.S. Stance on Climate Change Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » What (Lots of) Money Can Buy at Trump’s Inauguration One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » Corporations Open the Cash Spigot for Trump’s Inauguration On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals For ‘The Red Turtle,’ Studio Ghibli Looks West for an ‘Eastern’ Approach How Movies and TV Address Rape and Revenge New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » N.F.L. Playoffs: Steelers Lead Chiefs; Packers Shock Cowboys On Pro Basketball: Cavaliers-Warriors Rematch Carries Meaning for Past and Future Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Conservationist Bud Lilly, ‘a Trout’s Best Friend,’ Dies at 91 Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-S&P ends flat as healthcare advance offset by lower oil By Reuters Published: 16:43 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 16:43 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Jan 10 (Reuters) - The S&P 500 ended the day unchanged on Tuesday as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks, offsetting advances in healthcare and financial sectors, while the Nasdaq ended at another record high. The Dow's 20,000 milestone remained elusive as it was weighed down by declines in IBM, Merck & Co, Exxon Mobil and Procter & Gamble. Traders were holding fire ahead of the upcoming corporate earnings season and the Jan. 20 inauguration after which they expect a better sense as to whether President-elect Donald Trump will fulfill campaign promises of fiscal stimulus, lower tax and lighter regulation. "Investors are now waiting for the inauguration and the first 100-day agenda," said Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at brokerage Convergex in New York. "They just want a little more information about what the new administration is planning before the Dow takes the plunge over 20,000. There's a lot of high expectations about what happens after January 20." The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 31.85 points, or 0.16 percent, at 19,855.53, the S&P 500 was unchanged at 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite added 20.00 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,551.82. The S&P Energy sector ended down 0.95 percent as oil futures fell 2 percent on doubts about output cuts. Following a 9 percent jump in the S&P since Nov. 4, investors will also monitor earnings season, which starts this week, to assess if the record levels are justified. "We've shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering a wait-and-see mode with earnings knocking at the front door," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in News York. "Earnings may be the pivot to move things higher." S&P 500 companies are set to post their strongest quarterly growth in three years, with earnings estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter, mainly driven by financials, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P financial sector, which has risen 17.4 percent since the election, closed up 0.4 percent. Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan - scheduled to report results on Friday - were its biggest drivers on Tuesday with 1.7 percent, 0.7 percent and 0.3 percent rises respectively. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors ended higher. S&P Healthcare stocks gained 0.33 percent and the Nasdaq biotech index ended 0.8 percent higher, both enjoying their sixth session of gains in a row. Illumina surged 16.6 percent to $165.04 after the diagnostics company gave a strong quarterly forecast and launched a new product. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.90-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 18 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Caroline Valetkevitch in New York; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
TV MOVIES TOP TENS MUSIC LIFESTYLE FLASH GAMES Who is Eden Sassoon from The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills? 10th January 2017 by Julian Cheatle Eden Sassoon in her promotional photo for The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills. Pic: Bravo Eden Sassoon is one of the new stars of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, joining the cast at the start of Season 7 as a friend of the ladies. But who is Eden? If you’ve ever washed your hair, then you’ve probably heard of her surname — as she’s the daughter of haircare legend Vidal Sassoon. Vidal, who sadly passed away in 2012, pretty much did everything there is to do with haircare during his lifetime — including revamping the bob cut and making it famous. Originally a hairdresser, he went on to found a haircare empire worth millions, which was bought by Procter & Gamble in 1984. Eden’s father Vidal cutting Mia Farrow’s hair for Rosemary’s Baby in 1968 Eden, 43, followed in her father’s footsteps and owns her own hair salon, Eden By Eden Sassoon on Sunset Boulevard in West Hollywood, as well as a finishing studio and two pilates studios. Her mother was actress Beverly Adams (later Sassoon), who starred alongside Dean Martin in The Silencers and alongside Mickey Rooney in How to Stuff a Wild Bikini. Eden is also a big philanthropist and has been heavily involved with founding and leading Beauty Gives Back, a non-profit which aims to help solve the global water crisis, raising money through educational events held by some of the world’s leading hairdressers. Eden and her daughter Olivia enjoying fun times together. Pic: @edensassoon/Instagram In her private life, Eden loves to live a healthy lifestyle, and often posts pictures of herself exercising and other on her Instagram. She has been sober for over four years after struggling with alcoholism in the past. Despite all her achievement, Eden is also a hardworking a mum-of-two, sharing custody of her two kids Olivia and Tyler with their dad. She dated All My Children star Jesse McCartney from 2011 to 2012, but is currently single. Eden has three siblings: Catya, who died in 2002 from a drug-induced heart attack, Elan, and David, who was adopted and later disinherited by their father Vidal after the pair became estranged. She joined The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills for Season 7 alongside Dorit Kemsley, Eileen Davidson, Erika Girardi, Kyle Richards, Lisa Rinna and Lisa Vanderpump. Got something to say about this? Tell us in the comments! You may also like DON'T MISS Paranormal Lockdown team sleep with the shadow figures at Waverly Hills Sanatorium Parolee Joe left shaken after dog fight on Pit Bulls and Parolees Ghost Adventures investigates satan worship and demonic attacks on Goatman’s Bridge Paranormal Lockdown premiere sees police probe skeletal remains at Monroe House Who is Eden Sassoon from The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills? Infected spider bites torment Callie on Alone as contestant taps out The doctors behind Animal Planet’s The Vet Life: Exclusive interview Exclusive clip: Townsfolk war over dispatching monster on Killing Bigfoot MOST POPULAR SHOWS The Curse of Oak Island My 600-lb Life Little Women: Atlanta Timber Creek Lodge Pages About Monsters and Critics Contact Us Privacy Team Members TV Series © Copyright 2004 - 2016 Monsters and Critics · All Rights Reserved · All logos & trademarks belong to their respective owners· All images are used with permission or licensed. Home TV TV news, interviews and videos on Monsters and Critics Movies Celebrity Celebrity news and pictures on Monsters and Critics. All the latest celebrity gossip and pics updated every day. Top tens Music Lifestyle Lifestyle news, features and reviews on Monsters and Critics. We bring you the latest from health and fitness, food and drink, fashion and more. Trend Books Flash Games
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 3:11pm Mon 16 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Wall St gained, Nasdaq hits record high By Margreet Dietz 8:02 AM Wednesday Jan 11, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Markets New York Stock Exchange Sharemarket United States Trader Edward Curran works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Photo / AP Wall Street gained as better-than-expected data from China underpinned optimism about the outlook as investors geared up for a fresh round of US corporate earnings. In 1.18pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average added 0.2 per cent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.5 per cent. In 1.03pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 0.4 per cent. The Nasdaq touched a record high 5,564.25. "We've shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering a wait-and-see mode with earnings knocking at the front door," Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in News York, told Reuters. US banks JPMorgan, Bank of America and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report their latest quarterly earnings on Friday. "Earnings may be the pivot to move things higher," Hogan noted. In the Dow, gains in shares of American Express and those of Caterpillar, recently up 2.5 per cent and 2.2 per cent respectively, outweighed falls in shares of IBM and those of Procter & Gamble, down 0.8 per cent and 0.7 per cent respectively. In the latest US economic data, the National Federation of Independent Business's index climbed 7.4 points in December to 105.8, the highest in 12 years. "Rising confidence adds to the economy's upward momentum," Jim O'Sullivan, chief US economist at High Frequency Economics in Valhalla, New York, said in a note, Bloomberg reported. At the same time, the "NFIB membership appears to be disproportionately Republican, so it is possible that the data will start overstating strength, opposite the pattern during the Obama administration." In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.1 per cent advance from the previous close. France's CAC 40 Index edged 0.01 per cent higher, Germany's DAX Index increased 0.2 percent, while the UK's FTSE 100 Index rose 0.5 per cent to close at a record high. We've shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering a wait-and-see mode... Art Hogan, chief market strategist Metals including copper and iron ore advanced after China's producer price index climbed at the fastest pace in five years, exceeding expectations. The producer price index rose 5.5 per cent in December from a year earlier, the most since September 2011, compared with a 3.3 per cent increase in November, the National Statistics Bureau said. "Reflation continues in the factory sector," Julia Wang, an economist at HSBC Holdings in Hong Kong, told Bloomberg. "The stable CPI suggests that the reflation is confined mostly in the industrial sector and hasn't filtered into the real economy. So the PBOC would possibly not respond to it until inflation expands to the real economy." - BusinessDesk By Margreet Dietz Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Why we should welcome tourists Kiwis are renowned for our hospitality, and it's a character trait we take pride in. Aside… Hawke's Bay Today Heed fire ban to keep region safe I'm getting used to rolling past parched fields on my bicycle. As summer approaches… Bay of Plenty Times Naked Tauranga theatre awaits arrival of new seats Tauranga's Baycourt Theatre is only days away from losing its reputation as an uncomfortable… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-Benz updates its GLA range of SUVs Mercedes-Benz updates its compact luxury SUV range of GLA models, becoming available… Viva Best celebrity beauty looks From Sienna Miller to Emma Stone, our favourite celebrity beauty looks this week True Commercial Positive - with cautionary notes Heads of commercial agencies are generally upbeat about 2017 but... Says Colin Taylor More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf03 at 16 Jan 2017 16:13:50 Processing Time: 39ms
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US DigitalNext Can Crowdsourcing Bring About More Creative Ads? By Oguz Acar. Published on January 10, 2017. Doritos' final year of its 'Crash the Super Bowl' contest yielded the Super Bowl ad 'Ultrasound.' Credit: Doritos Most Popular From designing t-shirts for Threadless to solving complex innovation problems for NASA, crowdsourcing is proving to be an effective tool to tap into creative potential of people from all over the world. Advertising, of course, is no exception. For the past decade, Doritos has used crowd-generated ads for its millions of dollars' worth of Super Bowl spots. These ads won USA Today's Ad Meter top spot four times during this 10-year period while never being out of the top five. It turns out that consumers who had a creative idea and a decent camera are able to beat many high-budget ads generated by big-name agencies. This success inspired Doritos to create a new platform, "Legion of the Bold," to interact with the crowd on a more permanent basis. "What we want to evolve to is people can create content throughout the year," Ram Krishnan, the brand's chief marketing officer, told Fortune. Other companies prefer working with crowdsourcing platforms that already have a large community of creatives. Mattel recently announced a deal with Tongal for its brands, including American Girl, Thomas & Friends and Hot Wheels. Coca Cola China worked with eYeka for generating videos describing the taste of Coke. The list goes on and on: Procter & Gamble, General Mills, Nestle and many others turn to crowdsourcing platforms for creative videos. When the purpose of a company is having an original and fresh perspective in its ad, crowdsourcing is perhaps the best way to go for it. Here is why. First, the scale of crowdsourcing exceeds even that of the biggest global advertising agency. It brings in more people to focus on a certain ad brief. Marketers receive hundreds to thousands of videos to choose from. Naturally, receiving more ads increases the odds of getting a few truly exceptionally creative ones. Second, the diversity of people involved in ad generation is far greater in a crowdsourcing campaign than any agency in the world. This allows marketers to get outsiders to think about the brand and, more importantly, use outsiders' fresh and novel perspectives in generating an authentic ad. History is full of creative breakthroughs from such unusual suspects. Third, crowds and creatives in agencies are motivated for different reasons. Crowds are often motivated by intrinsic reasons -- they generate ads because they enjoy the creation process. Their participation is entirely voluntary. As opposed to creatives in an agency, they are not limited by clearly delineated roles and specific responsibilities. We know from psychology research that intrinsic motivation is the fuel for creativity -- when intrinsically motivated people think free from constraints and don't mind taking risks with their ideas. In sum, crowdsourcing has a competitive edge over traditional agencies in terms of creativity thanks to its ability in activating a large, diverse and intrinsically motivated group of consumers. Most agencies are understandably sceptical about crowdsourcing. After all, it has the potential to disrupt the entire ad industry. In fact, some of the concerns are quite valid. For example, there may not be any cost-advantages with crowd-generated ads as designing and coordinating a crowdsourcing campaign could be costly. However, creativity is not one of those valid concerns. Visionary agencies are realising that the advertising world has changed and look for ways to adapt to it. They recognize the potential of crowdsourcing rather than fighting against it. John Winsor, the chairman of Victors & Spoils, puts it neatly: "If you ignore the world when you create advertising, the world will ignore your advertising." BBDO has recently launched Flare Studio. As described by Nick Price, head of content at AMV BBDO and founder of Flare, "Flare Studio is a bold undertaking -- bringing the benefits of the crowd but also injecting it with the right amount of agency know how to make sure the work reflects an understanding of our brands and can work for them within the crowd source model." Crowdsourcing revolution is here to stay. Brands and agencies should embrace it and look for ways to how to make most of it. The authentic and fresh perspectives that crowdsourcing brings might hold the keys for cutting through the advertising clutter. In this article: Creativity DigitalNext Social Oguz Acar Dr. Oguz Acar is an assistant professor of marketing at Cass Business School, City University of London. View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Login Signup Login with or Log in Forgotten your password? Signup with or Sign up Forgot Password? Enter your email below and we will send you a reset link. Submit Download App for free on Play Store English हिन्दी বাংলা తెలుగు தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ मराठी മലയാളം ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ਪੰਜਾਬੀ অসমীয়া اردو English हिन्दी বাংলা తెలుగు தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ मराठी മലയാളം ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ਪੰਜਾਬੀ অসমীয়া اردو Your Story Home Stories News Issues That Matter Resources Research Events Home Women Entrepreneurs Corporate Leaders Arts Academia Sports News Home Social Enterprises News Experts Social TV Think Change India Home Home Create Entrepreneur News Uncategorized Entrepreneur Meet the man who is the talk of the e-town: Kalyan Krishnamurthy, Flipkart’s brand new CEO Binjal Shah ,  10 January 2017 0 SHARES facebook twitter linkedin reddit tumblr google+ Flipboard WhatsApp It is two days before Kalyan Krishnamurthy’s 45th birthday – but the only “bash” that he could be bothered to put together is that of Flipkart’s competitors. He is tasked with staging the Indian e-commerce giant’s victory in a race where formidable internet players are closing in, faster than ever. In a major management reshuffle – something that is becoming a bit of a habit at the giant – Kalyan, who was roped in just seven months ago to head sales de facto- marketplace, retail and advertising businesses, has now been asked to assume the top spot of CEO. Binny Bansal, his predecessor, graduates to heading Flipkart Group – the alliance of Jabong, Myntra, Flipkart, PhonePe, and Ekart. Kalyan holds an MBA degree from Asian Institute of Management, the Philippines, and another MBA in Finance from UIUC College of Business, Illinois (US). They say he is Lee Fixel’s trump card, his right-hand man. As the former MD and Director of Finance and Portfolio Companies at Tiger Global Management LLC, this is not the first time he was sought out by Flipkart to run the show. For a year and a half starting May 2013, he served as the Interim CFO at Flipkart Online Services Pvt. Ltd. He brought with him his sharp acumen in the dynamics of e-commerce, having served as the Director of Financial Planning and Analysis at eBay Asia-Pacific and Country Finance Director (South-East Asia, Hong Kong) at eBay prior to joining Tiger. He has also clocked stints at Procter & Gamble, in a supply chain finance position, and Sunshine Teahouse Pvt. Ltd. Kalyan is known to play the longest games of hide-and-seek with the media and is hard to track down – in keeping with the ways of most of his colleagues back at Tiger. An entrepreneur who knows Kalyan and the Bansals, however, says, "That had better change. As CEO, he will have to talk to the media and be more open." Yet, anybody who has worked with him, at any level, be it a subordinate or a senior, vouches for his people skills. During his first stint at Flipkart, the workforce was taken by his sense of interest, involvement, and accountability with even the lowest level of workings. However, he was never too cautious with the whip, and took some tough calls to make at least four tricky executive-level firings. These risks, however, instilled a deeper sense of accountability in the 30,000-strong internal taskforce at India’s highest valued internet player, which was said to have gotten complacent. He was also tasked with undoing the blemishes that the first Big Billion Days (BBD) left on the company, again under his own regime in 2014, by churning out a more foolproof third edition in 2016. He did succeed, if surpassing the sales of arch-rival Amazon in sale-season is an indicator. Forced by his commitment to the annual flagship event, Kalyan had joined Twitter in November 2016, only to make all of 11 tweets, each surrounding the workings of Flipkart's Big Billion Days. "Kalyan is a fantastic numbers person. He is also extremely perceptive. He can see a person and know instinctively whether that person will be good for the job," says a source not wanting to be named. They were part of a portfolio company of Tiger, and have worked closely with Kalyan. This time around, he is tasked with strengthening the mother ship, which has encountered tempests, even if one doesn’t benchmark its performance against the competition. After all, it was devalued from $15 billion to $5.5 billion in multiple markdowns last year. Media and social media conjecture suggests that he was brought onboard to take on Amazon head on – even though Flipkart still commands more market share, albeit marginally, in India’s $15 billion e-commerce industry, the gap is ever decreasing. People also haven’t missed the fact that he is but an outsider, and that for the first time, an Indian unicorn will be run by someone who is not a founder. Whether it was a case of strategic headhunting and placing the right man in the right job, or an instance of investors losing confidence in the founders and stepping in to right the wrongs is anybody’s guess at this stage. "When I came in in 2013, it was agreed that I would go back. There was no big reason behind it. This is a different chapter. I'm here to stay and put my head down and work," he had told TOI in a December interview, before he was appointed CEO. Flipkart decided to combine a number of verticals under Kalyan; within a few months of him coming onboard in June, private label, marketplace, marketing, and customer experience product were all asked to report to Kalyan. So, even as Kalyan is to report to Binny on paper, inside sources revealed, as reported by this article in Mint, that he is his own boss and answers directly to the board. As of now, Flipkart continues to lose tens of millions of dollars every month. Popular consumer feedback suggests that there are gaps when it comes to their customer service, after-sales service and returns and refund policies. Hence, one can infer that their priorities are skewed and that their customer acquisition strategy, at a time when India is still appeasing its billions to adopt digital, is hardly up to the mark. This, however, happens to be an area that Amazon is rather overtly gunning at and might prove to be the reason for the turn of tables in this gripping great Indian startup story. Calling all startups in mobility and transport sector! Apply now for the Indo-German bootcamp and get a chance to be mentored by industry experts and showcase your products. Only 5 seats available. Read more here. 0 SHARES facebook twitter linkedin reddit tumblr google+ Flipboard WhatsApp Advertisement Tags Binny Bansal e - commerce Flipkart investor turned CEO Kalyan Krishnamurthy management reshuffle new ceo Tiger Global Management LLC About the author Binjal Shah Binjal Shah is a YourStory Mumbai correspondent Write your story Share your stories with us and inspire others like you! Most Popular Popular 5 movies to inspire the budding entrepreneur Popular This IIT professor who once taught Raghuram Rajan is now working for tribals Popular How Pooja Kumar lost 25 kg in 25 weeks and is now helping others get fit with JogoApp Most Popular Popular GST registration opens: procedure to enroll for GST registration by existing taxpayers Popular They are not just actors and sports people, these well-known celebrities are great entrepreneurs too! Popular 2017 will be the year of the backbenchers Most Popular Popular Rising out of a personal tragedy, 3 brothers create FYERS to become youngest stockbrokers Popular From begging on Chennai streets to studying at Cambridge - Jayavel's journey is pure inspiration Popular 20 quotes from Mark Cuban that proves he is plain awesome Sign Up for the daily YS Newsletter for all the latest updates Your Story About us Contact us Faqs Privacy Jobs@ys Partner Events Terms & Conditions Team YS Testimonials Disclaimer Advertise Code of Conduct © 2017 YourStory Media Private Limited. All rights reserved.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Oilfield Surfactants Global Market Key Developments, Outlook, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Oilfield Surfactants Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 10, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Oilfield Surfactant market is accounted for $1.04 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $1.57 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.1% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increased usage of CO2 Oil Recovery Technology, rising demand for bio-based surfactants, regulations and non-toxicity are driving the market growth. New projects and huge investment in APAC and Africa region, Utilization and Management of Industrial and Agricultural Wastes will further provide growth opportunities for the market globally. However, environmental concerns, decreasing oil prices and regulatory factors are restraining oilfield Surfactant market. Surfactants in personal care product market will see the best growth prospects. Cleaning products segment is expected to show moderate growth. Bio based surfactant segment is estimated to show prospective growth in the Asia-Pacific region. Asia-Pacific region holds the largest market share. However, North America followed by Europe is estimated to show a significant growth in the surfactant market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/oilfield-surfactants-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Some of the key players in global Oilfield Surfactant market are Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, Clariant AG, Evonik Industries AG, Henkel AG & Co. KGAA, The Dow Chemical Company, Evonik Industries AG, BASF SE, Stepan Company, P&G Chemicals, Pilot Chemical Company, Siltech Corporation, Oxiteno S.A Industria E Comercio, SABIC, Shell Chemicals, Huntsman Corporation, SI Group, Inc, AGAE Technologies, LLC. Substrates Covered: -Bio-Based/Oleo chemical -Bio surfactant -Synthetic/Petrochemical Products Covered: - Anionic Surfactant -Linear Alkylbenzene Sulfonate (LAS) -Secondary Alkane Sulfonate (SAS) -Methyl Ester Sulfonates (MES) -Alpha Olefin Sulfonates (AOS) -Non-Ionic Surfactant -Alkylphenol ethoxylates -Alkanolamides -Polyglucosides -Sorbitan esters -Alcohol ethoxylates -Fatty amine ethoxylates -Sucrose esters -Cationic Surfactant -Other Surfactants -Silicon Surfactants -Fluorinated Surfactants -Polymeric Surfactants -Amphoteric Surfactants -Association Polymers Applications Covered: -Emulsifiers and Demulsifiers -Lubricants -Dispersants -Corrosion Inhibitors -Foam Control Agents -Setting and Suspending Agents -Biocides -Acrylic End Users Covered: -Personal Care Industry -Textile Industry -Soap Industry -Elastomers and Plastic Industry -Oilfield Chemicals -Industrial and Institutional Cleaning -Crop Protection -Pharmaceuticals -Paper and pulp Industry -Paints, Coatings& Adhesives -Metal & Engineering Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322826/sample Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 11.1 Rhodia S.A. 11.2 Schlumberger Limited 11.3 The Lubrizol Corporation 11.4 P&G Chemicals 11.5 BASF SE 11.6 Pilot Chemical Company 11.7 Stepan Company 11.8 Siltech Corporation 11.9 Oxiteno S.A Industria E Comercio 11.10 SABIC 11.11 Shell Chemicals 11.12 Huntsman Corporation 11.13 Henkel AG AND CO. KGAA 11.14 SI Group, Inc 11.15 AGAE Technologies, LLC Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322826/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
News Business Counties Sports Blogs & Opinion Life and Style Videos News Politics Africa World Latest News Kiunjuri seeks to calm fears over drought Stop insulting ANC leader, Uhuru told Jubilee plans to rig presidential poll: Governor Ruto Kenneth launches bid for Nairobi gubernatorial seat Business Corporates Enterprise Technology Seeds of Gold Latest Business Airtel’s second layoff in a year turns focus on turnaround bid Shrinking credit access set to hit businesses this year Tea prices start New Year on a high at Mombasa auction Uchumi begins testing new franchising model Counties Coast Eastern Mount Kenya Northern North Rift South Rift Nyanza-Kisii Western Latest Counties Women lynched and houses set on fire in Nyamira Tea earns farmers Sh2bn MP puts KAA to task over delay in relocating school Fishing in Lamu takes hit from government ban Sports Football Athletics Rugby Golf Others TalkUp Latest Sports Harambee Stars player Miheso quits South African club Best football players to get sponsorship Gor Mahia face Sudan’s Al-Hilal in a pre-season warm up Telkom edge out GRA to clinch ninth title Blogs & Opinion Blogs Commentaries Editorial Cartoons Latest Blogs & Opinion WAFULA: School mental health care plan should be Matiang’i’s next KIARII: Unions must rethink their role in industry WARAH: Kenya goes back to its ‘mating ritual’ with Western donors NANJIRA: Explanation, context and analysis: Kenya's media must Life and Style Art & Culture Family Health Showbiz Travel Women & Style Magazines Latest Life and Style KITOTO: We've been together for months, should I move in? Why can’t I get a job? KITOTO: 25 reasons some of us shun marriage Hollywood worried about Trump's lack of humour Videos = Home Business Technology What’s Next For GE In 2017: Changing The Game With A Digital Industrial Strategy Tuesday January 10 2017 email print The LEAP is the world’s first jet engine with 3D-printed fuel nozzles. It can be connected to the IIoT. PHOTO | COURTESY   In Summary This year, Immelt discussed GE’s transformation into the world’s largest digital industrial company and his plans to lead the digitisation of industry and revolutionise how we make things by adopting 3D printing and other additive manufacturing technologies. Advertisement By GE More by this Author Every December, GE Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt hosts a meeting with analysts and investors to walk through the company’s strategy and financial goals for the upcoming year and review major wins from the past year. This year, Immelt discussed GE’s transformation into the world’s largest digital industrial company and his plans to lead the digitisation of industry and revolutionise how we make things by adopting 3D printing and other additive manufacturing technologies. Highlighting past achievements, Immelt pointed to plans to merge GE’s Oil & Gas unit with Baker Hughes to create Baker Hughes, a GE Company. “The Baker-Hughes deal makes us one of the three big players in oil and gas,” Immelt said. “This is a good deal for investors in the right time.” The combination will create a $32-billion fullstream oil services business — based on 2015 combined revenues — with operations in over 120 countries. He also noted that it’s been a year since GE’s acquisition of Alstom’s power and grid business — its largest single deal in history. He said that the integration of Alstom with GE’s energy businesses has already driven growth and synergies across the portfolio — on track with projections and growth targets. “Alstom and Baker Hughes are good deals and they add to the company strategically and financially,” Immelt said. In addition to Alstom and the Baker Hughes announcement, Immelt said that GE has continued to expand its digital and additive manufacturing capabilities — the two key technologies the company is using to unlock new ways of working with customers and suppliers. Digitising industry In early 2016, GE opened Predix — the operating system for the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) — to businesses and partners to develop software solutions for their own operations and customers. Internally the platform has saved about $500-million in services and manufacturing productivity across GE, Immelt said. Companies such as Exelon, University of California San Francisco, BP and Proctor & Gamble have started using data insights from Predix apps to increase efficiency and productivity. Overall, there are more than 20,000 developers working on Predix. For 2017, GE expects to grow the platform to 35,000 developers and continue to expand its digital capabilities. The company has acquired software companies such as Meridium, ServiceMax and Wise.io that bring together sensors, cloud-based algorithms and advanced field technology to help transform the way engineers and coders work together. Building a $1 billion additive business Over the last few years, additive manufacturing has started changing the way we make things by bringing 3D printing from developing small-scale prototypes to industrial-strength products. Today, GE has deployed additive technology in factories around the world to manufacture parts for jet engines from GE Aviation, GE Power turbines and GE Oil & Gas machines. At GE’s Global Research Centre, GE has invested $1.5-billion to keep developing these new technologies. Immelt said that additive manufacturing was also a perfect example of the GE Store — the practice of sharing expertise and technology across GE’s business portfolio. That’s because additive development and production centres can work on different parts for different businesses at the same site and learn from the process. GE has launched a new GE Additive business to accelerate additive manufacturing across GE and for its customers. Earlier this week, GE announced that it recently closed deals to acquire a majority stake in Concept Laser GmbH and Arcam AB, two of the industry’s leading global additive manufacturing equipment businesses. With these two acquisitions, the company plans to grow its additive business to reach $1-billion in revenue by 2020 and become a leading supplier of additive machines, materials and software. The new business will not only serve GE’s industrial businesses — it will serve customers in other industries as well, including aerospace, tooling and automotive sectors. A focused digital, industrial transformation GE has taken steps to sharpen its focus on its digital industrial side by continuing its sale of GE Capital assets. Since the April 2015 announcement to sell most of GE Capital, the business has repositioned itself ahead of schedule. To date, $195-billion of GE Capital asset sales have been signed, and $188-billion have been closed, Immelt said. The “new” GE Capital also achieved de-designation as a systemically important financial institution in the US and plans to exit European regulation by 2017. Next steps for GE Today, Immelt reaffirmed the company’s 2016 operating framework. For 2017, GE forecasts stronger organic growth in comparison to other industrial companies, targeting 3-5 per cent. The company set a goal of $1.60 to $1.70 earnings per share (EPS) for the year, with $16-billion to $20-billion of operating cash flow. GE expects to return $19-billion to $21-billion to investors through dividends and buybacks over the course of the year. The company re-emphasised its EPS goal of $2 by 2018. As oil- and gas-related markets continue to face challenges, GE has announced new acquisitions, additional stock buybacks and a new cost-savings plan over the next two years to drive earnings growth and achieve its $2 EPS target. email print In the headlines Gender data reveals KCSE grade mix-up The girls who were graded were more than those who sat for the exam, which is practically IEBC kicks off major drive to enlist 6 million voters Uhuru and Raila set to lead their party leaders in mobilising new voters to register. Senators call crisis meeting to end doctors strike Kiunjuri seeks to calm fears over drought Cord begins drive to enlist voters ahead of August polls Improve youths lives to tackle terrorism - DP Ruto says Mungatana denies link to Kilifi Sh51m scam Joho was not arrested, says Marwa - VIDEO Advertisement Latest Business Business Airtel’s second layoff in a year turns focus on turnaround bid   Business Shrinking credit access set to hit businesses this year   Business Tea prices start New Year on a high at Mombasa auction   Corporates Uchumi begins testing new franchising model   Seeds of Gold Vet on Call: A soothing treatment for milk fever attack in cows   Seeds of Gold Don’t earn peanuts, grow these groundnut varieties   Seeds of Gold Where the savvy flock to farm   Advertisement LATEST FROM NAIROBI NEWS LATEST NTV VIDEOS Mishi Mboko claims the government is keen on tarnishing Joho's name Nairobi gubernatorial race; Peter Kenneth officially declares interest IEBC targeting to register 6 million more voters ahead of the 2017 elections- #ElectionKe PUNCHLINE: How to get 'bae' to register; Mishi Mboko's mischievous strategy Ravages of drought; 2 million Kenyans at risk of starvation Watch More Videos Contact Us FAQ E-papers About Us Business Daily Daily Monitor Nairobi News NTV The Citizen The EastAfrican
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for January 10, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Parkway Display Company: the Expert in Custom Point of Sale Display Industry The vision of all employees in Parkway Display - strive to become the setter of the standard, rather than the follower of it standards.     SHENZHEN, CHINA, January 10, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The meaning of Parkway Display in Chinese is that it unites all the design strengths in this Point of Sale display industry, and to be the best one in this industry to offer better service and gain recognition from customers. To become a leader in this industry means that our technology, product quality, management level, business model, corporate culture should all take the leading position in the industry. This is our enterprise's development goal. Established in 2008, with about 3 thousand and 600 square meters factory and nearly 100 employees, Parkway Display Products Limited is one of the professional manufacturers in Point of Sale Display industry in Shenzhen, China. There are many enterprises in Shenzhen and the people here do not like publicity, just learn and develop itself quietly, which casts many invisible champion enterprises. Parkway Display Products Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Parkway Display") is one of them, also steps silently towards the position of first brand in the field of Point of Sale Display. Win the trust of customers with profession In an industry which is the closest but farthest to the consumers, maybe you'll never hear the name "Parkway Display", but you certainly have met it many times. In the store shelves that you passed inadvertently and when you buy L'Oreal cosmetics, Coca-Cola, chocolate and etc, you must take the goods that was placed in Display Stands or Display Racks which is produced by Parkway Display, with look and see more than once. Perhaps you were attracted to there by the fine display. The one who can catch the attention of consumers will be the winner in the era of eyeball economy. If all the brand companies have already grabbed the consumer's psychological cognition in marketing, then Parkway Display is the last link which helps them to win consumers and improve the transaction rate. Vincent Ho, the president of Parkway Display, when talks about the Point of Sale Display, he can't help to sigh "Point of Sale Display is a new industry emerging nearly ten years in China, and was noticed slowly by the market. In fact, we are the nearest one with consumers. But consumers do not know who I am." Indeed, Point of Sale Display is essential, and is closely linked with consumption, but it can obtain what we need directly as consumer goods. But it does not affect the pace of Parkway Display, because terminal display is concerned by the market, and brand companies pay attention to the terminal display, also pay attention to Parkway Display. As a company who enter into this Point of Sale Display industry at the early time, Parkway Display has its development opportunities. In the early rudimentary stage of this industry, it wins the trust of numbers emerging brand customers, and establishes long-term cooperation with many years of professional manufacturing and service. In the world, many familiar brands are mostly serviced by our company, such as Estee Lauder, Chanel, Mars, Louis Vuitton, Bulgari, Oxette, Calvin Klein, Wrigley, Unilever, P&G, Kinder, Wyeth, Kraft, Nestle and so forth. With the development of the brand enterprise serviced by our company, Parkway Display also grow step by step. In ten years, with the lead of Vincent Ho, Parkway Display developed from a team with several people to the largest pos display stand manufacturer in China. Now it builds many standards for the development of the industry and also trained a large number of outstanding talents. Today, Vincent Ho has more than 3 thousand and 600 square meters of modern industrial plants, dozens of advanced production equipment, and the excellent team consisted by hundreds of members. Customers are from a dozen hot industries including communications, home appliances, cosmetics, jewelry chain, feminine styling, garment retailing, luxury goods, drinks, daily necessities, glasses industry and so on. The comprehensive reputation accumulated for nearly ten years in the industry also brought more possibilities for the development of Parkway Display. In recent years, an increasing number of products produced by Parkway Display were exported to Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, Africa, Middle East and other global markets. Build a development platform for staff PD can be developed to be the largest domestic pos display stand manufacturer, and it is inseparable with the efforts of a number of outstanding talents. Parkway Display has always been concerned about the cultivation and development of talents. The competition for job responsibility will be held irregularly by Parkway Display each year. In October this year, the production sector of Parkway Display want to regulate the operation processes of front-line staff and improve their skills, the labor skills competition was held 3 days by manufacturing center. The players from each production workshop showed production operation skills with high standard. In the annual competition, it isn't that the winners are always old employees, some new employees who are willing to study even better than older employees. Vincent Ho thinks that the competition of labor skills is not only a competition, but also a learning platform for different sectors. It is the hope for the development of the company that we have the spirit of learning actively and racing each other. On the other hand, Parkway Display has its own unique management way from salary design to employee developing plan. As early as many years ago, Vincent Ho began to interiorly carry out the management model that each sector operates and manages independently. It requires that the department managers should have the business sense to save the costs and improve efficiency for the streamline production of company. In the initial period the mechanism, the two hundred thousand of saving costs were given to the staff of production department by Vincent Ho as bonus, which created a great sensation in the Parkway Display at that time. But it is not enough to control internal management just by bonus. Apparently, Vincent Ho thinks further. He believes that excellent employees generally have three requirements: earning money, growth platform and entrepreneurial platform. What he wants to do is to meet these requirements by Parkway Display. At the same time that is also the care for employees and to retain the outstanding talents in our company. Some excellent employees of Parkway Display who have their own entrepreneurial aspirations will be supported by the way providing shares to offer the opportunities for their entrepreneurial dream after finishing the assessment. Employees can get shares only by a small amount of investment, and get investments from Parkway Display. Vincent Ho said that it is very unique and attractive for cooperation and profit sharing arrangement, on the one hand, can retain the internal staff, and let them having the understanding of development space in Parkway Display, whether it is working or entrepreneurship, it will give them the possibility in the platform provided by Parkway Display. Become a standards setter As the first batch of company developed in this Point of Sale Display industry, it can't be led by any predecessors with the blanks of the industry. But it gives many development spaces for the company, for instance, setting various standards and competition regulations for the industry and so forth. The meaning of Parkway Display in Chinese is that it unites all the design strengths in this Point of Sale display industry, and to be the best one in this industry to offer better service and gain recognition from customers. Our enterprise's development goal is that our corporate level, business model, corporate culture should all take the leading position in this industry. In Parkway Display, it has formed a scientific and professional concierge-like brand service system from various design schemes, including POP Displays, Point of Sale Displays, Retail Displays, Display Stands, Display Racks, to large-scale manufacturing and from the early communication with the guests for the design to product molding and delivering it to all parts of the world. The vision of all employees in Parkway Display - strive to become the setter of the standard, rather than the follower of it standards. For more information, contact Parkway Display at sales(at)parkwaydisplay(dot)com or call 86-755-23425056. Buy POP Displays, Point of Sale Displays, Retail Displays, Display Stands, Display Racks, Store Fixtures, Trade Show Displays, Acrylic Displays, Wood Displays, Cardboard Displays, all at unbeatable prices from Parkway Display! # # # Read more Press Releases from Vincent Ho: Parkway Display: The Best Choice for Your POS Display Needs! What Services Does Parkway Display Company Provide? Three Principles to Follow in Putting POS Display Designs Acrylic POS Display Shelf Recommended by Parkway Display Company Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Vincent Ho Parkway Display Products Limited Shenzhen, Guangdong China Voice: 86-755-23425065 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Blog: Visit Our Blog Follow Us: Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Microsoft, house prices, Mars: Business news in brief, Tuesday 10 January Technology firm invests in cybersecurity, Halifax says price growth picked up in December, Confectionery maker buys VCA for £6.3bn Ben Chapman Tuesday 10 January 2017 07:41 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The technology company has backed Israeli cybersecurity firm Team8 David Ramos/Getty Microsoft, Qualcomm back Team8 cybersecurity firm as hacking threats increase The venture arms of Microsoft and Qualcomm have invested in Team8, an Israeli creator of cybersecurity start-ups, as big multinational companies get behind Israel’s burgeoning cyber industry in the face of growing threats. Team8, which also announced on Monday a strategic partnership with Citi to help develop its products, said the most recent investment brings its total raised to more than $92m (£75m). Its other investors are Cisco, AT&T, Accenture, Nokia, Singapore’s Temasek, Japan’s Mitsui, Bessemer Venture Partners, Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt’s Innovation Endeavors and Marker. While the number of attempted cyber attacks was 20,000 a week two or three years ago, that figure had now risen to 600,000-700,000, said Yoram Yaacovi, general manager of Microsoft Israel’s development centre. Israel has some 450 cyber start-ups, which receive 20 per cent of global investment in the sector. Although the need for security is growing quickly, the proliferation of start-ups means that several companies compete in every sub-sector. “A large part of companies created won't get to the finish line,” Nadav Zafrir, Team8 chief executive and former commander of the Israeli army’s technology and intelligence unit 8200, told a news conference. Reuters UK house price growth picks up speed again Growth in British house prices picked up speed for the second month in a row in December, helped by a shortage of homes to buy, but price increases are likely to slow in 2017, mortgage lender Halifax said on Monday. House prices have risen more slowly since the shock decision by voters in a referendum last June to leave the European Union but surveys by Halifax and rival lender Nationwide have shown them holding up in late 2016. The resilience has confounded the warnings of former finance minister George Osborne, one of the leading voices in the defeated Remain campaign to keep Britain in the EU, who said in May that house prices would fall by between 10 and 18 per cent if the country voted to leave the bloc. In the three months to December, house prices were 6.5 per cent higher compared with the same period a year earlier, up from growth of 6 per cent in the three months to November, Halifax said. A Reuters poll of economists had expected an increase of 5.8 per cent. The pace of growth remains below a peak of 10 per cent hit in March 2016. In monthly terms, house prices jumped by 1.7 per cent in December, the strongest increase since March. Martin Ellis, an economist with Halifax, said yearly price growth was expected to slow to between 1 and 4 per cent by the end of 2017, held back by weaker growth in the overall economy. “The relatively wide range for the forecast reflects the higher than normal degree of uncertainty regarding the prospects for the UK economy this year,” he said in a statement. Reuters Mars to buy pet health care provider VCA for $7.7bn Mars said it would buy animal hospital operator VCA for $7.7bn (£6.3bn). Confectionery maker Mars, also the largest pet food manufacturer in the world, said it would offer $93 for every share, a premium of 31.4 per cent to VCA’s Friday closing price. VCA shares were trading at $91 before the opening bell on Monday. Mars became the No 1 pet food maker in 2014, after buying Procter & Gamble pet foods business, known for brands such as Iams and Natura, for $2.9bn. Nestle, the maker of Purina pet products, is the second-biggest pet food maker, according to Euromonitor data. VCA, founded in 1986, operates nearly 800 animal hospitals with 60 diagnostic laboratories in the United States and Canada. The company had annual sales of $2.13bn (£1.75bn) in 2015. Mars Petcare business includes the Banfield Pet Hospital, which runs over 900 pet clinics. Reuters Thyssenkrupp labour chief demands better deal than Port Talbot Workers at German steelmaker Thyssenkrupp will refuse to pick up the tab for concessions being offered to British unions by Tata Steel to further a merger, Thyssenkrupp’s labour chief told Reuters on Monday. Thyssenkrupp and Tata have been in talks for about a year to merge their European steel operations to cut costs and overcapacity, but negotiations have been complicated by Tata's huge pension deficit in the UK. The German company’s labour chief Wilhelm Segerath said he sees no reason why Thyssenkrupp’s plants should suffer because of job and investment guarantees offered to workers at Port Talbot, Britain's biggest steel plant, in return for pension cuts. Tata has now offered to guarantee production at Port Talbot, Wales, for five years and to invest across its British business in return for being able to close the final-salary pension scheme to future accrual. “If they get five years, we want at least 10 years,” Mr Segerath said. “We won’t accept that our plants will now be endangered in a consolidation. Even an attempt to do so would trigger massive resistance from us.” He cited “enormous structural problems” at Port Talbot, which lost a million pounds a day in the past financial year but has since turned profitable, mainly thanks to external factors including higher prices and a weaker pound. Reuters William Hill profit trails in at bottom of forecast range Bookmaker William Hill said annual operating profit would fall to £260m, the bottom of its forecast range, blaming “customer friendly” horse racing and football results in December. The decline in earnings is another blow to the gambling company as it searches for a new chief executive and after a number of rivals joined forces to increase competition in the sector. Shares in the company fell more than 3 per cent to 288.3p. As recently as 14 November the company had forecast that operating profit would be at the higher end of the £260-280m range. William Hill had reported operating profit of £291.4m for 2015. Interim chief executive Philip Bowcock said unfavourable sporting results at the end of the year had wiped £20m off the profit figure. “The recent run of sporting results have not changed our confidence in a better performance in 2017,” he added in a trading statement for the 52 weeks to 27 December, 2016. On the busy Boxing Day English football programme, 18 of the 20 best-backed teams won. One gambler turned a £20 stake into £103,000 after backing 11 teams to win – the biggest accumulator win of the season so far. Reuters VW executive to appear in Miami court over Dieselgate scandal The Volkswagen executive who once was in charge of complying with US emissions regulations has been arrested in connection with the company’s emissions-cheating scandal, a person briefed on the matter said Monday. Oliver Schmidt, who was general manager of the engineering and environmental office for VW of America, was arrested during the weekend in the federal criminal investigation, said the person, who didn't want to be identified because they are not authorised to speak on the case. Mr Schmidt is the second VW employee to be arrested as the probe led by the US Attorney’s Office in Detroit continues. It’s unclear what charges he faces. The New York Times reported that he's expected to be arraigned Monday in a federal courtroom in Detroit. Mr Schmidt's bio for a 2012 auto industry conference said Schmidt was responsible for ensuring that vehicles built for sale within the US and Canada comply with “past, present and future air quality and fuel economy government standards in both countries”. It says he served as the company’s direct factory and government agency contact for emissions regulations. AP Saudi Arabia Hires PwC to Advise on $20bn Cost Cuts Saudi Arabia is working with PricewaterhouseCoopers on plans to cancel about $20bn (£16.5bn) of projects as the kingdom seeks to shore up its finances, two people familiar with the matter said. The Ministry of Economy and Planning hired the consultancy firm to review $69bn of government contracts with a view to cutting about a third of them, the people said, asking not to be identified as the discussions are private. Projects under review include contracts awarded by the ministries of housing, transport, health and education, they said, adding that PwC’s role also includes advising on ways to cut project costs or privatise them. Under Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the world’s biggest oil exporter is seeking to rein in spending to narrow a budget shortfall that reached nearly 300bn riyals ($80bn) last year after oil prices slumped. The kingdom set up an office to limit government spending, according to this year’s budget that was announced in December. Authorities also set up the National Project Management Office last year to control capital spending and ensure that government projects are carried out efficiently. Bloomberg Child slavery claims against Nestle and Cargill get second chance in court Six men forced into slavery as boys to harvest cocoa pods have a second chance to go after some of the world’s biggest chocolate companies in US court, saying the companies should have known their suppliers used forced labour. They’re asking a federal judge in Los Angeles to allow their 12-year-old case to go ahead, even though their alleged captivity was in Ivory Coast. They say Nestle and Cargill. employees in the US knew of the forced labour but didn’t take steps to stop it, so they should be able to sue in an American court. Allowing the former slaves to sue in the US over human rights abuses overseas would reverse years of precedents won by Chevron, Coca-Cola and other multinationals. If Nestle and Cargill can’t get the case thrown out, other companies might face a new wave of expensive, drawn-out lawsuits over suppliers’ alleged misdeeds. “You can see that would open the door to a flood of new cases,” said John Bellinger III, who as a lawyer for the US Chamber of Commerce unsuccessfully asked the US Supreme Court to block the six from revising their lawsuit. Bloomberg More about: House prices Microsoft Mars Thyssenkrupp William Hill Volkswagen Saudi Arabia Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 Reuters Jan. 9, 2017, 11:37 AM 66 facebook linkedin twitter email print * Oil prices fall 2.5 pct, energy index top index loser * Health sector gains on string of multi-billion dollar deals * Tech stocks surge push Nasdaq to record high * Dow down 0.13 pct, S&P down 0.11 pct, Nasdaq up 0.19 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices) By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 9 (Reuters) - Declines in bank and energy companies weighed on Wall Street on Monday, distancing the Dow from the 20,000 mark, while gains in technology stocks pushed the Nasdaq to a record intraday high. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, with Goldman Sachs's 0.7 percent decline weighing the most. P&G and Coca-Cola dropped 0.9 percent after Goldman downgraded both the consumer staple stocks. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, led by the energy sector's 1.3 percent drop. Oil prices fell 2.5 percent on concerns that rising U.S. output could dampen the impact of a recent deal among major producers to limit output. The declines meant the Dow stayed shy of the psychologically significant 20,000 mark. It came tantalizingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 11:08 a.m. ET (1608 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 26.53 points, or 0.13 percent, at 19,937.27. The S&P 500 was down 2.48 points, or 0.11 percent, at 2,274.5 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.27 points, or 0.19 percent, at 5,531.32. The Nasdaq hit a high of 5,538.295. The tech sector was the top gainer. Apple , which is celebrating the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, was up 1.1 percent at $119.14, after hitting a 13-month high of $119.30. "As we move into the next couple of weeks, the focus will move towards the micro and to specific company earnings and expectation going forward," Jones said. The first peek into how companies fared will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. A string of multi-billion dollar healthcare deals boost the sector on Monday. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after Mars Inc said it would buy the company for $7.7 billion. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.6 percent. Acuity Brands fell 12.3 percent to $207.51 after the lighting solutions provider gave a disappointing sales forecast. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,667 to 1,167. On the Nasdaq, 1,562 issues fell and 1,149 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 37 new highs and 11 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters Company News USA-STOCKS/ (UPDATE 3) facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 * Oil prices fall 2.5 pct, energy index top... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad FTSE CLOSE: Footsie closes at record high for 8th consecutive time; pound sinks as PM dithers over 'hard Brexit' By Mark Shapland For This Is Money Published: 03:53 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 12:35 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail 10 shares 95 View comments 17.15 (close): London's top-flight index closed at a record high for the eighth consecutive session, boosted by sterling's collapse following hints from the Prime Minister that Britain my opt for a 'hard Brexit'. The FTSE Index rose 27.72 points to an all-time closing high of 7,237.77, as the market continued to benefit from the pound's slump. It marks the longest record closing streak since the beginning of May 1997, putting the London market on course for its longest ever record closing streak if it reaches an all-time closing high on Tuesday. Theresa May said she does not accept the terms hard and soft Brexit, while Angela Merkel says the UK may not be allowed access the Single Market The further push into record territory came during a remarkable rally on Monday, with the top-flight delivering a new mid-session record of 7,243.76 after investors snapped up stocks on the back of the pound's plunge to a two-month low against the US dollar. Sterling was under severe pressure on the currency markets following an interview with Theresa May on Sunday, in which she stated the importance of taking control of immigration over access to the European single market. The pound hit lows not seen since last October, dropping 0.9 per cent versus the greenback at 1.21 and falling 1.3 per cent against the euro at 1.151. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Bumper year projected for Cineworld... British factories 'on the mend' as weak pound has made UK... 'The bulls are out in force and there¿s no stopping the FTSE... Share this article Share Sterling's lows remained entrenched despite Mrs May moving to clarify her comments, telling a London press conference: 'I'm tempted to say that the people who are getting it wrong are those who print things saying I am talking about a hard Brexit (and that) it's absolutely inevitable there's a hard Brexit. 'I don't accept the terms hard and soft Brexit.' The UK currency's fall since the Brexit vote has proved beneficial for multinational companies listed on the index, as many tend to benefit from earnings in currencies - such as the US dollar - which are performing more strongly than sterling. Across Europe, Germany's Dax was down 0.5 per cent and the Cac 40 in France slipped 0.3 per cent. On the oil markets, the price of Brent crude slipped amid concerns over growing US production and the Opec cartel's ability to drive through cuts to support prices. The price of oil was down three per cent - or one dollar and 71 cents - to 55.39 US dollars a barrel In UK stocks, London-listed miner Glencore was sitting at the top of the biggest risers after a positive note from Barclays on the outlook for the mining industry. Shares were up more than three per cent, or 10.3p to 298.7p, after the bank said that an ongoing infrastructure spending splurge from China, coupled with potential fiscal stimulus from Western countries, made the sector's valuation look reasonable. Lloyds Banking Group was among the biggest fallers, dropping 0.7p to 65.2p, after the Government reduced its stake in the lender to less than six per cent, meaning the taxpayer is no longer the group's largest shareholder Away from the top tier, betting giant William Hill was nursing hefty losses after warning that profits would suffer a £20million hit following a string of 'customer-friendly' results in December. The high street bookmaker said full-year operating profit for 2016 would come in at around £260 million, the bottom end of its £260million-£280million range. Shares were down more than two per cent, or 6.1p to 291.6p, on the FTSE 250 index. The biggest risers on the FTSE 100 Index were Glencore up 10.3p to 298.7p, Randgold Resources up 145p to 6,660p, British American Tobacco up 101p to 4,675p, Imperial Brands up 78p to 3,616.5p. The biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 Index were Capita down 15p to 500.5p, Land Securities down 23p to 1,034p, Royal Bank of Scotland down 5p to 227.4p, Whitbread down 76p to 3,865p. 15:30: The Footsie was cruising towards another record close, despite US stocks opening up lower at the start of the earnings season on Wall Street. With an hour to go the FTSE 100 index was up 14.2 points at 7,224.2, slightly lower than it had been at lunch. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 60 points at the bell, with Goldman Sachs contributing the most losses. Proctor & Gamble and Coke were also down after downgrades from analysts. The Dow had hit a record close on Friday, while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also clocked up all-time highs following a late rise in Apple and other technology stocks. Wall Street has rallied since Donald Trump won the US election in November as investors bet he will introduce business-friendly policies. But the rally has led to lofty valuations - with the S&P is trading at about 17 times expected earnings, compared to its average of 14.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Bumper year projected for Cineworld... British factories 'on the mend' as weak pound has made UK... 'The bulls are out in force and there¿s no stopping the FTSE... Share this article Share That could make investors cautious as they gear up for the fourth-quarter earnings season.  The first peek into how companies fared last quarter will be provided later this week by big US banks, including JPMorgan , Bank of America and Wells Fargo. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Reuters. Bank stocks were among the biggest losers this session Michael Hewson, analyst at CMC Markets, said: 'After stalling within a whisker of 20k on Friday the Dow opened slightly lower today as investors mulled over whether further gains in US markets are sustainable in the longer term. 'There is also the fact that we will get to see some important earnings announcements later this week from the main US banks, and if these disappoint we could well see some profit taking start to kick in, particularly given that we've seen big gains in this sector in the last six months, with JP Morgan up 37 per cent, Bank of America up 69 per cent and Wells Fargo up 13 per cent, with a good proportion of those gains since November 8th.' Back in London it has been a poor session for bank stocks, with Royal Bank of Scotland rooted to the bottom of the leaderboard. Its shares are off 2.8 per cent, or 6.6p, at 225.7p.  Lloyds is also down 1.8 per cent, or 1.2p, at 1,036.5p, despite the Government selling another stake in the bank. Michael Hewson, at CMC Markets, explained: 'Banking stocks have also slipped back a touch with Lloyds Banking Group lower after the government sold off another part of its stake in the bank, taking it below 6 per cent, and bringing ever closer the day the bank is completely back in the private sector.  'This morning's further sales also serves to highlight the contrast to Royal Bank of Scotland, whose problems still remain very much front and centre given it still has to arrive at a settlement with the US Department of Justice over mortgage backed securities mis-selling. 'The weakness in banking stocks may also be down to a slight softening in yields and a narrowing of interest rate differentials between short and long term debt on government debt markets.' But the major story this session has been the pound's dramatic fall over comments Prime Minister Theresa May made yesterday Brexit. This afternoon May tried to clarify the Government's position on Hard or Soft Brexit. She said: 'I'm tempted to say that the people who are getting it wrong are those who print things saying I'm talking about a hard Brexit, (that) it is absolutely inevitable there's a hard Brexit. 'I don't accept the terms hard and soft Brexit. What we're doing is going to get an ambitious, good and best possible deal for the United Kingdom in terms of... trading with and operating within the single European market.'  At the same time German Chancellor Angela Merkel has also waded in stating that if the UK does not accept the EU's 'four freedoms' in Brexit negotiations, attention will need to turn to restricting Britain's access to the single market. 13:00: The Footsie remained in comfortable territory at lunch, driven higher by internationally focused stocks following a sharp fall in the pound.  The FTSE 100 index was up 21.7 points at 7,232.7, on course for its eighth straight record close. Mark Ward at Sanlam Securities UK said: 'The FTSE is still currency-led, with Brexit uncertainty over the weekend grinding it higher. I don't think these markets will go lower anytime soon.' On the up: Glencore was the biggest gainer after positive comments from Barclays on the outlook for the mining industry As a result stocks with a large proportion of overseas earnings rose to the top of the FTSE 100, led by miners. Glencore was the biggest gainer after positive comments from Barclays on the outlook for the mining industry.  Shares were up more than 2 per cent, or 6.7p to 295.2p, after the bank said that China's ongoing infrastructure spending splurge, coupled with potential fiscal stimulus from Western countries, made the sector's valuation look reasonable. Anglo American lifted 2 per cent at 1,154.5p and BHP Billiton added 1.5 per cent to 1,334.5p. Tobacco stocks also rose, led by British American Tobacco, up 1.4 per cent at 4,639.5p, and Imperial Brands up 1.2 per cent higher at 3,593.0p. On the FTSE 250 Ashmore was the biggest faller, down 6.7 per cent at 279.2p after analysts at Barclays said the emerging markets-focused fund manager was vulnerable to outflows following Donald Trump's election as US president. William Hill was another heavy faller, down 3.8 per cent at 286.4p after the bookmaker said profits would fall to £260million for the year, down from £291.4million last year, after a number of horse racing and football results went against it. But the session has been dominated by sterling's collapse following hints from Prime Minister Theresa May that Britain may opt for a so-called 'hard Brexit'.  Sterling plunged to a two-month low against the US dollar - dropping 1.2 per cent to $1.214 - in response to an interview with May on Sunday, in which she stated that importance would be given to gaining full control over immigration during divorce negotiations with the European Union. The pound was also down 0.9 per cent versus the euro at €1.154. Connor Campbell, financial analyst at Spreadex, said the markets were reading May's comments as a move towards leaving the European single market in favour of World Trade Organisation rules. Naeem Aslam, analyst at ThinkMarkets added: 'The political crisis is brewing and you can see that when you look at pound. The UK government is playing with fire and creating more uncertainty. Last year, we said that the British pound has tendency of touching the mark of 1.18 against the dollar and we are still maintaining our call.' 'The government needs to be consistent with their message so that market can digest all the bad news and move on with it.'.  The pound has dropped around 18 per cent against the US dollar and 10 per cent versus the euro since the June 23 vote, as traders expect the British economy to be significantly weaker once it quits the EU.  On the oil markets, the price of Brent crude slid 1.7 per cent - or 97 cents - to $56.13 a barrel, as traders became concerned about the Opec cartel's ability to drive through production cuts.   08:20: The Footsie was quick off the block on Monday morning, jumping higher after a strong session overnight in Asia. In opening deals the FTSE 100 index was up 21.6 points at 7,232.5 - a fresh intraday high. On Friday it closed up 14.74 points at 7210.05 - yet another record finish for the buoyant London market.   The Santa rally from December has continued into January, driven by what is expected to be a new era for US politics and European politics in 2017. Issue: UK equity markets have been flying but the pound remains worryingly weak Overnight the Hang Seng in Hong Kong was marginally up and the Shanghai Composite rose by 0.4 per cent. South Korea's Kospi edged higher by 0.2 per cent, while Australia's ASX/200 finished 0.9 per cent up.  But the pound is feeling the pain as stocks rise. Already this morning it has dropped by 0.8 per cent against both the dollar and the euro following Theresa May's Sky News interview at the weekend.  In her first major interview of 2017, May told Sky News that: 'Often people talk in terms as if somehow we are leaving the EU but we still want to kind of keep bits of membership of the EU. We are leaving. We are coming out. We are not going to be a member of the EU any longer.' The Prime Minister's comments were read as falling decidedly on the 'hard' end of the Brexit spectrum, with 'control of borders' likely to be prioritised over continued access to the single market. This left sterling at a two-month low against both the dollar and the euro.  The pound is likely to drop around 5 per cent to $1.15 against the dollar after May triggers Article 50 in March, starting the two-year countdown to leaving the EU, according to a Reuters poll of more than 60 foreign exchange strategists In the UK, the week ahead will be dominated by Christmas trading updates from the country's largest retailers. Analysts anticipate that results will be mixed.  In focus today will be UK Halifax House Price data which is seen holding its ground to the benefit of the housebuilders which already got a boost past week from Persimmon's positive trading update and several broker upgrades.  Elsewhere global oil prices fell as increased exports from Iran undermined efforts by other oil producers to curb a global fuel supply overhang.   Stocks in focus in London include:   LLOYDS BANKING - Britain has cut its stake in the bank to below 6 per cent as it attempts to return the lender to full private ownership this year. BOVIS HOMES - Boss chief executive David Ritchie had stepped down with immediate effect, days after it warned on profit because it failed to complete the number of homes it expected at the end of 2016.     UK SUPERMARKET OPERATORS - Britain's three quoted major supermarkets are expected to report this week that they enjoyed solid Christmas trading, though investor concern about a potential squeeze on consumer spending in 2017 means the focus is on their outlooks.   Data:  Germany industrial production at 7am Halifax House Price Index at 8.30am Eurozone unemployment at 10am Share or comment on this article e-mail 10 shares Fly to New York for £56! Norwegian Air boss sends out a... Millennials who know how to save the smart way: How a raft... By George! Babywear duo celebrate £5m backing for US growth... The strongest currency in the world? The Swiss franc reigns... Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking... Va va vroom! A classic motor bike can prove an investment... As the NHS crisis deepens, could you afford to go private... City braced for turmoil and further swings in the pound over... How Tata’s plan to hive off £14bn pension scheme as part of... Sky refuses to sell broadband contracts to 250k households... Europe here we come! Summer holiday bookings rise despite... Car tax changes from April 1 will see the running costs of... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (95) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Forums Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online share dealing No annual fees and trade for £8 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades Cheap share-dealing 0.24% admin fee, £2.50 share dealing Low annual charge 0.2% funds fee and £4.95 dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS 'The wealthiest households should pay three times more council tax' ADRIAN LOWERY wants a social contract between rich homeowners and their neighbourhood. Investors tempted with up to £1,000 cashback, no admin fees, or a free share trade... - but are freebies worth moving your Isa or pension for? Revealed: The student trick that can save YOU hundreds of pounds (and you don't need to be at university to take advantage) One in three millennials say they won't get married because they can't afford to as the average cost hits £27,000 Flying to Switzerland but heading to Austria, France or Italy? New EU rules mean ski trip Britons hiring cars could face trouble. Number of first-time buyers leaps to highest level since the financial crisis... - but deposit sizes have DOUBLED. As figures show Britain getting more equal, we dig into the financial pecking order How rich are you? Sky customers face higher bills from March as advert's small print reveals surprise line rental hike Details spotted in a Sky newspaper ad. My wife has a short time to live and we are trying to make sure I get as much of her state and private pensions as possible... Steve Webb replies. Has the big chill ruined your travel plans? Here's how you can get a refund on delays or cancellations We bought a house with a conservatory but it's currently too cold to use - are there any tricks to make it habitable? Energy saving tips. Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show. Do you guess how many miles you drive for your car insurance? A quarter of UK motorists are at risk of overpaying or invalidating cover. Sterling is in a worse state than after the 1992 Black Wednesday debacle as pound takes another downturn Since the end of June, the pound has fallen by 18.4%. The Euro may be ditched within ten years, warns French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Life group Phoenix rises with £74bn under its wings MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Bumper year projected for Cineworld as fans line up for a battalion of blockbusters MIDAS SHARE TIPS: The biggest winners and losers from 2016 - and the firms that were taken over MIDAS SHARE TIPS: There's sweet success and rich rewards on offer if you check in at Hotel Chocolat MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Unanimous verdict for Gateley shares as they soar 20% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RM Secured Direct Lending's £100m flotation will help boost yield for investors MIDAS TIPS: Housing association Places for People's seven-year bond pays investors 4.25% interest MIDAS SHARE TIPS: AIM-listed tech incubator Mercia has its eye on the long game MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Time to bank profit after surprise Lavendon bid delivers 53% gain MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Logistics firm Wincanton is really going places MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Keep holding on as Asos shares still look a smart investment MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Investors on solid ground after flotation of engineering services firm Van Elle         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS THE SCOTTISH INVESTMENT TRUST: The lone wolf fund on the hunt for 'ugly ducklings' JPM STERLING CORPORATE BOND: Why this fund is buying into high quality inflation-linked bonds POLAR CAPITAL TECHNOLOGY: The trust that's soared 40% in 6 months TEMPLETON EMERGING MARKETS INVESTMENT TRUST: Emerging markets face rough ride if Trump imposes tariffs SMITH & WILLIAMSON GLOBAL GOLD AND RESOURCES FUND: Mining investors strike lucky as gold regains some of its lustre SPW GLOBAL HIGH QUALITY FUND: Our winning strategy is to bet big, be dynamic... and hold lots of cash KAMES UK EQUITY INCOME: Seven years of raising dividend payments as mixture of blue-chips and lesser known income shares pays off BLACKROCK UK INCOME FUND: Mark Wharrier has made a triumphant return after a ten-year absence JO HAMBRO CAPITAL MANAGEMENT GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES: Cash-rich global fund that's (cautiously) cleaning up MARLBOROUGH EUROPEAN MULTI-CAP: It's all about the stocks, NOT the big picture for top Euro fund boss ASHBURTON INDIA EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES: How India-based funds are revving up returns for investors MOMENTUM FACTOR 5 FUND: The investment where inflation spells good news JPMORGAN AMERICAN INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Trump or Clinton? We're more worried about interest rates' EVENLODE INCOME: How two Wise men turned £1m into £1bn in just seven years         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   The best paid jobs and biggest pay rises in UK   Is it cheaper to have my heating on at night?   Best brand new cars for 2017: BMW 5 Series wins   How the taxman spies on what you do online   Sterling in worse state than after Black Wednesday   10 tips to get the most out of your 2017 holiday fund Latest from Markets The strongest currency in the world? The Swiss franc reigns as 'most expensive' - according to the Big Mac index Tool hire firm Lavendon shows its suitors why it's worth fighting for with 8% sales surge INVESTMENT EXTRA: Why you shouldn't bet on supermarkets as High Street shops report soaring Christmas sales MARKET REPORT: FTSE 100 index extends its record winning run - but there are clear winners and losers... FTSE CLOSE: Footsie sets 12th closing record in a row on Friday 13th; housebuilders rally; pound at $1.22 Smoked salmon, caviar and white truffles boost Christmas sales at Fortnum & Mason by 16% Strong Christmas sales won't stop John Lewis slashing worker bonuses ALEX BRUMMER: St Michael’s cup overflows as M&S celebrates a record increase in same-store clothing sales The day the High Street titans fought back: After years of losing shoppers to low-cost rivals, big names report a bumper Christmas DAILY BRIEFING: Samsung boss is quizzed over political corruption scandal in South Korea MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. Posted 09 Jan 2017 22:15 Updated 10 Jan 2017 06:15 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. The Nasdaq notched a record high close, extending its bullish run with help from healthcare stocks. The S&P's energy sector dropped 1.5 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Elsewhere, investors were taking a breather ahead of fourth-quarter earnings and the Jan. 20 presidential inauguration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump, who has pledged tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus, but investors are now waiting to see if he can deliver on those promises. "People are waiting for more information. We're waiting for political news, we're waiting for earnings. There's a lot of uncertainty out there. As the month goes on I expect we'll see some movement," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois. The financial sector fell 0.8 percent on Monday. It had risen almost 18 percent since the election, led by banking stocks. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There is some hope we'll see some movement upward. Investors want to see some of those reports come out first," said Jankovskis. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow Jones Industrial Average components fell, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. Goldman Sachs' 0.8 percent fall was its biggest drag followed by International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop and Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline. The Dow had come tantalizingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 76.42 points, or 0.38 percent, to 19,887.38, the S&P 500 had lost 8.08 points, or 0.354856 percent, to 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 10.76 points, or 0.19 percent, to 5,531.82. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector was the biggest gainer with Merck & Co. the leading boost and Vertex Pharmaceuticals the biggest percentage gainer with a 4.4 pct jump after it issued guidance. Nasdaq's biggest drivers in the healthcare sector were Ariad Pharmaceuticals , which closed up 72.9 percent on a US$5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda 4502.T Incyte with a 9.4 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program with Merck. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.45-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 6 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 16 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Monday compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Stocks LATEST NEWS 'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Monday, 16 January 2017 Positive on India as its reforms plans in place: Peter Berezin, BCA Research Earnings preview: RIL's Q3 inventory gains may surprise investors Cutting cash would be a boon for poor: Kenneth Rogoff N Chandrasekaran will give Tatas more bang for buck Fifteen stocks in focus on Monday, 16 January 2017 View: Advantages of CPSE ETF comes with caveats Nifty will remain quiet today, expect the market to continue consolidation Here is why public sector companies are now darlings of the Street Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks 04:05 PM | 13 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,238-9.10 NIFTY 50 8,400-6.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,381-12.0 USD/INR 68.150.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் LIVE BLOG: Look who is moving my market today Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 By Reuters | Updated: Jan 09, 2017, 10.31 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Wall Street | P&G | oil | NASDAQ | iPhone | Goldman Sachs | energy Declines in bank and energy companies weighed on Wall Street on Monday, distancing the Dow from the 20,000 mark, while gains in technology stocks pushed the Nasdaq to a record intraday high. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, with Goldman Sachs's 0.7 percent decline weighing the most. P&G and Coca-Cola dropped 0.9 percent after Goldman downgraded both the consumer staple stocks. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, led by the energy sector's 1.3 percent drop. Oil prices fell 2.5 percent on concerns that rising U.S. output could dampen the impact of a recent deal among major producers to limit output. The declines meant the Dow stayed shy of the psychologically significant 20,000 mark. It came tantalizingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 11:08 a.m. ET (1608 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 26.53 points, or 0.13 percent, at 19,937.27. The S&P 500 was down 2.48 points, or 0.11 percent, at 2,274.5 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.27 points, or 0.19 percent, at 5,531.32. The Nasdaq hit a high of 5,538.295. The tech sector was the top gainer. Apple , which is celebrating the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, was up 1.1 percent at $119.14, after hitting a 13-month high of $119.30. "As we move into the next couple of weeks, the focus will move towards the micro and to specific company earnings and expectation going forward," Jones said. The first peek into how companies fared will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. A string of multi-billion dollar healthcare deals boost the sector on Monday. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after Mars Inc said it would buy the company for $7.7 billion. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.6 percent. Acuity Brands fell 12.3 percent to $207.51 after the lighting solutions provider gave a disappointing sales forecast. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,667 to 1,167. On the Nasdaq, 1,562 issues fell and 1,149 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 37 new highs and 11 new lows. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow READ MORE ON » Wall Street | P&G | oil | NASDAQ | iPhone | Goldman Sachs | energy To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented As its boss moves to Bombay House, investors fret over TCS future Infosys’ guidance remains buoyant: 10 top takeaways from Q3 earnings You ignored them, but these risky stocks jumped over 20% in first 8 sessions of 2017! Top five factors that will chart market direction on D-Street in the coming week 100% jump in 9 sessions of 2017: This stock has all eyes rolling on Dalal Street More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebIncome Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live|Income Tax Calculation UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|Demonetisation Gold Rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 By Reuters Published: 11:37 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 11:37 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 9 (Reuters) - Declines in bank and energy companies weighed on Wall Street on Monday, distancing the Dow from the 20,000 mark, while gains in technology stocks pushed the Nasdaq to a record intraday high. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, with Goldman Sachs's 0.7 percent decline weighing the most. P&G and Coca-Cola dropped 0.9 percent after Goldman downgraded both the consumer staple stocks. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, led by the energy sector's 1.3 percent drop. Oil prices fell 2.5 percent on concerns that rising U.S. output could dampen the impact of a recent deal among major producers to limit output. The declines meant the Dow stayed shy of the psychologically significant 20,000 mark. It came tantalizingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 11:08 a.m. ET (1608 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 26.53 points, or 0.13 percent, at 19,937.27. The S&P 500 was down 2.48 points, or 0.11 percent, at 2,274.5 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.27 points, or 0.19 percent, at 5,531.32. The Nasdaq hit a high of 5,538.295. The tech sector was the top gainer. Apple , which is celebrating the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, was up 1.1 percent at $119.14, after hitting a 13-month high of $119.30. "As we move into the next couple of weeks, the focus will move towards the micro and to specific company earnings and expectation going forward," Jones said. The first peek into how companies fared will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. A string of multi-billion dollar healthcare deals boost the sector on Monday. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after Mars Inc said it would buy the company for $7.7 billion. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.6 percent. Acuity Brands fell 12.3 percent to $207.51 after the lighting solutions provider gave a disappointing sales forecast. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,667 to 1,167. On the Nasdaq, 1,562 issues fell and 1,149 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 37 new highs and 11 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Mars to buy pet healthcare provider VCA for $7.7 billion Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Mon Jan 9, 2017 | 1:12pm EST Mars to buy pet healthcare provider VCA for $7.7 billion left right Mars bars are seen in this picture illustration taken February 23, 2016. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration 1/2 left right Pedigree brand dry dog food is seen at the Safeway store in Wheaton, Maryland February 13, 2015. REUTERS/Gary Cameron 2/2 Candy and pet food conglomerate Mars Inc is buying veterinary hospital operator VCA Inc (WOOF.O) for $7.7 billion in a deal that will give the maker of Pedigree pet food an even bigger share of the $4 billion global pet healthcare market. The deal will help family-owned Mars, better known for candies such as M&Ms and Snickers, add about 800 pet hospitals to its network of more than 900 clinics, which includes the 61-year-old Banfield pet hospital chain. McLean, Virginia-based Mars is already the biggest pet food company in the world - it held a quarter of the $71.77 billion global pet food market as of 2015 - followed by Nestle SA (NESN.S), the maker of the Purina cat and dog food brand. Mars and Nestle also hold the mantle of being the No.1 and No.3 confectionary makers in the world, respectively, according to Euromonitor data. Candy makers have been diversifying their business as calorie-conscious consumers increasingly shun sugary sweets, a trend that has weighed on the $183 billion global confectionery market. Rival Hershey Co (HSY.N) is also expanding beyond chocolates - it bought Krave, a beef jerky maker, in 2015, while Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ.O) recently introduced Good Thins, its first snack brand in more than a decade. "While most of Mars Pet is focused on food, the firm had long dabbled in pet healthcare services," Morningstar analyst Debbie Wang wrote in a note. "Considering that growth in pet healthcare has averaged 7-8 percent over the long term, the addition of VCA would help Mars tap into this appealing market." Mars said it would offer $93 per share, a premium of 31.4 percent to VCA's Friday closing price. Including debt, the deal is valued at $9.1 billion. VCA's shares were up 19.8 percent at $90.60 in afternoon trading on Monday. The company, founded in 1986, had annual sales of $2.13 billion in 2015. Mars, which also owns the BluePearl chain of emergency and specialty veterinary care clinics, had annual pet food sales of $17.80 billion in 2015, according to Euromonitor data. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and BDT & Co were Mars' financial advisers, while Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom provided legal advice. Barclays was VCA's financial adviser and Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP and Potter Anderson Corroon LLP were legal advisers. (Reporting by Siddharth Cavale and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Next In Deals DUET-Cheung Kong deal to test Australia's foreign investment regime SYDNEY DUET Group has agreed to recommend an increased $5.51 billion bid from a consortium led by Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings , in a deal that is likely to test Australia's appetite for foreign investment in its key energy assets. UK M&A to drop sharply in 2017 as investors await Brexit clarity: Baker McKenzie LONDON Mergers and acquisitions activity in the United Kingdom will drop sharply in 2017 due to uncertainty over the terms of its exit from the European Union, law firm Baker McKenzie said in a report published on Monday. U.S. judge to issue decision on Hanjin sale of stake in terminal operator SAN FRANCISCO The judge overseeing the U.S. bankruptcy case of Hanjin Shipping Co Ltd said on Friday he will likely announce on Wednesday whether he will approve the South Korean company's sale of its stake in a U.S. terminal operator after conferring with his South Korean counterpart. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 9 January 2017 | MYT 11:27 PM Banks, oil stocks weigh on Wall St, keep Dow from 20,000 At 9:41am ET (Monday) the Dow was down 57 points, or 0.29%, at 19,906.8. The AFP photo shows traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: The Dow Jones Industrial Average declined on Monday, retreating from the historic 20,000 mark, weighed down by banks and energy companies, while a gain in technology stocks kept the Nasdaq afloat. Of its 30 components, 20 of the Dow’s stocks were trading lower, led by Goldman Sachs’s 1.4% decline. P&G fell 0.9% and Coca-Cola dropped 0.5% after Goldman downgraded both the consumer staple stocks. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, led by the energy sector’s 1.3% drop.  Oil prices fell 2.3% as signs of growing US output outweighed optimism that other producers were sticking to a deal to cut supply to bolster prices. The decline meant the Dow moved further away from the 20,000-point mark. It came tantalisingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63 as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in technology stocks. The sector again helped the market on Monday. At 9:41am ET (1441 GMT) the Dow was down 57 points, or 0.29%, at 19,906.8. The S&P 500 was down 4.91 points, or 0.22%, at 2,272.07. The Nasdaq Composite was up 7.83 points, or 0.14%, at 5,528.89. “The market is building drama around 20,000 and if and when we get promising earnings reports, the Dow will go through the point like a hot knife through butter,” said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, New Jersey. Wall Street’s rally since Donald Trump won the US election in November, with investors betting he will introduce business-friendly policies, has led to lofty valuations. The S&P is trading at about 17 times expected earnings, compared to its 10-year average of 14. That could make investors cautious as they gear up for the fourth-quarter earnings season. The first peek into how companies fared last quarter will be provided later this week by big US banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1% increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Among stocks, Dow component UnitedHealth lost 0.6% to US$161.42 after the insurer’s Optum unit said it would buy Surgical Care Affiliates Inc for about US$2.30bil. Surgical Care’s stock was up 15%. VCA Inc, which runs hospitals for animals, soared 28% to US$90.78 after Mars Inc said it would buy the company for US$7.7bil. Acuity Brands was the biggest percentage loser on the S&P, falling 16% to US$199.16 after the lighting solutions provider reported first quarter sales that missed analysts’ expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,741 to 915. On the Nasdaq, 1,469 issues fell and 942 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed three new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 27 new highs and seven new lows. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Stocks , Wall Street Related Stories Wall St gains as bank earnings boost confidence US stocks off to worst start in 2017 after Trump speech S&P, Nasdaq flat; Goldman leads Dow lower Wall St flat as banks, discretionary stocks fall, tech rises Wall St opens 2017 with big gains as banks surge You May Be Interested Boosting women's libido Glass discards now included in waste separation law Better rates via online forex services Paying high interest rates for personal loans Purple should be your favourite CNY colour Chinese herb Dang Shen helps to boost strength Others Also Read PCs on the rise Abang Johari starts work as Sarawak Chief Minister Do we really need to fear China money? Property Related advertisement Latest News Foreign funds net buyers in week ended Jan 13 Foreigners make comeback on Bursa Cautious start for Bursa early Monday, ringgit dips Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires Only World Group slides early Monday on outlets closure Most Viewed in Business Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Paying high interest rates for personal loans Firefly reduces fleet operating from Subang Khazanah: MAS is operationally profitable Hong Kong airline Cathay plans job cuts, fewer flights TDM demerger plan Better rates via online forex services US dollar correction may boost ringgit rebound Cautious start for Bursa early Monday, ringgit dips advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ This stock will ride autonomous driving boom this year, Jefferies says Breakingviews: CNN sale in AT&T-Time Warner deal? Morgan Stanley names GrubHub its top pick in mid-cap internet space IBM to plunge more than 30% this year on weak earnings, Credit Suisse says Facebook to rally more than 20% on strong ad demand, Raymond James says Traders think these seven stocks will beat earnings expectations next week Goldman downgrades Apple supplier Skyworks on competitive threat from Broadcom Enthusiasm around Trump's fiscal spending may be overdone, Credit Suisse says Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says Sell Boeing on lower plane profitability, Trump trade policy risk, RBC says 10 most important morning stories Cracks in Trump’s infrastructure Bank stocks are still undervalued even after Trump rally, Strategas says Buy Conagra Brands on improving profits, Trump's tax cuts, Citi says Wells Fargo recommends Salesforce, software stocks for 2017 Deutsche Bank downgrades AT&T on increasing competition JPMorgan makes Netflix a top pick for 2017 on 'increased global profitability' 10 most important morning stories JPMorgan makes Facebook a 'top large-cap pick' Underperforming American Express to rally 29%, Oppenheimer says Here's how to invest in the coming self-driving boom, JPMorgan says Trader Jon Najarian buys these stocks on Trump's aim to boost US auto production Trump's protectionist policies may accelerate automation of US jobs: Strategist Apple is a top pick for 2017, Morgan Stanley says Wells Fargo upgrades bank stocks, names Bank of America its top pick Sell Procter & Gamble on valuation, poor sales, Goldman Sachs says Sell Coca-Cola on weak soda sales, Goldman Sachs says 10 most important morning stories Amazon may hold the Trump card The biggest bull on Wall Street last year just became the most bearish one Shake Shack downgraded on valuation and management turnover: Analyst Goldman Sachs' earnings to boom over the next two years under Trump, UBS predicts UBS downgrades McDonald's on slowing sales, valuation Hershey shares to rally on lower cocoa prices, other cost savings, analyst says Disney to rally 21% this year on over-the-top deals: RBC 10 most important morning stories Traders betting these four stocks will beat earnings expectations next week These ETFs could pop if the Trump rally continues to lose steam Here are 7 'black swan' events that could upend oil, commodity prices this year Evercore lowers its earnings outlook for Twitter Shares of disk-drive maker Western Digital to rally 27 percent in 2017, analyst says Citi downgrades Mylan, says EpiPen price scrutiny to continue RBC makes MasterCard a top pick on internet of things transactions Betting on biotech during JPMorgan's big health-care conference pays off These stocks hated by hedge funds could be ripe for a 'short squeeze' rally Breakingviews: Goldman wins again with Trump's SEC pick Bank of America upgrades cigarette maker Altria to buy on Trump Last year's losers tripling the return of the market so far in 2017 Cowen downgrades JetBlue, American and United on rich valuations Apple to rally more than 20% this year on the next iPhone, Guggenheim says Jefferies turns bearish on casual dining stocks, downgrades Dunkin' Brands Buy Panera Bread on expansion of delivery service, Oppenheimer says 10 most important morning stories Bank of America's top investment ideas for the first quarter of 2017 JPMorgan Chase is the best bank stock to own in 2017, Barclays says JPMorgan upgrades telecom stock CenturyLink on its 9 percent dividend yield Buy Verizon on new growth opportunities, Trump's policies, Citi says Credit Suisse upgrades Xerox to outperform, predicts 39 percent rally ahead Buy Disney on Trump agenda, Evercore ISI says 10 most important morning stories Pharma's middlemen will feel the squeeze in 2017 Disney buying Netflix could be practical magic Street picks: 10 technology stocks ready to pop Baird's 'best pick for 2017' is Tesla 10 most important morning stories Here are 10 stock picks for next year from the best industrial analysts of 2016 Trump’s job spin pales beside Obama’s recovery Buy consumer and technology stocks for 2017, Jefferies says Despite investor enthusiasm for Trump, Wall Street's outlook remains muted 10 stocks ready to drop Here are 3 top health-care stock ideas for 2017 from Morgan Stanley 10 most important morning stories Here are 10 stock picks for next year from the best services analysts of 2016 Dow 20,000 is the market’s version of fake news Street picks: 10 industrial stocks ready to pop Tech investor Paul Meeks shares his investment strategy and top picks for 2017 Here are 4 top internet stock ideas for 2017 from Evercore ISI 10 most important morning stories Buy industrials and materials stocks on Trump, Oppenheimer says Wal-Mart’s tortoise-like digital pace may pay off Street picks: 10 energy stocks ready to pop Here are 10 stock picks for next year from the best financial analysts of 2016 Trader Lebenthal sells Time Warner Top 10 most-crowded stocks investors may want to avoid 10 most important morning stories Sell GNC, Piper Jaffray says Trade like it's 1999? Strategist sees return to volatile environment Citi raises its 2017 S&P 500 forecast, citing the 'Trump jump and pump' GameStop to rally 40% on valuation, slower shift to digital game sales: Analyst 7 dividend stock picks from Strategas Top trader Lebenthal, up 33% in 2016, sells Lockheed shares Bet on Nike comeback in 2017 due to new sneakers, e-commerce growth, analyst says Yelp a top tech pick for 2017 on 'request-a-quote' feature, analyst says Buy these 4 financial stocks, FBR says JetBlue downgraded on rising costs associated with expansion into new markets Latest M&A deals to disappoint Here are 10 stock picks for next year from the best health-care analysts of 2016 2017 is active managers' 'last chance' to stop the ETF takeover, analyst says Sell Twitter as rampant executive turnover is a red flag, analyst says Louis Navellier, up 15 percent in 2016, buys maker of laser transmitters › Pro Analysis Sell Procter & Gamble on valuation, poor sales, Goldman Sachs says Tae Kim | @firstadopter Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 10:25 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Daniel Acker | Bloomberg | Getty Images Procter & Gamble Tide brand detergent Goldman Sachs lowered its rating on Procter & Gamble shares to sell from neutral, saying the company's December quarter sales result will miss expectations. "We see incremental risk to organic growth as we expect last quarter's organic sales outperformance ... to prove unsustainable," analyst Jason English wrote in a note to clients Monday. "We expect top-line weakness to be apparent in its upcoming 2Q17 earnings (expected late Jan)." The company is slated to report fiscal second-quarter earnings on Jan. 25, according to its website. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PG --- Pro Analysis This stock will ride autonomous driving boom to 20 percent-plus gains this year, Jefferies says Breakingviews: CNN sale could be pivotal in AT&T-Time Warner deal Morgan Stanley names GrubHub its top pick in mid-cap internet space, predicts 18% rally IBM to plunge more than 30% this year on weak earnings, Credit Suisse says Facebook to rally more than 20% this year on strong ad demand, low valuation, Raymond James says To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. Posted 09 Jan 2017 22:15 Updated 10 Jan 2017 06:15 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. The Nasdaq notched a record high close, extending its bullish run with help from healthcare stocks. The S&P's energy sector dropped 1.5 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Elsewhere, investors were taking a breather ahead of fourth-quarter earnings and the Jan. 20 presidential inauguration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump, who has pledged tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus, but investors are now waiting to see if he can deliver on those promises. "People are waiting for more information. We're waiting for political news, we're waiting for earnings. There's a lot of uncertainty out there. As the month goes on I expect we'll see some movement," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois. The financial sector fell 0.8 percent on Monday. It had risen almost 18 percent since the election, led by banking stocks. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There is some hope we'll see some movement upward. Investors want to see some of those reports come out first," said Jankovskis. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow Jones Industrial Average components fell, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. Goldman Sachs' 0.8 percent fall was its biggest drag followed by International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop and Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline. The Dow had come tantalizingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 76.42 points, or 0.38 percent, to 19,887.38, the S&P 500 had lost 8.08 points, or 0.354856 percent, to 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 10.76 points, or 0.19 percent, to 5,531.82. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector was the biggest gainer with Merck & Co. the leading boost and Vertex Pharmaceuticals the biggest percentage gainer with a 4.4 pct jump after it issued guidance. Nasdaq's biggest drivers in the healthcare sector were Ariad Pharmaceuticals , which closed up 72.9 percent on a US$5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda 4502.T Incyte with a 9.4 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program with Merck. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.45-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 6 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 16 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Monday compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks weigh on Wall St, keep Dow from 20,000 By Reuters Published: 10:06 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 10:06 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail 9 shares By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 9 (Reuters) - The Dow Jones Industrial Average declined on Monday, retreating from the historic 20,000 mark, weighed down by banks and energy companies, while a gain in technology stocks kept the Nasdaq afloat. Of its 30 components, 20 of the Dow's stocks were trading lower, led by Goldman Sachs's 1.4 percent decline. P&G fell 0.9 percent and Coca-Cola dropped 0.5 percent after Goldman downgraded both the consumer staple stocks. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, led by the energy sector's 1.3 percent drop. Oil prices fell 2.3 percent as signs of growing U.S. output outweighed optimism that other producers were sticking to a deal to cut supply to bolster prices. The decline meant the Dow moved further away from the 20,000-point mark. It came tantalizingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63 as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in technology stocks. The sector again helped the market on Monday. At 9:41 a.m. ET (1441 GMT) the Dow was down 57 points, or 0.29 percent, at 19,906.8. The S&P 500 was down 4.91 points, or 0.22 percent, at 2,272.07. The Nasdaq Composite was up 7.83 points, or 0.14 percent, at 5,528.89. "The market is building drama around 20,000 and if and when we get promising earnings reports, the Dow will go through the point like a hot knife through butter," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, New Jersey. Wall Street's rally since Donald Trump won the U.S. election in November, with investors betting he will introduce business-friendly policies, has led to lofty valuations. The S&P is trading at about 17 times expected earnings, compared to its 10-year average of 14. That could make investors cautious as they gear up for the fourth-quarter earnings season. The first peek into how companies fared last quarter will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Among stocks, Dow component UnitedHealth lost 0.6 percent to $161.42 after the insurer's Optum unit said it would buy Surgical Care Affiliates Inc for about $2.30 billion. Surgical Care's stock was up 15 percent. VCA Inc, which runs hospitals for animals, soared 28 percent to $90.78 after Mars Inc said it would buy the company for $7.7 billion. Acuity Brands was the biggest percentage loser on the S&P, falling 16 percent to $199.16 after the lighting solutions provider reported first quarter sales that missed analysts' expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,741 to 915. On the Nasdaq, 1,469 issues fell and 942 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed three new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 27 new highs and seven new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Mars to buy pet healthcare provider VCA for $7.7 bln By Reuters Published: 12:56 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 12:56 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail Jan 9 (Reuters) - Candy and pet food conglomerate Mars Inc is buying veterinary hospital operator VCA Inc for $7.7 billion in a deal that will give the maker of Pedigree pet food an even bigger share of the $4 billion global pet healthcare market. The deal will help family-owned Mars, better known for candies such as M&Ms and Snickers, add about 800 pet hospitals to its network of more than 900 clinics, which includes the 61-year-old Banfield pet hospital chain. McLean, Virginia-based Mars is already the biggest pet food company in the world - it held a quarter of the $71.77 billion global pet food market as of 2015 - followed by Nestle SA , the maker of the Purina cat and dog food brand. Mars and Nestle also hold the mantle of being the No.1 and No.3 confectionary makers in the world, respectively, according to Euromonitor data. Candy makers have been diversifying their business as calorie-conscious consumers increasingly shun sugary sweets, a trend that has weighed on the $183 billion global confectionery market. Rival Hershey Co is also expanding beyond chocolates - it bought Krave, a beef jerky maker, in 2015, while Mondelez International Inc recently introduced Good Thins, its first snack brand in more than a decade. "While most of Mars Pet is focused on food, the firm had long dabbled in pet healthcare services," Morningstar analyst Debbie Wang wrote in a note. "Considering that growth in pet healthcare has averaged 7-8 percent over the long term, the addition of VCA would help Mars tap into this appealing market." Mars said it would offer $93 per share, a premium of 31.4 percent to VCA's Friday closing price. Including debt, the deal is valued at $9.1 billion. VCA's shares were up 19.8 percent at $90.60 in afternoon trading on Monday. The company, founded in 1986, had annual sales of $2.13 billion in 2015. Mars, which also owns the BluePearl chain of emergency and specialty veterinary care clinics, had annual pet food sales of $17.80 billion in 2015, according to Euromonitor data. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and BDT & Co were Mars' financial advisers, while Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom provided legal advice. Barclays was VCA's financial adviser and Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP and Potter Anderson Corroon LLP were legal advisers. (Reporting by Siddharth Cavale and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video War On Black Money Hot In News UP Polls 2017 Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local New age smartphone cameras: Not just selfies, detect anaemia, check food quality and more The Financial Express Nitin Sreedhar 6 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Jammu and Kashmir: Encounter underway between security forces and terrorists in Anantnag's Awoora village Serial rapist held after 13 years THE LATEST report doing the rounds regarding the launch of iPhone 8 some time next year is that Apple is working with LG to develop a smartphone camera module that would enable 3D photography. This news is bound to send selfie-lovers into raptures. But while 3D photography on a smartphone, no doubt, is an exciting prospect, what if we were to tell you that there's much more that some new-age smartphone cameras can achieve? How about using the camera on your phone to sense food quality, for instance? What if it could screen you for anaemia or help you brush your teeth better? Researchers across the globe today have tweaked and developed smartphone cameras into tools that can do all this and more. Detecting melanoma Melanoma is one of the deadliest forms of skin cancer, but if detected in the early stages, the chances of survival are remarkably high. Now, researchers are working on devising a new way to detect the disease not with blood tests, but with a smartphone camera. In an IBM Research blog post, cognitive computing and computer vision scientist Noel Codella mentions how, in the future, doctors and patients will be able to identify possible signs of melanoma with the help of skin image analysis. "Our vision is that taking pictures to diagnose melanoma might one day be as routine as drawing blood to detect other diseases. Equipped with a smartphone or any other camera attached to a dermascope, this type of technology would enable doctors, nurses or support staff to take a photo of a lesion, send it to a cloud-based analytics service and receive a detailed report," Codella writes in the blog post. © image This report, Codella writes, could help a clinician determine whether the lesion has characteristics of melanoma or any other type of skin cancer. It would also contain other relevant information, which might further assist the medical staff in assessing a patient. Once implemented in clinical practice, this technology could be a game-changer since there are currently no reliable blood tests for melanoma. In 2015, the IBM Research team published preliminary research on this topic in which they explained the ability of computer vision approaches to help find disease markers in dermoscopy images. They have also directly compared the performance of these new methods to that of eight specialists. A well-established dermatologist, writes Codella, sees 25 or more patients per day. Assuming there are approximately 20 workdays in a month, this results in over 6,000 patients per year, with potentially multiple lesions observed in each patient. By comparison, writes Codella, the IBM system has seen fewer than 3,000 lesions, meaning its experience level is along the lines of a medical student. "But the hope is that, one day, the simple act of taking a picture could help clinicians quickly and accurately test for melanoma and other dangerous skin diseases," Codella writes. The technology, however, remains a work in progress, as it requires more research and testing. MORE ON MSN 31 of the best-looking phones 19 ultimate status symbols of the super-rich YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Interesting facts about the rupee 25 highest paying jobs Brushing teeth better The same camera that lets you click that picture-perfect selfie can now help you brush your teeth better. Wondering how? The Genius 9000 toothbrush, developed by the Oral-B brand of Procter & Gamble, teaches people to brush more effectively with the help of their smartphone camera. The toothbrush is fitted with a set of accelerometers that measure changes in motion in three dimensions, calculating even minute changes in brush angles. This is where the smartphone camera comes into the picture. All you need to do is download an app, created by P&G scientists and the Fraunhofer Society for the Advancement of Applied Research, on your smartphone. This app uses the smartphone's camera and facial recognition technology to measure the position of the brush relative to the mouth — Oral-B has termed this "position detection". Users just have to place their smartphone in front of them when they brush — they can attach it to the bathroom mirror using a suction cup holder that comes with the toothbrush, which is available online (R32,000). The app then shows a user which parts of the mouth have been brushed properly and which areas need more work. When a user starts brushing, the app displays a circle in six blue segments corresponding to the six areas of the mouth. As you brush each area, the blue fades, leaving a clean white segment. The app also remembers the user's past 30 brushing sessions. The smartphone app that links to the brush can also be programmed by your dental professional to issue notes and reminders during and after a brushing session. But does it work? Well, initial data for the Oral-B Genius 9000 shows that some users now brush for 2 minutes and 24 seconds on an average, which is more than the recommended time of two minutes twice a day. ALSO SEE: Smartphones 2016: The best you can buy Smartphones 2016: The best you can buy Finger vein reading Finger vein reading is a popular method of biometric authentication. A type of infrared light is transmitted through the finger and partially absorbed by hemoglobin in the veins to capture a unique finger vein pattern profile, which is then matched with a pre-registered profile to verify individual identity. Now, Japanese tech giant Hitachi has developed a technology in which the smartphone camera can be used for such authentication. As per the company, this is the first practical finger vein authentication technology that uses a phone's camera. The use of colour information software makes this technology more effective than the infrared variant. Additionally, multiple fingers can be used in this technology, which improves accuracy — the colour and shape of fingers are registered in advance. The technology can even extract fingers from a background image. There's also the provision of normalising finger postures, so that authentication can be done even when the angle of the hand changes. Hitachi tested the technology in-house. Pictures were taken using an 8-MP camera and transferred to a tablet computer for authentication. And even though the technology was used with Android, the company has plans to support iOS as well when it's ready for commercial use. As per the company, this technology can replace the traditional means of authentication when it comes to financial transactions, online shopping and so on. What makes finger vein authentication more feasible is the security aspect. Biometric authentication methods such as fingerprints, voiceprint and facial recognition are prone to spoofing and can be forged easily. But finger vein authentication is impervious to security threats because one can't possibly replicate vein patterns. Also, at the time of commercialisation, Hitachi plans to use a smartphone or a cloud server to carry out the authentication instead of a tablet. Detecting anaemia Anaemia remains a major problem in developing countries. Take India, for instance. A recent National Family Health Survey found that over 55% of Indian women were anaemic. But how does a smartphone camera enter the frame? The answer comes from the University of Washington, where scientists have developed an application called HemaApp, which uses a smartphone camera (and the flash) to estimate haemoglobin concentration and screen for anaemia. All one has to do is focus the light from the camera's flash on to a patient's finger. HemaApp then analyses the colour of the blood. It continuously floods a patient's finger with different wavelengths of light and infrared energy, and creates a series of videos. By analysing how colours are absorbed and reflected across those wavelengths, HemaApp can detect the concentration of haemoglobin and other blood components such as plasma. Researchers say they tested the app under three different conditions: using the smartphone camera's flash alone; in combination with a common incandescent light bulb; and with a low-cost LED lighting attachment. The app correctly identified cases of low haemoglobin levels 79% of the time when used with just the phone camera. This number went up to 86% when the app was used with some additional light source. To ensure it worked on different skin tones, the team developed processing algorithms that use a patient's pulse to differentiate between the properties of the patient's blood and the physical characteristics of his/her finger, the paper said. As per the university website, HemaApp is not meant to replace traditional blood tests, which are more accurate, but researchers do believe that the app can be an effective and affordable initial screening tool to determine whether further blood testing is needed or not. As of now, the app is set for more testing. Check health, food quality Researchers from VTT Technical Research Centre in Finland have developed the world's first hyperspectral mobile device by converting the camera on an iPhone into an optical sensor that can sense food quality, as well as monitor health. As per the VTT website, the cost-effective optical MEMS (micro opto electro mechanical systems) spectral technology enables the development of new mobile applications for environmental sensing and monitoring vehicles and drones' other uses include food analysis and health monitoring. "Consumer benefits could appear in health applications such as mobile phones that are able to check whether food is edible or moles are malignant," says Anna Rissanen, research team leader, VTT. Hyperspectral imaging provides access to the optical spectrum at each point of an image, enabling a wide range of measurements. The adjustable MEMS filter is integrated with the camera lens and its adjustment is synchronised with the camera's image capture system. The hyperspectral sensor measures the data in each camera pixel of the target. This spectral data can be transformed into information about the measurement target by developing intelligent computational algorithms. Some features, like fruit freshness, can also be seen from the spectral image without algorithms, but most applications usually require processing of the data. The sensor can also verify product authenticity or identify users based on biometric data. The VTT website adds that the centre aims to work with companies to commercialise the tech and bring new innovative optical sensor products to the market in the future. They have already developed a wide range of new applications, including environmental sensing based on nano-satellites, drone applications for precision agriculture, forest monitoring, etc. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More From The Financial Express Donald Trump vows 'insurance for everybody' in replacing Obamacare The Financial Express Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires, says report The Financial Express The Financial Express More from Financial Express Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
Menu Television TV Shows Animation Awards Thriller Talent Reality Mythological Documentary Crime Comedy Drama Series Factual Food Fiction TV Channels Regional People News Broadcasting Specialised and Niche Sports Viewership Terrestrial Music and Youth Movie Channels English Entertainment Kids GECs Factual & Documentary Production House TV Commercial Post Production Online Content Non-Fiction Film Production Documentary Fiction Cable TV People Local Cable Operators DAS Multi System Operators DTH DTH Operator DTH Services People Regulators People I&B Ministry High Court Supreme Court TDSAT TRAI MAM Marketing Brands Above The Line MAM Below The Line Media and Advertising Sponsorship Ad Campaigns AD Agencies Account Event Agencies Digital Agencies Out Of Home People Media Agencies Satellites Insurance Satellite Launches Satellite Operators Teleports iWorld Video On Demand Telecom Broadband Social Media Pay-Per-View e-commerce eNews Over The Top Services IPTV Gaming Movies Short Films Regional Movies On Mutiple Platforms Documentary Hindi Hollywood International Independent Box Populi Technology CES Hardware Headend Equipment Set-top Boxes Uplinking & Downlinking Distribution Components Software Firmware Middleware Applications Resources Education insitutes Education Channels forums History Producers Media agencies Legal and Policies Jobs Cable TV MSOs Address Book Ad sales agents Ad agencies Satelite Reckoner Shooting floors TRAI Technology suppliers Studios DTH Specials Event Coverage IBC2016 VidNet ASIA TV FORUM Content Hub Ficci Frames Ficci Frames Filmart Golden Globe Awards ICC WORLD CUP IDOS Mipcom Miptv MixRadio Music Connects News Television Summit Occasions Budget Budget 2000 Budget 2001 Budget 2002 Budget 2005 Budget 2014 Budget 2015 Budget 2016 Year Enders MAM Ketan Desai new Grey group India president - north 09 Jan, 2017 - 11:46 AM IST     |     By indiantelevision.com Team     MUMBAI: Grey group India announced the appointment of Ketan Desai, as president north. Desai has been in the Marketing Services businesses for close to two decades, most of which has been with Grey in Mumbai, Kolkata, New Delhi, Colombo and until recently as the chief operating officer of Grey Bangladesh. He brings with him experience from across geographies in India; across domains of Advertising; Activation and Shopper; across clients such as ITC, P&G, Marico Audi, Revlon, Gujarat Ambuja, Hindustan Times, CRY, Suzlon etc. Apart from GREY, Ketan has worked with TBWA too where he set up its Shopper Business. Desai will be based in Grey's Delhi office and will work closely with Grey group India CMD Sunil Lulla. Lulla said, “Grey is enhancing its talent and leadership pool with Ketan Desai. He brings in the relevant diverse skills required to navigate contemporary communication needs of Grey’s clients” Desai said, “It is a privilege to be able to partner this marquee list of clients and help build their brands in Grey's famously effective way.” tags Ketan DesaiGrey GroupITCP&GMarico AudiRevlonGujarat Ambuja Trending 'Choose Your Twinkle' on Valentine's Anup Viswanathan quits Sony Entertainment Television 'India needs 80 lakh hotspots; metros' spectrum 1/10th of U.S' IOA suspension revoked following Kalmadi, Chautala's removal Int'l TV Fest: A-Pac Broadcasting Union's two India teams to participate   Latest Reads 'Choose Your Twinkle' on Valentine's BlueStone.com has launched a new campaign to further strengthen its position as the go to destination for modern contemporary jewellery. Reaching out to consumers through a new television commercial (TVC), the ad film showcases how beautiful jewellery connects emotionally, summing it up with the ‘... MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 13 Jan, 2017 EC to screen govt ads; PM photo on hoardings disallowed Even as the Election Commission has set up committees to screen and clear government advertisements in various forms in the five poll-bound states, it has asked the cabinet secretary to remove the prime minister Narendra Modi’s photograph from hoardings at petrol pumps in Goa and gas consumer... MAM Marketing MAM 13 Jan, 2017 Not a Grey moment to lose, Advance with Crocin MUMBAI: A body pain can upset your daily schedule. In a fast paced life, we're constantly on the go and there’s no room for any downtime. Crocin Advance comes in handy at those times when a sudden pain slows you down and you need to be back in action real quick. MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 13 Jan, 2017 Havas re-purposes 25 pc staff for data & programmatic; next phase in Feb Havas Group has re-purposed over 25 per cent of its employees (5000 out of 20000) to become 100 per cent Programmatic through a new proprietary training programme that reinforces the together strategy and provides an uncommon foundation for all employees. MAM Media and Advertising AD Agencies 13 Jan, 2017 Grey strengthens A-Pac team with triple hire Grey Group has unveiled a set of triple hires in a move to bolster its leadership core in Asia, with a special focus on Grey Group Singapore. MAM Media and Advertising People 13 Jan, 2017 It's all FMCG brands among top 10 TV advertisers in week one of 2017 BENGALURU: Hindustan Lever Limited (Lever) brands led the FMCG brands with a massive 96,682 television advertisement insertions (36.03 percent of the total insertions by top 10 advertisers). The total number of television ad insertions by the top10 brands in week 1 of 2017 (Saturday, 31 December... MAM Marketing Brands 13 Jan, 2017 Wow, exclaim kids at Hershey's product MUMBAI: Wow Design, a strategic brand design consultancy, has associated with Hershey’s for strategising the packaging design for its new range of healthy flavored milkshakes. MAM Marketing MAM 13 Jan, 2017 FB-WPP to nurture mobile-first creativity tools Facebook has hosted the creative ambassador programme for WPP creative agencies in Mumbai. The programme was aimed at educating WPP Creative agencies in a scaled way and empower them to develop award winning, mobile first creatives that exceed their clients’ business objectives. MAM Media and Advertising AD Agencies 12 Jan, 2017 MEC India to handle Vistaprint media duties MUMBAI: MEC India, a leading media agency, has been awarded with the media duties for Vistaprint. The account will be handled by MEC’s Mumbai branch. Vistaprint is a brand from the house of Cimpress, a company based in the Netherlands, which started operations in India four years ago. A leading... MAM Media and Advertising Media Agencies 12 Jan, 2017 Gallery The content Paradigm 25 Aug, 2016 The Customer: Vidnet 2016 25 Aug, 2016 Proud winners at the NT Awards 2016 04 Jul, 2016 A night to remember: NT AWARDS 2016 - Part 2 30 Jun, 2016   Latest News Load More Subscribe Newsletter TVLinx | ADLinx | Archive What to Read Next Dec '16: Private TV channels now number 899 NEW DELHI: The total number of private television channels has risen to 899, with nine new television channels cleared in December 2016. Television TV Channels GECs 14 Jan, 2017 Indian digital industry to be worth Rs 20k cr by '20: EY report iWorld Over The Top Services 14 Jan, 2017 Tele-connectivity: Nepal's dependence on India to end in Feb iWorld Telecom 14 Jan, 2017 Network 18 board approves amalgamation of subsidiaries; adjusted operating profit down in Q3-17 Television TV Channels News Broadcasting 14 Jan, 2017 Telecom cloud market to be worth US$ 31 billion by '21: Report iWorld Telecom 14 Jan, 2017 More News Musical tribute to Kaifi Azmi on 98th birth anniversary David Guetta's Mumbai concert cancelled; unhappy fans return from the venue Olly Murs pulls out of BRIT Awards launch performance Source By Radioandmusic.com Vin Diesel in India: Awful ‘awe’ of Hollywood Dangal between Hanuman Singh and Dolfy D’Mello in Khatmal-E-Ishque Actor jodi Mitika-Mandar welcome baby boy Source By Tellychakkar.com Rocksalt Interactive Games Pvt Ltd. Playizzon launches the prelude to ‘Sachin Saga’ titled ‘Sachin Saga Warm U Cashing in on the legacy: Insights on ACK media’s successful brand association Source By Animationxpress.com Editor's Choice Dec '16: Private TV channels now number 899 GECs 14 Jan, 2017 Indian digital industry to be worth Rs 20k cr by '20: EY report Over The Top Services 14 Jan, 2017 Tele-connectivity: Nepal's dependence on India to end in Feb Telecom 14 Jan, 2017 Network 18 board approves amalgamation of subsidiaries; adjusted operating profit down in Q3-17 News Broadcasting 14 Jan, 2017 Telecom cloud market to be worth US$ 31 billion by '21: Report Telecom 14 Jan, 2017 Articles By Category News Headline Executive Dossier Comment Special Report Research Case Study Genre Primer Financials Reviews Events Promos & Campaigns Press Release Sign up for our Newsletter subscribe for latest stories Facebook Twitter YouTube Linkedin RSS Television Cable TV DTH Regulators MAM Satellites iWorld Movies Technology Resources Specials About Privacy Disclaimer Advertise Contact Us 2017 @ Copyright Indiantelevision Dot Com Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
null
Sunday, January 15, 2017 Subscriber Services Homes Autos Jobs Classified Home The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help News Local   Business PakTech to complete $5.6 million remodel of Cottage Grove factory by March         By Sherri Buri McDonald The Register-Guard Jan. 1, 2017   Today’s Local stories Eugene police arrest woman in death at Alton Baker Park Eugene residents want parks and recreation upgrades, but city struggles to find money for them Women step up Trump defiance Cottage Grove nonprofit agency files lawsuit against former employee, friend Fugitive lived 16 years with victim’s ID More Local »   A Eugene company that each year churns out millions of plastic handles to bind containers of drinks or food is making steady progress on a nearly $6 million remodel of a factory it owns south of Eugene in Cottage Grove. Last year, PakTech spent $2.5 million to buy an 86,000-square-foot former RV parts factory on an 8-acre site, east of Interstate 5, in Cottage Grove. The company plans to spend another $2 million on renovations, $3.4 million on new equipment and $200,000 on furnishings, said Jim Borg, founder and president of PakTech. The plant will be in the former home of Kwikee Products, which built stairs for RV manufacturers, until it closed in 2007. Borg said he hopes to open the new plant in March with about 30 employees, and its workforce will grow as PakTech’s business grows. The building is big enough to eventually have 200-plus employees, said Karen Nielsen, PakTech’s human resources manager. The site is in the Cottage Grove/Creswell/South Lane County Enterprise Zone. In early December, PakTech applied for three years of property-tax waivers on the $5.6 million it plans to spend on improvements. The amount of the tax savings won’t be known until PakTech completes the improvements and the value of those investments is assessed, said Peter Reaksecker, an analyst with Lane County Assessment & Taxation. In addition to the Cottage Grove plant, PakTech operates two factories, about a mile apart, in an industrial section of northwest Eugene. The plants employ about 200 people. In 1993, Borg was making plastic injection-molded parts for electronics and other firms when a customer request nudged the business in a new direction. Eugene-based Echo Springs Dairy asked Borg to design a handle to bind two one-gallon jugs of milk, so the dairy could sell milk to Costco. Today, PakTech sells custom-designed handles to 600 to 700 customers, including well-known brands Campbell’s, Welch’s, Heinz, Procter & Gamble, Johnson & Johnson and a growing number of craft breweries, Borg said. PakTech makes handles in huge industrial mold presses. Small plastic resin pellets, mixed with coloring, are injected into molds, heated, solidified through pressure and cooled with water in seconds. The privately held company does not disclose annual revenues, but it has grown steadily over the years. “We’ve sustained double-­digit growth most of the last 10 years,” Borg said. PakTech has benefited from the rise of warehouse shopping and the recent growth in craft beer, he said. Borg anticipates gross sales this year will be up 17 percent from last year. The bulk of PakTech’s sales are in the United States — mostly on the East Coast. It also serves global customers through warehouses in Mexico, London, and Sydney, Australia. PakTech frequently gets offers from buyers, which Borg said he declines. “We’re at the size where we’re very attractive to consolidators, and I just say we’re not interested,” he said. “We’re having fun doing what we’re doing and we want to continue it. “I don’t see any advantage in having a large bank account and nothing to do. We like what we do. We create value. We have win-win relationships with our customers.” PakTech “will be local as long as I’m in control of it, and that will probably be until I drop dead,” Borg said. “This is a lot more fun than playing golf,” the 74-year-old businessman said. Borg’s son, Zak Borg, and daughter, Amie Thomas, both work in the family business. Zak Borg, 45, is the director of engineering and R&D, and Thomas is the marketing director. Jim Borg said he is discussing succession with his children. “Neither of them wants to do what I do, so somebody’s going to have to step into a leadership position at some point,” Jim Borg said. “They both want to retain interest in the business, and they may do that from a board of directors role rather than active day-to-day role,” he said. Cottage Grove move PakTech had tried to expand on land it bought near its Eugene factories that was outside the city limits but within the city’s urban growth boundary and subject to city development rules. PakTech made the leap south to Cottage Grove after wrangling for more than a year with Eugene planners who maintained that the land would have to be annexed into the city limits, making it subject to higher property taxes, in order for PakTech to build on it. PakTech turned to Cottage Grove, where it found the former Kwikee Products factory it could remodel for its purposes. The building had been seized in 2015 by Wells Fargo Bank, the lender of its former owner, K&M Holdings LLC, of Seattle. Construction is progressing at PakTech’s newest plant. “We’re putting a new roof on,” Borg said, adding that the building sat vacant for seven years and the roof leaked. Crews are refurbishing the interior, installing skylights for energy efficiency, adding insulation, putting in a new electrical system, upgrading heating and air-conditioning for climate control, and polishing the cement floor. “The timeline is to finish by early March,” Borg said. “We want to have the equipment moved in and be producing parts by the end of March.” About a dozen of the 30 employees will be transferred from PakTech’s main 175-employee factory on Irving Road, Borg said. “We have a number of employees who already live in (the Cottage Grove) area,” said Nielsen, PakTech’s human resources manager. “Most have asked to be transferred.” PakTech will move two large pieces of equipment from its Irving Road plant to Cottage Grove and buy two more, Borg said. The equipment will run 24 hours a day, five days a week, Borg said. Hiring plans PakTech will be hiring for positions in production, inventory control, quality control and the warehouse. Entry-level jobs start at $15 an hour, Borg said. Workers typically start as employees of temporary services firms, Nielsen said. After they complete 90 to 120 days of training, workers qualify for company benefits, such as health insurance and a 401(k) retirement savings plan. PakTech pays 100 percent of health insurance premiums for employees and half of the premium for their dependents. When the company is profitable, it shares the profit with employees through a quarterly bonus equal to about 20 percent of an employee’s wage, Borg said. The company has zero tolerance for disrespectful behavior of any kind in the workplace, he said. “We have women in positions of leadership — people of color — it doesn’t matter,” Borg said. “If a person wants to work and they’re willing to give their time and effort, we want them to feel it’s a safe place, a place where they belong and where they’re valued.” PakTech also wants employees to be proactive and point out any problems they see, Borg said. “We’re very fussy about the product that we ship out the door,” he said. “We have very large customers, (and) if there’s a problem created by our negligence, we have to pay for the problem, which could be millions of dollars in recalls,” Borg said. The company will be looking for people with experience or training in injection molding, or a willingness to be trained, he said. More important than having any particular degree is an employee’s personality and attitude, Borg said. “What we look for in employees is personality,” he said. “Is this a team player, or is it a person with a chip on their shoulder? If they’re a rotten apple, no one is going to want to work with them.” Adding the satellite factory 20 miles away in Cottage Grove will add a new layer of complexity for the company. “There will be issues, there’s no question about it,” Borg said. One question is whether the Cottage Grove site will develop the same sense of community as PakTech’s main plant on Irving Road, he said. “It’s a pretty close-knit group of people,” Borg said. “People socialize together. We have company parties. They’re always well attended. We’re able to get our employees to buy into the team spirit very well. We’re hoping to have that same sense of camaraderie with the Cottage Grove operation, but it may be difficult. We really don’t know.” Follow Sherri on Twitter @sburimcdonald . Email sherri@registerguard.com . More Business articles » PakTech The manufacturer of plastic handles to carry multiple containers of food, drink or household products is expanding. Here are its local operations: 230 Davison Ave., Cottage Grove: 89,000-square-foot factory set to open in March with 30 employees, with plans to eventually grow to about 200 employees; will produce injection molded handles and store some inventory 1680 Irving Road, Eugene: 79,000 square feet; about 175 employees; produces plastic injection molded handles for a range of consumer products 29876 E. Enid Road, Eugene: 25,000 square feet; about 25 employees; manufacturers large, automated machines that attach PakTech handles to products as they move along the assembly line     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Local stories 6:52 p.m. Politics Eugene crowd rallies against GOP efforts to repeal Obamacare, defund Planned Parenthood 5:17 p.m. Oregon Hundreds rally in Portland in support of health care law 3:20 p.m. Local News Eugene taxi driver robbed at gunpoint near Trainsong Park Crime Eugene police arrest woman in death at Alton Baker Park Eugene Government Eugene residents want parks and recreation upgrades, but city struggles to find money for them Local News Women step up Trump defiance Oregon Protected areas critical to Central Oregon deer Courts Cottage Grove nonprofit agency files lawsuit against former employee, friend West Fugitive lived 16 years with victim’s ID Business New sports talk station joins Eugene radio game View of the News Unbridled beauty Northwest Man arrested after fire at mosque in Seattle suburb Local News Frozen in time Oregon Groups concerned about Oregon megadairy Local News Cold with quite a kick Northwest Jury indicts Idaho man in wreck, ex-wife’s abduction Local News For the Record Local News Calendar Local News Community Schools Education Extra: Achievements Schools Education Extra: Opportunities Local News Volunteers Local News Willamalane Highlights     Opinion Give & Take Guard’s having a birthday — and it’s a big one I’m excited about 2017 for many reasons, but here are two: June is the 150th anniversary of The Guard, the predecessor of The Register-­Guard. The Guard launched in June 1867 and published in various forms … The opioid trap A presidency of dignity We made it home in storm, but it wasn’t easy More Opinion » Lifestyles Profiles An artist at heart In expressing his creative side, Robert Cipes found his true self Robert “Bob” Cipes has played many different roles throughout his life: Ivy League student, playwright, federal prosecutor, author, professor, member of the Kennedy administration, the list goes on. Cipes had never imagined he would add … Grand oak is a true survivor Eugene author Eliot Treichel’s YA book, ‘A Series of Small Maneuvers,’ a finalist in Oregon Book Awards A first lady unlike any other More Lifestyles » Home & Garden The Relaxed Gardener Withstanding the storm Trees tipped — not felled — by ice can be hoisted back in place with cautious come-a-longing It was the ice storm of a lifetime for our younger readers (hey, we have them!). For your yard and garden, the fallen trees and broken branches present a lot of work, and a lot … Call a spade a flower Monster  project house Rainy day respite in the woods More Home & Garden »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 11:11 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money US equities swing with dollar as bonds pull back Wednesday January 11, 2017 07:00 AM GMT+8 ICYMI After 4-0 crash, Guardiola concedes City no more in title chase The Edit: Priyanka Chopra thanks fans for support after fall Singapore ranks second among the world’s most ‘powerful’ passports The Edit: E-waste rising dangerously in Asia Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly after the opening bell January 9, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Jan 11 — US stocks fluctuated with the dollar, while Treasuries retreated as post-US election asset moves stalled a day before Donald Trump is slated to hold a press conference that could provide detail on his policy preferences. The S&P 500 Index closed little changed, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell from session highs as investors prepared for the fourth-quarter earnings reporting season. The Russell 2000 Index of small caps advanced, halting a three-day slide. Treasuries edged lower, while the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index nudged higher after swinging around throughout the day. Gold jumped to a six-week high as copper surged with iron ore after Chinese producer prices climbed. Oil slipped below US$51 (RM228) a barrel in New York. Caution crept into financial markets as the euphoria over Trump’s perceived pro-growth policies faded with Congress holding confirmation hearings for his proposed cabinet members and the president-elect preparing to face the media for the first time since July. Delta Air Lines Inc. is slated to kick off the S&P 500 earnings season tomorrow, with analysts forecasting profits for companies in the index expanded by 3.8 per cent last quarter. The Chinese PPI data provided a silver lining, indicating the world’s second-largest economy is poised to export inflation around the world via its supply chains. “The uncertainty about Trump’s future plans for the economy is still high at present,” said Thu Lan Nguyen, a currency strategist in Frankfurt at Commerzbank AG. Stocks The S&P 500 was unchanged at 2,268.90 as of 4pm in New York, after erasing all of a 0.5 per cent advance. Healthcare and financial shares rose, while real estate and energy shares slumped. The Dow Jones Industrial Average hovered below 19,900, falling 0.2 per cent with Procter & Gamble Co. pacing declines in the 30-stock gauge. The Russell 2000 rebounded by one per cent to push its post-election gains back toward 15 per cent. The measure rose as much as 20 per cent in the months after Trump’s win. The FTSE 100 Index capped an 11th straight gain in its longest rally since 2011. The index has closed at all-time highs for a record nine straight days. Asian index futures signalled gains, with contracts on benchmarks in Japan, Australia, Hong Kong and South Korea rising by at least 0.1 per cent in most recent trade. Currencies The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index rose 0.1 per cent with the greenback enduring a choppy trading session against both the yen and euro. Japan’s currency added 0.3 per cent to 115.74 per US dollar, strengthening for a second day. The pound reaffirmed its position as the worst-performing Group-of-10 currency, touching its lowest level since Oct 25 before rebounding to trade little changed at 1.2174 per dollar. The MSCI Emerging Markets Currency Index rallied, adding 0.3 per cent. Commodities West Texas Intermediate crude dropped 2.2 per cent to a three-week low amid speculation US crude supply is rising just as the market weighs compliance by Opec on promised production cuts. Oil slipped to US$50.82 a barrel after sinking 3.8 per cent last session. Steel and iron ore futures surged to their daily limit in China amid more signs the government intends to squeeze excess capacity, and after the country’s factory-gate inflation reached the highest in five years. Gold futures added 0.1 per cent to settle at US$1,185.50 an ounce, the highest close since Nov 29. Demand is forecast to rise ahead of Chinese New Year. Bonds Yesterday’s US$24 billion three-year US bond sale drew the strongest investor appetite since August, with a gauge of demand known as the bid-to-cover ratio rising to 2.97. The yield was 1.472 per cent, the highest for an auction of the maturity since April 2010. Yields on 10-year Treasury notes rose by one basis point, or 0.01 percentage point, to 2.38 per cent, after falling five basis points on Monday. Bonds in core European countries were little changed, with the yield on 10-year bunds at 0.28 per cent. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week World’s eight richest as wealthy as half of humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Sterling hammered on Brexit reports, Asia markets sink Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay set for overhaul Not enough investment in green energy, firm finds Bet on ringgit, EM currencies to rebound, Allianz chief economist says China’s central bank launches spot investigation on bitcoin exchanges Ringgit likely to improve 4.40 against US dollar next week Cardholders need to start using pin to resolve teething problems Malaysia to consider more steps to stabilise ringgit if needed Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Chinese president arrives in Switzerland on state visit Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles US stocks little changed on mixed jobs report Second wind for US dollar before jobs undercuts bonds US stocks gain as yen, treasuries strengthen with gold Trump stock rally mostly benefiting the best-off, say analysts Wall Street treads water as investors await Fed decision Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Nasdaq hits record high 7:57 January 11, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk Jan. 11 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street gained as better-than-expected data from China underpinned optimism about the outlook as investors geared up for a fresh round of US corporate earnings. While you were sleeping: Nasdaq hits record high Jan. 11 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street gained as better-than-expected data from China underpinned optimism about the outlook as investors geared up for a fresh round of US corporate earnings. In 1.18pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average added 0.2 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.5 percent. In 1.03pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index gained 0.4 percent. The Nasdaq touched a record high 5,564.25. “We’ve shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering a wait-and-see mode with earnings knocking at the front door,” Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in News York, told Reuters. US banks JPMorgan, Bank of America and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report their latest quarterly earnings on Friday. “Earnings may be the pivot to move things higher,” Hogan noted. In the Dow, gains in shares of American Express and those of Caterpillar, recently up 2.5 percent and 2.2 percent respectively, outweighed falls in shares of IBM and those of Procter & Gamble, down 0.8 percent and 0.7 percent respectively. In the latest US economic data, the National Federation of Independent Business’s index climbed 7.4 points in December to 105.8, the highest in 12 years. “Rising confidence adds to the economy’s upward momentum,” Jim O’Sullivan, chief US economist at High Frequency Economics in Valhalla, New York, said in a note, Bloomberg reported. At the same time, the “NFIB membership appears to be disproportionately Republican, so it is possible that the data will start overstating strength, opposite the pattern during the Obama administration.” In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.1 percent advance from the previous close. France’s CAC 40 Index edged 0.01 percent higher, Germany’s DAX Index increased 0.2 percent, while the UK’s FTSE 100 Index rose 0.5 percent to close at a record high. Metals including copper and iron ore advanced after China’s producer price index climbed at the fastest pace in five years, exceeding expectations. The producer price index rose 5.5 percent in December from a year earlier, the most since September 2011, compared with a 3.3 percent increase in November, the National Statistics Bureau said. “Reflation continues in the factory sector,” Julia Wang, an economist at HSBC Holdings in Hong Kong, told Bloomberg. “The stable CPI suggests that the reflation is confined mostly in the industrial sector and hasn’t filtered into the real economy. So the PBOC would possibly not respond to it until inflation expands to the real economy.” (BusinessDesk) Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news NZ lamb returns may be dented as kiwi rises Adshel NZ launches ethnicity targeting initiative Downer NZ boss Bruyn departs to head up Fulton Hogan NZ food prices dip in December Silver Fern Farms Annual Result Christchurch to Again Host Awards!!! UPDATE: Hellaby directors change tune Organised crime getting easy ride under National Rents leap to end 2016 on a record high White-capped albatross census at the Auckland Islands New year, new chance to turn the inequality tide Inequality has Kiwi families living in garages McCaw wedding coverage touted with hefty copyright warning First post-earthquake train runs from Blenheim Emirates to Add Croatia to Europe Network Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My brother is addicted to opiates and wants to set up an LLC to control our mother’s estate 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release New Market Research Report on Electric Shavers by Technavio By Published: Jan 10, 2017 11:23 a.m. ET Share LONDON, Jan 10, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Technavio analysts forecast the global electric shaver marketto grow at a CAGR of almost 4% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170110005555/en/ The research study covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the global electric shavermarketfor 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, Technavio analysts use the revenue generated from the retail sale of electric shavers. The global electric shaver market is driven by the rising focus on personal grooming. The emphasis on clean-shaven look among men in urban areas and body hair removal among women is increasing the demand for electric shavers across the globe. The demand mainly arises from developed regions such as Europe and North America due to the wide acceptability of the product. However, the product is also gaining acceptance in other regions of the world with the increase in marketing activities by vendors and availability through online channels. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=55592 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio analysts highlight the following three factors that are contributing to the growth of the global electric shavermarket: Rising interest among men in grooming The transformation in the socio-economic scenario in major countries such as the US and the UK has led to an evolution in the concepts of beauty, wellness, and grooming. These ideas, which were traditionally considered female-centric, are becoming increasingly gender-neutral. People have become more confident about embracing their individuality. The millennials are less confined by traditional gender roles and conventional norms. Amber Chourasia, a lead health and wellnessanalyst at Technavio, says, “Marketers are capitalizing on this trend to gain market shares in the growing male grooming market. Globalization has led to the expansion of the highly educated and competitive elite class and upper middle class. The subsequent improvement in lifestyle has resulted in an increase in the demand for a range of premium grooming products such as electric shavers.” Large customer base in developing countries such as India and China China and India are populous countries with a population of 1.37 billion and 1.25 billion, respectively, in 2013. This has created a large customer base for male grooming products such as electric shavers. The millennial generation drives the growth of this market. In 2016, there were 385 million millennials in China, constituting more than 25% of the total population. The growing appearance conscious millennial generation, along with rising disposable income, has increased the demand for electric shavers. “Social media is one of the major influencers for millennials in terms of fashion and grooming. More than 50% of the millennial population in China and India are active social media users. Thus, an increase in marketing through social media is not only creating awareness among consumers but also persuading them to use grooming products for enhancing appearance,” adds Amber. Increased benefits provided by electric shavers Non-electric shavers have been in the market for a long time. However, they are increasingly replaced by electric shavers due to their advantages. Ease of use coupled with fast and effective results are some of the most important growth factors for electric shavers. They provide increased comfort and convenience while shaving since most products have flexible heads that can easily follow the contours of the face. A quality electric shaver causes little or no skin irritation and no bleeding during close shave, unlike razor blades. Products of well-established brands like Panasonic, Remington, Philips, and P&G are helping in achieving the desired results. With the pain of waxing and the unpleasant odor of hair removal creams, consumers are opting for electric shavers, which provide an easy option for removal of unwanted hair. Top vendors: Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights memberand access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like agricultural equipment, lab equipment, and outdoor gear. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170110005555/en/ SOURCE: Technavio Research"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Technavio Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 44-54 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World South Korea political crisis escalates as Samsung chief awaits fate 1484536015 World South Korea says securing THAAD location could be delayed 1484535447 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484535789 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484535652 World Japan firm under investigation after suicide of employee who worked 200 hours of overtime a month 1484535990 Singapore Foreign vehicles entering S'pore will be charged $6.40 per entry from Feb 15 1484533980 World Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency 1484533801 Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources 1484534312 World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors 1484534190 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484532606 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484533354 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484533365 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484533354 Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 Business Coty to buy majority stake in Younique for about $600 million mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 11:40 PM, January 10, 2017 Beauty products maker Coty Inc <COTY.N> said it would buy a 60 percent stake in privately held online cosmetics retailer Younique LLC for about $600 million as it reduces its dependence on its ailing fragrance business. Coty said it intends to buy the stake in Younique, through a combination of cash and debt. The deal is expected to immediately add to Coty's earnings in 2017. Younique also sells its cosmetics through individuals, known as 'presenters', who use social media and other direct selling methods to market the products. Coty has inked multiple deals, including the $12.5 billion acquisition of Procter & Gamble Co's <PG.N> specialty beauty business, which included brands such as Clairol and Wella. Younique is expected to generate revenue of about $400 million in 2016, Coty said on Tuesday. Coty had reported lower-than-expected quarterly revenue in November, citing slowdown in demand for its fragrances and color cosmetics. The company had said this slump in revenue would continue in the current quarter. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World Japan firm under investigation after suicide of employee who worked 200 hours of overtime a month Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' South Korea says securing THAAD location could be delayed Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency Business Japan firm under investigation after suicide of employee who worked 200 hours of overtime a month Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Caprylic Acid Market by Product & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Caprylic Acid Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 10, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Caprylic Acid Market is expected to reach $4.9 million by 2022. Increasing application scope in pharmaceutical industry and growing demand for organic personal care products are likely to drive demand over the forecast period. The factors that hinder the market are low raw material availability and increased application of caprylic acid may lead to health issues. North America is expected to observe major growth over the forecast period on account of the rising food & beverage and personal care segment. Europe is witnessing demand for the product through personal care sector and is expected to register considerable growth in the next 7 years. Asia Pacific region coupled with rising pharmaceutical research by industries is likely to open new opportunity for caprylic acid demand, which in turn is expected to propel production over the next seven years. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/caprylic-acid-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Some of the key players in the market include Vigon International Inc., Oleon, Wilmar International Ltd., Solazyme, VVF LLC, Hallstar, ChemCeed, Pacific Oleochemicals Sdn Bhd, P&G Chemicals, Acme Synthetic Chemicals, KLK Oleo, Ecogreen Oleochemicals, Forchem, Arizona Chemicals, Oxiteno, MeadWestVaco, Braido and CremerOleo. Applications Covered: - Food & beverage - Pharmaceutical - Personal care - Fragrance - Perfume - Sanitizer - Rubber and plastic - Grease - Lubricant - Others Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216345/sample 8 Company Profiling 8.1 Vigon International Inc. 8.2 Oleon 8.3 Wilmar International Ltd. 8.4 Solazyme 8.5 VVF LLC 8.6 Hallstar 8.7 ChemCeed 8.8 Pacific Oleochemicals Sdn Bhd 8.9 P&G Chemicals 8.10 Acme Synthetic Chemicals 8.11 KLK Oleo 8.12 Ecogreen Oleochemicals 8.13 Forchem 8.14 Arizona Chemicals 8.15 Oxiteno 8.16 MeadWestVaco 8.17 Braido 8.18 CremerOleo Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216345/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Pharmaceutical Excipients Market by Product & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Pharmaceutical Excipients Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 10, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Pharmaceutical Excipients Market is valued at $6.31 billion in 2015 and is projected to reach $10.24 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.16% from 2015 to 2022. This market is mainly driven by the increasing demand for functional excipients from the pharmaceutical industry. Increasing demand of patent cliffs, growing demand of generics, and emergence of recent excipients are some of the key factors contributing the market growth. However, increasing quality compliance and regulatory requirements for excipient manufacturers are some of the restraints hampering the market growth. Also restricted number of the U.S. FDA approved manufacturing sites due to regulatory restrictions may also inhibit the market growth. Additionally, Adoption of modern science and reduced drug toxicity are the major challenges faced by the pharmaceutical Excipients Market. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/pharmaceutical-excipients-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 . Some of the key players in the market include Associated British Foods Plc, Croda International Plc, Evonik Industries Ag, Roquette, Colorcon, Inc., Huntsman Corporation, Eastman Chemical Company, Archer Daniels Midland Company (Adm), Lubrizol Corporation, Fmc Corporation, Avantor Performance Materials, Inc., The Dow Chemical Company, Ashland, Inc., P&G and Basf Se. Products Covered: - Inorganic Chemicals - Calcium Phosphates - Calcium Carbonate - Calcium Sulphate - Halites - Metallic Oxides - Organic Chemicals - Carbohydrates - Petrochemicals - Oleochemicals - Proteins Functionality Covered: - Fillers & Diluents - Binders - Suspension & Viscosity Agents - Coatings - Flavoring Agents - Disintegrants - Colorants - Lubricants & Glidants - Preservatives Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216358/sample . Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216358/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Growth In Caffeine Still Potent, But Potential For Buzz Kills Looms Motif Investing , Benzinga Contributor   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 10, 2017 9:29am   Comments Share: This article was orignially published by Motif Investing. A few years ago, something and a quarter would get you a decent cup of coffee. These days? Something and about 225 quarters will get you a share of Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX) or Dunkin Brands Group Inc (NASDAQ: DNKN). Even after throwing in another 20 quarters for a coffee, it’s still a pretty good deal. Long a breakfast afterthought, coffee has emerged as one of the strongest segments of the restaurant and dining industry over the last generation. It’s a $48 billion business in the U.S. alone, with more than half of that dedicated to specialty coffee. And there’s plenty of room for growth – about 500 million cups of coffee are served daily around the planet, meaning almost 7 billion people are grumpier than normal today. There are a number of factors driving coffee’s moment. People are developing a serious coffee habit at an earlier age; among 18- to 24-year-olds, daily consumption has risen to 36 percent, nearly triple the 13 percent who drank coffee in 2008. Millennials also spend about $80 per month on coffee, well above the U.S. average of $67. More than other sectors of the restaurant industry, coffee shops have been in the forefront of innovation, harnessing mobile apps to drive customer traffic. One in every 5 Starbucks customers pays with a mobile phone, and the company is taking 5 million mobile orders every month. And while the U.S. slowly shakes off the last effects of the 2008 economic collapse, coffee has been found to be fairly resistant to hard times, losing surprisingly little ground during the Great Recession. According to the International Coffee Organization, people shifted consumption patterns, drinking about the same amount of coffee, but brewing it at home and using less expensive brands to save money. Concentrated Industry Imagine the typical coffee outlet. It probably involves a barista with a man-bun and liberal arts graduate degree running high-end coffee bean through an Aviatore Veloce TurboJet 100 Coffee Maker, an intimidating piece of equipment that more resembles a jet engine than a Mr. Coffee, while folk music plays softly in the background of the indie coffee shop. But that’s your imagination; the reality is that coffee is a highly concentrated sector, with more than 60 percent of the U.S. retail market controlled by Starbucks or Dunkin’ Brands. The Seattle-based Starbucks is the undisputed leader in the business, with almost 15,000 stores in its Americas division, plus another 5,500 in China, Asia and the Pacific. The coffee boom has pushed its net revenues to $13.3 billion during the most recent year, a 21 percent increase since 2013. Its stock, which traded in the low $20s as little as five years ago, has been selling in the mid- to high $50s over the past year. On the other side of the country, Canton, Mass.-based Dunkin’ Brands has seen its revenues from coffee jump nearly 8 percent to $614 million over the past year. The company has 8,431 U.S. outlets – almost all franchises, and nearly double the 4,815 that it reported a decade ago. Like Starbucks, Dunkin’ stock has risen from the low $20s five years ago to the mid-$50s, although with considerably more volatility. If there’s a wild card in the coffee business at the moment, it’s the J M Smucker Co (NYSE: SJM), an Orrville, Ohio-based corporation better known for jellies and jams than coffee. In the depths of the economic collapse, however, the company bought Folgers coffee from Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE: PG) for $2.95 billion. The acquisition has paid off with net sales of coffee increasing 8 percent last year, largely on the strength of single-serving pods sold under a Dunkin’ Donuts brand. Smucker also has taken aim at the growing Hispanic market, acquiring the 80-year-old Café Bustelo brand, as well as Café Pilon, both mainstays of south Florida’s Puerto Rican and Cuban coffee cultures. Investors may also want to be aware of a third player in the North American restaurant business – Restaurant Brands International, the Oakville, Ontario-based owner of Tim Hortons and Burger King that takes credit for selling 8 of every 10 cups of coffee poured in Canada. While the Canadian market may not be the world’s largest for coffee, Hortons has reached iconic status. Coffee is the most popular beverage in Canada, and the country leads the rest of the world in per-capita donut consumption; Hortons sells both. Strong Demand, Tight Supply Global demand for coffee is strong, no doubt; it’s the second most-traded commodity, trailing only oil. Investors need to be reminded that coffee is an agricultural commodity and that agricultural commodities are subject to extreme fluctuations in price. One of the most common maladies of coffee plants is a fungal disease known as coffee rust, which was first reported in East Africa in 1861. The disease initially causes defoliation, as well as death or yield reductions in subsequent years. A severe outbreak in Central America during the 2012-13 growing season dropped the harvest by 37 percent in El Salvador and 20 percent in Nicaragua. The outbreak cost growers more than $300 million. Another growing issue involves labor. Coffee is grown in a narrow belt between the Tropic of Cancer and Tropic of Capricorn, with about two-thirds of the harvest coming from four countries – Brazil, Vietnam, Colombia and Indonesia. A lack of workplace standards in many countries has led to poor housing conditions, low wages and child labor, even in places like Hawaii. Outrage over the poor working conditions has fueled the fair trade movement. While the movement has encouraged patronage from Millennials who frequently like making social statements with consumption patterns, the higher labor prices can cut into profits for coffee businesses. The biggest problem for coffee, however, may be unsolvable. Wild Arabica beans, which make up about 60 percent of coffee, could be extinct by 2080 because of climate change, according to a 2012 study released by the Royal Botanical Gardens, Kew. The amount of land that’s suitable for coffee could be cut by one-half as early as 2050, according to another study. This isn’t to say that coffee is a bad long-term investment; it’s a much sought-after product in a growing market. But investors should take a long view and be aware that coffee will always be a commodity that’s subject not just to the whims of the market, but also to the whims of nature. Posted-In: Motif InvestingEducation Commodities Topics Restaurants General © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (PG + DNKN) Jim Cramer On JPMorgan: Best Quarter Ever Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Dunkin Brands And STMicroelectronics 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Monday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 9, 2017 Jefferies' Recipe For Restaurant Investing In 2017 Meet This Year's Best Consumer Staples ETF View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 PRGNF, SBLK: Shippers On A Run Again Amid No News 2 SGYP, TENX: 7 Biotech Catalysts Remaining In January 3 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Elec... 4 SGMO, SN: 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Friday 5 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations For App... 6 MDT, PODD: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only... 7 IBM: Patience About To Pay Off For Bu... 1 DXCM, PODD: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose Monitoring With... 2 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show They're Wil... 3 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Election-Tr... 4 IBM, OAK: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubber Necking 5 NTODY, NTDOY: How Nintendo's Last 4 Gaming Consoles... 6 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations Fo... 7 SNAK, ARRY: Mid-Afternoon Market Update:... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Tuesday Barracuda Networks Posts Solid Q3 Results; D.A. Davidson Upgrades
Coty to Enter into Partnership with Younique, a Leading Online Peer-to-Peer Social Selling Platform in Beauty January 10, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Coty Inc. (NYSE: COTY) announced today that it has entered into a partnership with the Founders of Younique, a leading online peer-to-peer social selling platform in beauty. Under the proposed agreement, Coty intends to acquire 60% of Younique while the Founders will own the remaining 40%. Younique’s Founder and current CEO, Derek Maxfield, and Chief Visionary Officer, Melanie Huscroft, will continue to lead the business in the new partnership. Younique was founded in 2012 in the United States by siblings Derek Maxfield and Melanie Huscroft, with a mission to uplift, empower and validate women across the globe. Younique’s innovative makeup and skin care products are sold through its disruptive peer-to-peer e-commerce platform. This platform enables Younique’s community of independent presenters to leverage social media in marketing and distributing Younique’s line of innovative beauty products directly to consumers. Younique’s highly scalable technology platform is built for mobile-first e-commerce and seamless global expansion, with approximately 200,000 active presenters and over 4.1 million consumers in 10 countries, including the U.S., U.K., Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Germany, Mexico, France, Spain and Hong Kong. Younique expects to generate approximately $400 million in net revenues in 2016. This partnership will combine Younique’s high growth e-commerce platform and social selling direct-to-consumer business model with Coty’s beauty product R&D and innovation know-how, as well as its extensive manufacturing and supply chain capabilities. Together, Younique and Coty expect to accelerate the product offering and geographical expansion of Younique. Coty will acquire a 60% stake of Younique for approximately $600 million in cash which will be funded through a combination of cash on hand and available debt facilities with marginal impact on Coty’s leverage ratio. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close during Coty’s 2017 fiscal third quarter. The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to Coty’s top-line growth, EBITDA margin and FY17 earnings. Camillo Pane, Coty’s Chief Executive Officer, said, “Derek and Melanie are tremendous entrepreneurs who have built one of the most engaging and fastest growing e-commerce companies in beauty. Alongside the rest of Younique’s team and in partnership with their presenters, they have been able to impact the lives of millions of consumers across a number of countries with a mission to uplift and empower women. We look forward to working with them to continue supporting this mission and building Younique into a leading global e-commerce beauty company.” Derek Maxfield, Younique’s CEO and Founder, said, “We are thrilled to have Coty as a partner and expect that together we will be able to take Younique to new heights. Coty and Younique share a passion for beauty, an entrepreneurial spirit, as well as complementary missions. I am very excited about this partnership and everything it can bring to Younique’s employees, presenters and loyal consumers across the world.” Younique will operate as a separate business within Coty’s Consumer Beauty division. It will continue to be led by its current CEO, Derek Maxfield, Chief Visionary Officer, Melanie Huscroft, and Younique’s management team, in partnership with Coty. Coty is proud to support the further advancement of the Younique Foundation and its mission to support and empower victims of sexual abuse and their families. About Coty Inc. Coty is one of the world’s largest beauty companies with approximately $9 billion in revenue, with a purpose to celebrate and liberate the diversity of consumers’ beauty. Its strong entrepreneurial heritage has created an iconic portfolio of leading beauty brands. Coty is the global leader in fragrance, a strong number two in professional salon hair color & styling, and number three in color cosmetics. Coty operates three divisions – Coty Consumer Beauty, which is focused on color cosmetics, retail hair coloring and styling products, body care and mass fragrances sold primarily in the mass retail channels with brands such as COVERGIRL, Max Factor and Rimmel; Coty Luxury, which is focused on prestige fragrances and skincare with brands such as Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs, Hugo Boss, Gucci and philosophy; and Coty Professional Beauty, which is focused on servicing salon owners and professionals in both hair and nail, with brands such as Wella Professionals, Sebastian Professional and OPI. Coty has approximately 20,000 colleagues globally and its products are sold in over 130 countries. Coty and its brands are committed to a range of social causes as well as seeking to minimize its impact on the environment. For additional information about Coty Inc., please visit www.coty.com. About Younique Founded in 2012 by Derek Maxfield and Melanie Huscroft, Younique is a disruptive, peer-to-peer e-commerce platform that enables its community of independent presenters to leverage social media to market and distribute Younique’s line of innovative beauty products. Younique offers high-quality cosmetic and skin care products via its approximately 200,000 active presenters, selling in 10 countries. The company's product philosophy focuses on the intersection of science and nature to offer innovative and trend-leading products that support strong brand recognition with loyal presenters and consumers. Younique is a mission-first company, committed to uplifting, empowering and validating women everywhere. The company currently operates in the following markets: United States, Canada, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Spain, and Hong Kong. Younique is a high growth beauty business and expects to generate approximately $400 million in net revenues in 2016 with strong profitability. Discover more at: www.youniqueproducts.com Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this communication are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect Coty Inc.’s (“Coty’s”) current views with respect to, among other things, the future operations and financial performance of Younique and Coty, expected growth, Coty’s ability to support its planned business operations on a near- and long-term basis, the risks and rewards of a partnership with Younique, the ability to operate Younique as a separate business, the limited integration and synergies expected from the partnership with Younique, and expected EPS and margin accretion. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by words or phrases, such as “anticipate”, “estimate”, “plan”, “project”, “expect”, “believe”, “intend”, “foresee”, “forecast”, “will”, “may”, “should”, “outlook”, “continue”, “target”, “aim” and similar words or phrases. These statements are based on certain assumptions and estimates that Coty considers reasonable and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Coty, which could cause actual events or results to differ materially from such statements, including: Coty’s ability to achieve its global business strategy, compete effectively in the beauty industry and achieve the benefits contemplated by the partnership with Younique within the expected time frame; Inherent risks associated with joint ventures and partnerships, including relating to control and decision-making, compliance, financial accounting and tax considerations, transparency and customer relations; managerial, integration, operational, regulatory, legal and financial risks associated with acquisitions generally and the transaction with Younique specifically, including risks related to the entry into a new distribution channel, the potential for channel conflict, risks of retaining customers, Presenters and key employees, difficulties of integration (or the risks associated with limiting integration), risks related to regulation of multi-level marketing business models, ability to protect trademarks and brand names, litigation or investigations by governmental authorities; changes in law, regulations and policies that affect Coty’s or Younique’s business or products, including risk that direct selling laws and regulations may be modified, interpreted or enforced in a manner that results in a negative impact to Younique’s business model, revenue, sales force or business; Coty, its brand partners' and licensors' and Younique’s ability to obtain, maintain and protect the intellectual property rights, including trademarks, brand names and other intellectual property used in their respective businesses, products and software, and their abilities to protect their respective reputations; Risks to Coty and Younique of claims by third parties for infringement on intellectual property rights; Younique’s relationship with, and its ability to influence the actions of, its Presenters, as well as the potential for Presenters to violate applicable law or have their classification as independent contractors challenged; the integration of The Procter & Gamble Company’s (“P&G”) global fine fragrances, salon professional, cosmetics and retail hair color businesses, along with select hair styling brands with Coty’s business, operations and culture and the ability to realize synergies and other potential benefits within the time frames currently contemplated; Coty’s ability to successfully execute its announced intent to divest or discontinue non-strategic brands and to rationalize wholesale distribution by reducing the amount of product diversion to the value and mass channels; Coty’s and Younique’s ability to anticipate, gauge and respond to market trends and consumer preferences, which may change rapidly, and the market acceptance of new products; risks related to Coty’s and Younique’s international operations, including reputational, regulatory, economic and foreign political risks; dependence of Coty and Younique on certain licenses, entities performing outsourced functions and third-party suppliers, including third party software providers; administrative, development and other difficulties in meeting the expected timing of market expansions, product launches and marketing efforts; global political and/or economic uncertainties or disruptions; consolidation among retailers, shifts in consumers’ preferred distribution channels and other changes in the retail and wholesale environment in which Coty and Younique do business and sell their products; increased competition, including as a result of adoption by competitors of Coty’s or Younique’s technology and go-to-market strategies; disruptions in operations, including due to disruptions or consolidation in supply chain, manufacturing rights or information systems, labor disputes and natural disasters; increasing dependency on information technology and Coty's and Younique’s ability to protect against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, costs and timing of implementation and effectiveness of any upgrades to their respective information technology systems and failure by Coty or Younique to comply with any privacy or data security laws or to protect against theft of Presenter, customer, employee and corporate sensitive information; the illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of Coty’s and Younique’s products; and other factors described elsewhere in this document and from time to time in documents that Coty files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. More information about potential risks and uncertainties that could affect the Coty’s business and financial results is included under the heading “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Coty’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 and other periodic reports Coty has filed and may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. All forward-looking statements made in this communication are qualified by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this communication, and Coty does not undertake any obligation, other than as may be required by law, to update or revise any forward-looking or cautionary statements to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of events, unanticipated or otherwise, or changes in future operating results over time or otherwise. Contacts Coty Investor Relations Kevin Monaco, +1 212 389 6815 or Media Jennifer Friedman, +1 917 754 8399 Jennifer_Friedman@cotyinc.com Contacts Coty Investor Relations Kevin Monaco, +1 212 389 6815 or Media Jennifer Friedman, +1 917 754 8399 Jennifer_Friedman@cotyinc.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The former Saatchi & Saatchi exec who resigned after making controversial comments about gender is now the chairman of a PR agency Lara O'Reilly Jan. 10, 2017, 8:05 AM 645 facebook linkedin twitter email print Kevin Roberts.Vittorio Zunino Celotto/Getty Images Kevin Roberts, the former executive chairman of advertising agency Saatchi & Saatchi who resigned from his role following controversial comments he made about gender in the advertising industry in an interview with Business Insider last year, has been hired by UK communications firm Beattie as its chairman. Roberts, who was also head coach of Saatchi's parent company Publicis Groupe, will be charged with coaching the senior Beattie team and helping the 30-year-old company grow internationally. Beattie is headquartered in London and has eight offices in the UK. It claims to be the biggest B2B PR agency and marketing consultancy in the country, projecting global group turnover of £50 million ($60.7 million) by 2020. The company, which also includes the Only agency, works with clients including Huggies, Seven Seas, La Redoute, and Porvair. Beattie says seven of the 10 members of its leadership team are women. In a press release, Beattie Group CEO Laurna Woods, said: "We are delighted to have recruited one of the world’s most inspirational business minds to help us expand in the UK, North America and Australasia." Roberts said in the release: "Beattie’s 2017 strategy is clear – recruit great people and open offices in line with client needs. We’re in for some exciting times as we build the Beattie and Only brands internationally." The former Saatchi executive resigned from his position in August days after he was placed "on leave of absence" by Publicis Groupe in response to the comments he made in an interview, suggesting that the debate about diversity in the advertising industry was "over" and that he spent "no time" thinking about the issue because the France-based holding company had a 50-50 gender split amongst all its staff.  His comments made headlines around the world and many senior executives in the advertising industry heaped their criticism on Roberts following the interview's publication. Publicis Groupe CEO Maurice Levy released a statement shortly after the article was published saying Roberts' comments were "unacceptable," while Saatchi & Saatchi CEO Robert Senior said Roberts' views were not the position of the agency and "the issue of gender diversity is not in any way over for our industry." In a statement announcing his resignation Roberts apologized that his "miscommunication" had caused offense. In a TV interview that aired in New Zealand in December, Roberts said his statements were misunderstood and were taken out of context. He also admitted his judgment had been "appalling" and he was "tired, fatigued, in the middle of interview number four and was not at my best. Fail." Roberts has also since become the chairman of another company, a New Zealand cricket app called CricHQ, in which he was also made a "seven-figure" investment, according to Stuff. Roberts began his advertising career in 1969 at Mary Quant cosmetics in the UK, where he was a brand manager. According to New York magazine, Roberts had persuaded management to hire him even though he had no experience by offering to work for six months at half-pay. From there he joined Gillette's marketing team, working on women's toiletries, before joining Procter & Gamble in 1975, where he spent seven years as chief of marketing for its Middle East division. It was there that he first got to know Saatchi, as the agency's client. He later went on to Pepsi in the Middle East before switching to become CEO of Pepsi Canada. After that he spent seven years as director and chief operating officer of the New Zealand brewery Lion Nathan before eventually joining Saatchi & Saatchi as global CEO in 1997. In 2015, his role changed to executive chairman of Saatchi & Saatchi and head coach at Publicis Groupe. The head coach role involved supporting the company's "P12" directors and helping the company with its recent restructuring. Outside his advertising job, Roberts is a business ambassador for the New Zealand United States Council and the chairman of the home-delivery service My Food Bag. He also teaches at the Judge Business School at Cambridge University. He has written three books: "64 Shots: Leadership in a Crazy World," "Peak Performance: Business Lessons from the World's Top Sporting Organizations," and "Lovemarks: the Future Beyond Brands." SEE ALSO: Saatchi & Saatchi chairman Kevin Roberts has resigned following his controversial gender diversity comments NOW WATCH: 6 'healthy' eating habits you are better off giving up Loading video... More: Saatchi & Saatchi Kevin Roberts Prime Beattie Group facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The former Saatchi & Saatchi exec who resigned after making controversial comments about gender is now the chairman of a PR agency The former Saatchi & Saatchi exec who resigned after making controversial comments about gender is now the chairman of a PR agency Kevin Roberts, the former executive chairman of... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Advertising Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Advertising Select Advertising: The Brief More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan The other Bansal bites the dust as Tiger takes firm hold of Flipkart The new man in the hot seat, Kalyan Krishnamurthy, now has the headache of battling a rampaging Amazon while building and sustaining consumer, investor, and employee confidence. He hasn't done too badly so far though. By Rajiv Rao for New Tech for Old India | January 10, 2017 -- 02:42 GMT (18:42 PST) | Topic: E-Commerce What a year it has been for Flipkart. Exactly one year ago, Flipkart co-founder Sachin Bansal stepped down as CEO of India's largest e-tailer Flipkart. He revealed, later on that year, that a series of missed targets cost him his job. Today, his namesake and co-founder Binny Bansal, who stepped into Sachin's shoes as CEO last January, has done exactly the same thing, and you can be sure that the company's grand overseer, majority owner Tiger Global Management, has ousted him for pretty much the same reasons. Replacing him as per the edicts of Lee Fixel -- grand poobah of Tiger who has apparently taken special interest in India -- is former Tiger executive Kalyan Krishnamurthy, who was injected into Flipkart around August last year along with the wonderfully cryptic title of Category Design Organisation. Latest news on Asia ​Samsung chief grilled for 22 hours as suspect in Korean presidential scandal ​Harman shareholders oppose Samsung deal in lawsuit: Report Samsung begins rolling out Android Nougat to Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge Samsung to release folding smartphone in Q3 2017: Report China runs checks on Bitcoin exchanges Some say that the die was cast right then as Krishnamurthy began to call the shots in earnest pretty much from the get-go, effectively sidelining Binny, and piloting the chariot headlong into the most critical sales event of the year during which companies make or break their numbers -- namely, the holiday festival period of Diwali. It was a critical period for the company that had been foundering badly on a number of fronts. At the time of Krishnamurthy joining Flipkart, Amazon was eating the Indian e-tailer's lunch. It was the only company to have gobbled up market share in the preceding year while Flipkart ceded ground. In what was a sizzling ecommerce market with huge headroom to grow, Flipkart's revenue growth had actually declined, while Amazon's was racing along at a 150 percent clip. None of this was helped by Amazon's announcement that Seattle was plonking another $3 billion into its Indian arm. This was all simply more chilli rubbed into recent wounds. For one, Flipkart had received significant valuation "haircuts" of up to 40 percent, which was widely reported and commented upon in the press and social media. This further strangulated its efforts to raise money. Somehow, everyone suddenly began to see that the emperor had no clothes; the company had been motoring along burning vast amounts of venture money in order to finance huge losses at the rate of tens of millions of dollars per month thanks to its sole reliance on gross merchandise value. Almost half of its goods sold were smartphones -- which meant that there was no attention paid to product diversity and therefore customer loyalty. Plus, in an act of sheer lunacy, it shut down its mobile and desktop website and put all its chips on an app-only strategy which it has now rescinded. Meanwhile, half of its much ballyhooed recent senior hires from Silicon Valley and McKinsey abandoned ship. The icing on the rotten cake was a publicly criticized attempt to delay the start dates of new hires from the country's best business schools. There was much housecleaning to be done if there was any hope of competing with a rampaging Amazon, and Krishnamurthy, who formerly worked with Procter & Gamble in a supply chain capacity and with eBay in finance before joining Tiger, was the one chosen to do so. Krishnamurthy's immediate and enormous challenge upon taking over was to best Amazon during the intense sales event of the year -- Diwali -- and he seemed to have delivered. Flipkart's sales of 15.5 million units outsold Amazon's 15 million units, generating gross sales of at least 3,000 crore rupees during its five-day flagship sale Big Billion Days (BBD), although it's anybody's guess as to who generated the greater net revenue, if at all. According to Mint, however, Flipkart was, by and large, comfortably ahead of Amazon in terms of sales. Considering its past woes and so-far anemic challenge to the Great White Shark from Seattle, this was probably enough to generate widespread euphoria within the company and amongst its investors, profits be damned (which, frankly, is still an unrealistic expectation for ecommerce in India). We will never probably know this anytime soon, but I imagine that both the co-founding Bansals are a little more than relieved to be handing over their baby to Tiger. Binny now becomes group chief executive -- although who knows what that really means since Krishnamurthy has sole operating control over the main company. Sachin remains executive chairman. Both Bansals should be proud that they successfully built Flipkart into the household name that it is today while making a gigantic pile of cash for themselves, which is no mean feat. More importantly, preserving that valuation and keeping pace with the Great White Shark is somebody else's headache. That somebody is now Krishnamurthy, who will soon find out how unforgiving oversights, slips, miscalculations, and errors can be in this cut-throat market, while his recent success has already become a faded, distant memory. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility ​Google Chrome gets Wayback Machine extension: End to the pain of 404 errors? E-Commerce Amazon plans to beef up to 280,000 employees, add 100,000 in next 18 months SMBs PayPal partners with Discover for tokenization services, in-store payments E-Commerce Alibaba wants to redefine offline-online retail space with Intime buyout × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Sunday, January 15, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search Chicago's D.C. clout exits with Obama How this Chicago company makes green on golf—even in the dead of winter Why a hospital turf war is cranking up in the south suburbs The hottest lender in Chicago? It's not a name you know Something else Amazon delivers CTA buses rolling downhill Trump and Blagojevich share much more than big hair How high is too high for these industrial stocks? The blues is Chicago's most famous global cultural export. Why don't we do more to promote it? 10 in-demand Chicago jobs in 2017 × Chicago's D.C. clout exits with Obama How this Chicago company makes green on golf—even in the dead of winter Why a hospital turf war is cranking up in the south suburbs The hottest lender in Chicago? It's not a name you know Something else Amazon delivers CTA buses rolling downhill Trump and Blagojevich share much more than big hair How high is too high for these industrial stocks? The blues is Chicago's most famous global cultural export. Why don't we do more to promote it? 10 in-demand Chicago jobs in 2017 × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move January 10, 2017 By Brigid Sweeney New Burnett CEO sees a future of data, meditation and 'radical self-care' Andrew Swinand may be the new North American CEO of Leo Burnett, but he's already a familiar face to many in the hallways of the advertising agency's home base at 35 W. Wacker Drive. Swinand, 48, is a former president of Burnett's sibling, media agency Starcom, both of which are headquartered in the same building and owned by French holding company Publicis. His return to the Publicis fold, announced yesterday, represents both a homecoming and a significant change in the creative agency's attitude toward technology... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video In Pictures Search Go Home › Business › Business News Unilever chief for women's conference By Staff Reporter Published 10/01/2017 0 Comments Share Unilever chief for women's conference BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A US businesswoman who ran make-up brand Max Factor will address a major women's leadership conference in March. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/unilever-chief-for-womens-conference-35353529.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article35354820.ece/3377c/AUTOCROP/h342/p2%20pic%20story%20vasiliki%20petrou.jpg Email Vasiliki Petrou is Unilever executive vice-president of prestige brands, including REN Skincare and Dermalogica A US businesswoman who ran make-up brand Max Factor will address a major women's leadership conference in March. Vasiliki Petrou is now executive vice-president of prestige brands at Unilever. She will address the 10th Institute of Directors (IoD) Women's Leadership Conference on March 10. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Unilever now owns premium skincare brands REN Skincare, Kate Somerville Skincare, Dermalogica and Murad. Before joining Unilever, Ms Petrou worked for 16 years at consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble, where she was in charge of Max Factor. Ms Petrou said she looked forwared to celebrating female business leaders at the event. The Women's Leadership Conference takes place at Titanic Belfast. Belfast Telegraph Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More Inequality more shocking than ever, world leaders warned ahead of talks  Growing inequality means a group of men that could easily fit into one golf buggy own the same wealth as half the world, campaigners have warned world leaders gathering for talks in Switzerland. Couple launch crowdfunding campaign to set up energy firm  A couple fed up with the performance of energy suppliers are launching a crowdfunding campaign to start their own company. Talks held in bid to resolve Fujitsu pay, pensions and jobs dispute  Talks will be held this week in a bid to resolve a long-running dispute on pay, pensions and job security at Fujitsu. Leading employers for graduates 'offering starting salaries of up to £45,000'  Some of the country's leading employers for university leavers are offering graduate starting salaries of up to £45,000, a report has found. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Property tycoon Michael Taggart facing bankruptcy after losing legal battle  Business News Rolls-Royce Motor Cars not seeking assurances after Brexit vote, says chief  Business News Struggling pound brings sales boost for Primark  Business News AIG puts the feelers out over possible Dublin switch  Business News Jeremy Corbyn: Theresa May's Brexit strategy a recipe for trade war with Europe  UK Family's fury that Conor Murphy may replace McGuinness  Northern Ireland Sheep attack shepherd in Germany [Video]  Offbeat Living in a 280-year-old cottage with no running water, electricity, TV or phone - meet...  Features Watch: Beautiful video of Tyrone groom singing his bride up the aisle gets 10 million...  Video News Paul Givan reveals plans for Northern Ireland community halls to receive £2m...  Northern Ireland We must reject the politics of hatred and spite to move forward Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next? Brilliant, fascinating and complicated - Molly Keane and the Anglo Irish world that proved her inspiration Victoria Beckham 'launches legal action over Spice Girls reunion' NI groom singing bride up aisle gets 10m views NI restaurant shock after family leaves £1,000 tip Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's for Dsqo [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Villa for Fat Wednesdays [Photos]  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland David Ervine's sister-in-law Linda hits out at DUP diehards over attitude to Irish language  Northern Ireland Irish 'toilet' tattoo divides internet  Food and Drink Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next?  Offbeat Fox frozen in block of ice after falling into Danube  Northern Ireland Poll: Would you support joint authority for Republic of Ireland and UK governments over Northern Ireland...  News Newsreader throws tantrum over colleague's dress  Northern Ireland Foster reveals social media death threat to cut her head off  Technology WhatsApp backdoor means messages can be intercepted  World Teenager crowdfunds $12,500 after parents 'no longer support her' due to black boyfriend  News Martin McGuinness, from IRA man to minister - his journey in pictures [Photos]  Northern Ireland Brrr! Snow sweeps across NI - send us your pictures  Northern Ireland Belfast mum and dad shot for refusing to hand son over to republican paramilitaries  Northern Ireland Northern Ireland developer building homes without planning permission  Northern Ireland You won't stop me digging: BBC's Nolan tells DUP  Food and Drink 9 best breakfasts to cure hangovers  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video In Pictures Search Go

Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News U.S. charges Volkswagen executive with fraud over emissions scandal Auto executives, with eye on Trump, highlight U.S. investments Business Standard Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; Nasdaq boosted by health stocks Reuters  January 10, 2017 Last Updated at 01:48 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USbZYB ALSO READ Oil majors drag down S&P, Dow; tech stocks boost Nasdaq Dow flat as oil skids; S&P, Nasdaq boosted by health Dow, S&P gain on oil rally; tech stocks weigh on Nasdaq Oil drags on Dow, S&P; Nasdaq boosted by Applied Materials S&P, Dow eye record; techs boost Nasdaq to all-time high By Sinead Carew (Reuters) - Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and stalled the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high. The S&P's energy sector <.SPNY> dropped 1.4 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. [O/R] Investors were taking a breather ahead of the fourth-quarter earnings season and the next U.S. President's administration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump who has promised tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus. "We're waiting for the roll-out of earnings and the initial forays of the Trump administration," Stephen Massocca, chief investment officer, Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. "I don't see significant moves in the market until those events unwind." The financial sector <.SPSY> was down 0.6 percent on Monday. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop was the Dow's biggest drag. Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline and a 1.2 percent drop in Chevron were also big weights. The Dow came tantalisingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 2:53 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> was down 59.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,904.71, the S&P 500 <.SPX> had lost 6.5 points, or 0.285466 percent, to 2,270.48 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> had added 10.94 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,531.99. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector <.SPXHC> was the biggest gainer helped by a string of multi-billion dollar deals. Nasdaq was boosted most by healthcare stocks, led by Incyte's 19.9 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program. [L1N1EZ0PH] The consumer staples sector was down 0.6 percent with P&G and Coca-Cola among the biggest drags after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stocks to "sell." Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after agreeing to a $7.7 billion buyout offer from candy and pet foods maker Mars Inc. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda <4502.T>. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.3 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.37-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 5 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 53 new highs and 15 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Stocks | Dow Jones | Nasdaq | Oil PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; Nasdaq boosted by health stocks (Reuters) - Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and stalled the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high. By Sinead Carew (Reuters) - Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and stalled the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high. The S&P's energy sector <.SPNY> dropped 1.4 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. [O/R] Investors were taking a breather ahead of the fourth-quarter earnings season and the next U.S. President's administration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump who has promised tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus. "We're waiting for the roll-out of earnings and the initial forays of the Trump administration," Stephen Massocca, chief investment officer, Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. "I don't see significant moves in the market until those events unwind." The financial sector <.SPSY> was down 0.6 percent on Monday. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop was the Dow's biggest drag. Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline and a 1.2 percent drop in Chevron were also big weights. The Dow came tantalisingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 2:53 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> was down 59.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,904.71, the S&P 500 <.SPX> had lost 6.5 points, or 0.285466 percent, to 2,270.48 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> had added 10.94 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,531.99. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector <.SPXHC> was the biggest gainer helped by a string of multi-billion dollar deals. Nasdaq was boosted most by healthcare stocks, led by Incyte's 19.9 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program. [L1N1EZ0PH] The consumer staples sector was down 0.6 percent with P&G and Coca-Cola among the biggest drags after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stocks to "sell." Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after agreeing to a $7.7 billion buyout offer from candy and pet foods maker Mars Inc. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda <4502.T>. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.3 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.37-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 5 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 53 new highs and 15 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; Nasdaq boosted by health stocks By Sinead Carew (Reuters) - Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and stalled the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high. The S&P's energy sector <.SPNY> dropped 1.4 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. [O/R] Investors were taking a breather ahead of the fourth-quarter earnings season and the next U.S. President's administration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump who has promised tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus. "We're waiting for the roll-out of earnings and the initial forays of the Trump administration," Stephen Massocca, chief investment officer, Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. "I don't see significant moves in the market until those events unwind." The financial sector <.SPSY> was down 0.6 percent on Monday. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop was the Dow's biggest drag. Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline and a 1.2 percent drop in Chevron were also big weights. The Dow came tantalisingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 2:53 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> was down 59.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,904.71, the S&P 500 <.SPX> had lost 6.5 points, or 0.285466 percent, to 2,270.48 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> had added 10.94 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,531.99. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector <.SPXHC> was the biggest gainer helped by a string of multi-billion dollar deals. Nasdaq was boosted most by healthcare stocks, led by Incyte's 19.9 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program. [L1N1EZ0PH] The consumer staples sector was down 0.6 percent with P&G and Coca-Cola among the biggest drags after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stocks to "sell." Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after agreeing to a $7.7 billion buyout offer from candy and pet foods maker Mars Inc. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda <4502.T>. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.3 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.37-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 5 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 53 new highs and 15 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My brother is addicted to opiates and wants to set up an LLC to control our mother’s estate 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Canada Dry ginger ale jumps on energy drink craze… sort of By Tonya Garcia Published: Jan 10, 2017 10:30 a.m. ET Share Dr. Pepper Snapple was upgraded by Goldman Sachs on Monday By TonyaGarcia Reporter Bloomberg Canada Dry goes from the farm to the gym in its new ads. Who says you have to be an energy drink to advertise like one? Canada Dry, part of the Dr. Pepper Snapple Group Inc. portfolio of brands, is making a push with the sporting crowd as the popularity of energy drinks grows among consumers. But it’s not actually launching a new energy drink. The ginger ale brand has previously pushed a message about relaxation in ads focused on the drink’s ginger-farm roots. It’s now turning to scenes from the gym for its latest spots, which will debut Monday on ESPN and NBC Sports. But the ads still hang on to their “relaxation” theme. Consumers are increasingly turning away from traditional carbonated drinks and toward beverages like energy drinks. Cowen & Company analysts suggested last month that Coca Cola Co. KO, -0.17%   acquire the remaining stake in Monster Beverage Corp. MNST, +3.25%   in order to take full advantage of this trend. “While consumers are clearly showing increased concern over sugar consumption, the consumer has not rejected sugary beverages outright as we consistently see outsized growth for sugar beverage categories that also offer consumers a functional benefit to help justify that sugary beverage occasion,” analysts wrote in a note. Read also: It’s time to sell Coke and P&G stocks, Goldman says The new ad also comes on the heels of an upgrade of Dr. Pepper Snapple DPS, +0.06%   by Goldman Sachs. “While in general we do not favor large companies buying into growth, we believe the recently announced acquisition of Bai, should it close on announced terms, is a strategic fit that could bolster Dr. Pepper Snapple’s sales growth and de-risk a potential distribution loss that could occur if Bai is sold to another company,” the Monday note said. Bai is a line of antioxidant beverages made with “smart sweeteners” like those from the Stevia leaf. Analysts also believe that Dr. Pepper Snapple is well-positioned if tax policies change. “[I]n the even broader tax policy changes occur as currently proposed, Dr. Pepper Snapple would be a relative beneficiary given its current high tax rate (35%), limited mismatch from a destination-based tax perspective, and low likelihood of sizeable incremental debt post the announced Bai acquisition,” the note said. Dr. Pepper Snapple shares are down 0.3% in Tuesday, and are down 2.4% for the past 12 months. The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.18%   is up 18% for the past year. More from MarketWatch The Ex-British Spy Behind Trump Dossier: What We Know Trump Press Conference: Five Announcements Obama Gets Emotional During Tribute to Wife Michelle Quote References KO -0.07 -0.17% MNST +1.40 +3.25% DPS +0.05 +0.06% SPX +4.20 +0.18% Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $40.88 -0.07 (-0.17%) Volume 8.0M Open $41.00 High $41.04 Low $40.69 P/E Ratio 24.78 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 176.3B Monster Beverage Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MNST $44.51 +1.40 (+3.25%) Volume 4.5M Open $45.25 High $45.25 Low $43.95 P/E Ratio 39.86 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 25.4B Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DPS $89.54 +0.05 (+0.06%) Volume 879.9K Open $89.73 High $89.99 Low $89.06 P/E Ratio 19.42 Div Yield 2.37 Market Cap 16.4B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,273 High 2,279 Low 2,272 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Menu Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Sign In HeraldNet.com Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Mars expands in pet care with $7.7 billion purchase of VCA Mon Jan 9th, 2017 1:19pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Zachary Tracer and Craig Giammona Bloomberg Candy giant Mars Inc., facing a slowdown in packaged food, is making a bigger bet on a booming industry: pet care. The maker of M&Ms and Snickers agreed to buy the animal-hospital chain VCA Inc. for about $7.7 billion on Monday — not including debt — expanding on its existing veterinary-care business. Mars will pay $93 a share in cash, a 31 percent premium to VCA’s closing price of $70.77 on Friday. The acquisition turns Mars into a dominant company in corporate-owned pet hospitals, an area that’s exploded in recent years — helped by Americans treating their pets more like family members. It also could help bolster Mars’s current pet brands, including Pedigree and Whiskas. At a time when human food isn’t growing as quickly, the deal may make more sense for Mars than buying another snack business, said Ken Shea, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. “They see growth and they see diversity,” he said. “Why double down on food when it’s not growing that fast?” The total value for the deal is about $9.1 billion, including $1.4 billion in outstanding debt. Shares of VCA, which trade under the ticker WOOF, surged as much as 29 percent to $91.03 on Monday after the transaction was announced. Closely held Mars had already been building out its pet business, including both food and hospital care. The company owns Banfield Pet Hospital and BluePearl Veterinary Partners, and it’s acquired pet-food brands from Procter & Gamble Co. VCA, meanwhile, operates almost 800 animal hospitals in the U.S. and Canada. The deeper push into the pet business by Mars comes as large packaged-food companies are struggling with flagging sales. Changing consumer tastes, particularly a desire for less processed foods, has made it difficult for the companies that have dominated grocery-store shelves. Efforts to reduce sugar intake have struck an additional blow to candy makers such as Mars. That’s added pressure to diversify their portfolios. Spending on pets has surged in the U.S., fueled by the “humanization” of dogs and cats. Americans spent $35 billion on veterinary care in 2015. VCA, a pioneer in the field, has grown by buying up hundreds of veterinary hospitals — an approach that’s now being adopted by rival companies. Mars, based in McLean, Virginia, expects the VCA deal to be completed in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley and BDT & Co. provided financial advice to Mars, while legal advisers included Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, Simpson Thacher & Bartlett and McDermott Will & Emery. Barclays advised VCA, and the company’s legal advisers were Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld and Potter Anderson Corroon. “VCA is a leader across pet health care and the opportunity we see together — for pets, pet owners, veterinarians and other pet-care providers — is tremendous,” Mars Chief Executive Officer Grant Reid said in a statement. Most Read Everett man allegedly threatens 2 with machete EVERETT — An Everett man landed in jail after allegedly striking two… Jan 14th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Seattle Seahawks vs. Atlanta Falcons: Game Day preview Saturday’s game between the Seattle Seahawks (10-5-1) and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5)… Jan 14th, 2017 by Nick Patterson Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Jan 14th, 2017 Flu death toll rises to 8 in Snohomish County EVERETT — This year’s influenza epidemic has now killed eight people in… Jan 14th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Illegal parking lot highlights silt problems in area streams KENMORE — As Eric Adman paddled a canoe into the mouth of… Jan 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Us Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Shares of J&J and Procter & Gamble Could Be Ready to Break Out After a period of consolidation, several personal care products companies look like they are about to rally. Rhonda Schaffler Jan 9, 2017 3:21 PM EST The personal care products sector could be poised for a breakout, according to some stock chart reading by TheStreet. Two Dow companies -- Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ) and Procter & Gamble  ( PG) - look to be ending their consolidation phase, and this potentially could be the start of a period where those stocks rally. The stocks are showing improving pricing momentum. Several other stocks are retesting key resistance levels and look ready to break out, including Colgate-Palmolive ( CL)  and Kimberly Clark ( KMB) . If you liked this article you might like Here's Why Johnson & Johnson Shares Are Poised for a Rally Shares of Johnson & Johnson are poised for a rally as the stock is currently trading about 8% off its 52-week high. Scott Gamm Jan 13, 2017 10:06 AM EST Could Johnson & Johnson Rip Higher by 20%? It may just happen. Here is why. Chris Laudani Jan 13, 2017 9:08 AM EST JNJ, Actelion Reportedly Move Closer to a Deal A final deal could come as soon as this month, Bloomberg reported. Armie Margaret Lee Jan 11, 2017 5:23 PM EST Trump Tax Policies Could Make J&J a Bigger Threat in 2017 While there remains many unknowns about the specifics of possible legislation, CEO Alex Gorsky suggested that tax reform and repatriation could be a major game changer for J&J. Sarah Pringle Jan 10, 2017 7:15 PM EST Trending Here's Why Macy's Just Fired a Key Executive That Earned $900,000 a Year Watch Apple Try to Prove its Wacky New Airpods Won't Fall Out of Your Ears Where to Get the Best Birthday Perks Most Outrageous Apple iPhone Cases You Just Have to See to Believe Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; Nasdaq boosted by health stocks By Reuters Published: 15:15 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 15:15 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Sinead Carew Jan 9 (Reuters) - Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and stalled the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high. The S&P's energy sector dropped 1.4 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Investors were taking a breather ahead of the fourth-quarter earnings season and the next U.S. President's administration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump who has promised tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus. "We're waiting for the roll-out of earnings and the initial forays of the Trump administration," Stephen Massocca, chief investment officer, Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. "I don't see significant moves in the market until those events unwind." The financial sector was down 0.6 percent on Monday. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop was the Dow's biggest drag. Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline and a 1.2 percent drop in Chevron were also big weights. The Dow came tantalizingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 2:53 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 59.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,904.71, the S&P 500 had lost 6.5 points, or 0.285466 percent, to 2,270.48 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 10.94 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,531.99. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector was the biggest gainer helped by a string of multi-billion dollar deals. Nasdaq was boosted most by healthcare stocks, led by Incyte's 19.9 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program. The consumer staples sector was down 0.6 percent with P&G and Coca-Cola among the biggest drags after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stocks to "sell." Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after agreeing to a $7.7 billion buyout offer from candy and pet foods maker Mars Inc. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.3 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.37-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 5 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 53 new highs and 15 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My brother is addicted to opiates and wants to set up an LLC to control our mother’s estate 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Baby Diaper Market in the Middle East and Africa 2016-2020 By Published: Jan 9, 2017 12:49 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Jan. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- About Baby Diapers The increase in average disposable income is positively affecting the market. In many developing countries in MEA, the purchasing power of people has increased over the past few years. This has factored in the rising affordability of diapers. Additionally, with the rise in local vendors in the region, competition has increased, leading to price wars. This factor has led to a decrease in prices of diapers and made them affordable for the population in this region. Also, vendors have increased their online marketing activities, in which they encourage new parents to engage in discussions and competitions, leading to more awareness about baby diapers and their advantages. Technavio's analysts forecast the baby diapers market in Middle East and Africa to grow at a CAGR of 4.62% during the period 2016-2020. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the baby diapers market in Middle East and Africa for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of the different types of baby diapers in the region. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Africa - MEA Technavio's report, Baby Diapers Market in Middle East and Africa 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the Key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Kimberly-Clark - P&G - SCA - Unicharm Other prominent vendors - Abdullah Shamsan Group - Bumkins Finer Baby Products - Cura Hygiene Group - DSG International - Faderco - First Quality Enterprises - Hayat Kimya - Indevco - Kao - Lodestone Brands - Novatis - Ontex - Wipro Consumer Care - Wemy Industries Market driver - Rise in urbanization and disposable income. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Concerns about environmental pollution. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Innovations in product design using advanced technology. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4259414/About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.comFor more information: Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com  Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/baby-diaper-market-in-the-middle-east-and-africa-2016-2020-300387877.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. Posted 09 Jan 2017 22:15 Updated 10 Jan 2017 06:15 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. The Nasdaq notched a record high close, extending its bullish run with help from healthcare stocks. The S&P's energy sector dropped 1.5 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Elsewhere, investors were taking a breather ahead of fourth-quarter earnings and the Jan. 20 presidential inauguration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump, who has pledged tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus, but investors are now waiting to see if he can deliver on those promises. "People are waiting for more information. We're waiting for political news, we're waiting for earnings. There's a lot of uncertainty out there. As the month goes on I expect we'll see some movement," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois. The financial sector fell 0.8 percent on Monday. It had risen almost 18 percent since the election, led by banking stocks. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There is some hope we'll see some movement upward. Investors want to see some of those reports come out first," said Jankovskis. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow Jones Industrial Average components fell, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. Goldman Sachs' 0.8 percent fall was its biggest drag followed by International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop and Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline. The Dow had come tantalizingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 76.42 points, or 0.38 percent, to 19,887.38, the S&P 500 had lost 8.08 points, or 0.354856 percent, to 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 10.76 points, or 0.19 percent, to 5,531.82. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector was the biggest gainer with Merck & Co. the leading boost and Vertex Pharmaceuticals the biggest percentage gainer with a 4.4 pct jump after it issued guidance. Nasdaq's biggest drivers in the healthcare sector were Ariad Pharmaceuticals , which closed up 72.9 percent on a US$5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda 4502.T Incyte with a 9.4 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program with Merck. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.45-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 6 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 16 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Monday compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; techs send Nasdaq to record By Reuters Published: 12:59 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 12:59 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 9 (Reuters) - Declines in financial and energy companies weighed on Wall Street on Monday, stalling the Dow's pursuit of 20,000, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high on gains in technology stocks and a string of deals in the health sector. The energy sector dropped 1.4 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, with Exxon Mobil's 2.1 percent decline weighing the most, followed by a 1.3 percent drop in Chevron. The declines meant the Dow stayed shy of the psychologically significant 20,000 mark. It came tantalizingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 12:28 p.m. ET (1728 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 48.65 points, or 0.24 percent, at 19,915.15, the S&P 500 was down 3.53 points, or 0.15 percent, at 2,273.45. The Nasdaq Composite was up 17.96 points, or 0.33 percent, at 5,539.01, easing slightly after hitting an all-time high of 5,539.14. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower. The tech sector was the top gainer. Apple , celebrating the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, rose 1.3 percent to a 13-month high of $119.43. "As we move into the next couple of weeks, the focus will move towards the micro and to specific company earnings and expectation going forward," Jones said. The first peek into how companies fared in the previous quarter will be provided later this week by big banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The financial sector was however off 0.34 percent on Monday. Other big-name decliners were P&G and Coca-Cola , which dropped about 1 percent each after Goldman downgraded the stocks to "sell". The healthcare sector gained 0.34 percent, boosted by a string of multi-billion dollar deals. Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after agreeing to a $7.7 billion buyout offer from candy and pet foods maker Mars Inc. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.6 percent. One dim spot in the sector was Celgene, which lost 1.1 percent after issuing a full-year revenue forecast that missed analysts' expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,604 to 1,276. On the Nasdaq, 1,498 issues fell and 1,294 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 47 new highs and 14 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Real Estate Retail Automotive Economy Small Business Healthcare OC Leaders Status Update Tourism More Young sea lion caught in fishing gear saved in rare rescue Orange County restaurant closures Huntington Beach mother, daughter want to go beyond horror to show 'real Syria' 6 questions emerge as minimum wage rises Final: Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Peter Budaj eases Kings' concerns in goal Clippers look for a way to slow down 'force of nature' Russell Westbrook Hawaii never trails in overtime to beat Long Beach State, 114-107 Without better jobs, affordable homes, people will leave O.C. and economy will falter, Chapman researchers say Got earthquake insurance? Most don't but guess what? The rates have come down Numbers bust the myth: There's no great exodus from California 6 questions emerge as minimum wage rises Lucinda Williams rocks, reflects at Yost Theater Success from 'Liquid Spirit' keeping Porter's life fluid Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146-year run Broadway musical 'Matilda' brings girl power to Costa Mesa Top news Business Mars candy giant expands in pet care with $7.7 billion purchase of VCA Jan. 9, 2017 Updated 9:57 a.m. 1 of 1 This Wednesday, March 26, 2014, file photo, shows an entrance of a Mars Inc. production facility near Topeka, Kan. Mars is buying the pet health care company VCA in a deal valued at around $7.7 billion. ORLIN WAGNER , THE ASSOCIATED PRESS This Wednesday, March 26, 2014, file photo, shows an entrance of a Mars Inc. production facility near Topeka, Kan. Mars is buying the pet health care company VCA in a deal valued at around $7.7 billion. ORLIN WAGNER , THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF Candy giant Mars Inc., facing a slowdown in packaged food, is making a bigger bet on a booming industry: pet care. The maker of M&Ms and Snickers agreed to buy the animal-hospital chain VCA Inc. for about $7.7 billion Monday -- not including debt -- expanding on its existing veterinary-care business. Mars will pay $93 a share in cash, a 31 percent premium to VCA’s closing price of $70.77 on Friday. The acquisition turns Mars into a dominant company in corporate-owned pet hospitals, an area that’s exploded in recent years -- helped by Americans treating their pets more like family members. It also could help bolster Mars’s current pet brands, including Pedigree and Whiskas. At a time when human food isn’t growing as quickly, the deal may make more sense for Mars than buying another snack business, said Ken Shea, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. “They see growth and they see diversity,” he said. “Why double down on food when it’s not growing that fast?” The total value for the deal is about $9.1 billion, including $1.4 billion in outstanding debt. Shares of VCA, which trade under the ticker WOOF, surged as much as 29 percent to $91.03 on Monday after the transaction was announced. Closely held Mars had already been building out its pet business, including both food and hospital care. The company owns Banfield Pet Hospital and BluePearl Veterinary Partners, and it’s acquired pet-food brands from Procter & Gamble Co. VCA, meanwhile, operates almost 800 animal hospitals in the U.S. and Canada. The deal combines the top two veterinary hospital chains, but isn’t expected to run into regulatory challenges because it would represent less than 10 percent of the North American market, according to a research note from Stifel Nicolaus & Co. The deeper push into the pet business by Mars comes as large packaged-food companies are struggling with flagging sales. Changing consumer tastes, particularly a desire for less processed foods, has made it difficult for the companies that have dominated grocery-store shelves. Efforts to reduce sugar intake have struck an additional blow to candy makers such as Mars. That’s added pressure to diversify their portfolios. Spending on pets has surged in the U.S., fueled by the “humanization” of dogs and cats. Americans spent $35 billion on veterinary care in 2015. VCA, a pioneer in the field, has grown by buying up hundreds of veterinary hospitals -- an approach that’s now being adopted by rival companies. And with an expanding presence in animal hospitals, Mars will have an opportunity to use the facilities to sell more of its pet foods, according to Shea. “It’s a fast-growing industry and they obviously see an opportunity for that synergy,” he said. Mars, based in McLean, Va., expects the VCA deal to be completed in the third quarter. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular 4-year-old Irvine boy killed in car accident Update: 5 people shot in Santa Ana on Saturday night Runners pay tribute to Carrie Fisher in Star Wars Half Marathon at Disneyland Surfer pulled unconscious from water at Bolsa Chica State Beach, later dies 4 men injured in 3 unrelated Santa Ana shootings User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Young sea lion caught in fishing gear saved in rare rescue Orange County restaurant closures Huntington Beach mother, daughter want to go beyond horror to show 'real Syria' 6 questions emerge as minimum wage rises Final: Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Peter Budaj eases Kings' concerns in goal Clippers look for a way to slow down 'force of nature' Russell Westbrook Hawaii never trails in overtime to beat Long Beach State, 114-107 Without better jobs, affordable homes, people will leave O.C. and economy will falter, Chapman researchers say Got earthquake insurance? Most don't but guess what? The rates have come down Numbers bust the myth: There's no great exodus from California 6 questions emerge as minimum wage rises Lucinda Williams rocks, reflects at Yost Theater Success from 'Liquid Spirit' keeping Porter's life fluid Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146-year run Broadway musical 'Matilda' brings girl power to Costa Mesa Top news Education » Orange Coast College professor addresses her viral Trump comments: 'I don't regret it' Capo Unified's schools see flood of leaks, damage after rainstorms Teacher-turned-environmentalist finds both sanctuary and poetry in Orange County's wilderness BUSINESS » Without better jobs, affordable homes, people will leave O.C. and economy will falter, Chapman researchers say Got earthquake insurance? Most don't but guess what? The rates have come down Numbers bust the myth: There's no great exodus from California O.C. Watchdog » Watchdog: California gets ready to rumble with Donald Trump over taxes Who will fill the long-empty Orange County watchdog job? Daughter sues Orange County after being taken from mom, who got $9.6M in same case Health Care » State braces for Medi-Cal's future Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence ENTERTAINMENT » Lucinda Williams rocks, reflects at Yost Theater Success from 'Liquid Spirit' keeping Porter's life fluid Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146-year run Food » Irvine Co. replacing IHOP with upscale Mexican eatery Cha Cha's 'Top Chef' recap: A first time shocking twist at the Judges' Table 3 veggie cookbooks to help you keep your healthy eating resolutions TELEVISION » Ex-O.C. 'Housewife' Alexis Bellino sells gated San Juan Capistrano home for $2.739 million 'Top Chef' recap: A first time shocking twist at the Judges' Table Tarek El Moussa of 'Flip or Flop' files for divorce against wife Christina; seeks spousal support Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia WORLD RELIGION » A look at the state of religion throughout the world SLIDESHOW » Old Towne Orange home looking gothic and 'just plain crazy' sells for $1.255 million SLIDESHOW » Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146-year run SLIDESHOW » Moving day's near for La Habra employees as new City Hall almost ready SLIDESHOW » Laguna hike celebrates the words and legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. SLIDESHOW » Why a Laguna Beach photographer didn't hesitate to spend $20K on Rio, the dog he bought for $50 Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Markets US EU Asia Oil Bonds Gold Goldman Sachs has 'given us all she's got' on Dow 20k, Cramer says Berkeley Lovelace Jr. | @BerkeleyJr Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 12:52 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer: How much can we really ask of Goldman?    Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 9:01 AM ET | 01:58 Investors are putting too much pressure on Goldman Sachs to carry the Dow Jones industrial average to 20,000, CNBC's Jim Cramer said on Monday. Cramer said on "Squawk on the Street" the bank has "given us all she's got." "I mean, there's 12 companies that need to increase double digits in order to get back to where they were. Why do we keep asking Goldman to do so much? First of all, they don't even have Gary Cohn anymore. They don't even have a repeal of the Volcker Rule yet," Cramer said. Cohn is leaving Goldman to become President-elect Donald Trump's chief economic adviser. On Friday, the Dow rose about 65 points, with Goldman and Walt Disney contributing the most gains. The index also came within 0.37 points of hitting 20,000 for the first time. The Dow fell about 30 points in intraday trade on Monday, with ExxonMobil contributing the most losses. Separately, Goldman on Monday lowered its rating of Coca-Cola stock to "sell" from "neutral." It said the company's earnings results will come in below expectations in the coming year. It also downgraded Procter & Gamble. Cramer said it might have been the wrong time for the call. "Because interest rates are down big today. So, that's going to put pressure on the banks," Cramer said. "If we're trying to get to Dow 20,000, you may see on the tape in the bottom a lot of good things, but you lose Procter, you close Coca-Cola and you lose Goldman Sachs and you lose JPMorgan, you're not going to get where you need to go." Berkeley Lovelace Jr.News Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DJIA --- GS --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 17 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Mars Takes a Bigger Bite of Pet Care Industry with VCA deal Published on January 09, 2017. VCA website Credit: VCA Most Popular Candy giant Mars Inc., facing a slowdown in packaged food, is making a bigger bet on a booming industry: pet care. The maker of M&Ms and Snickers agreed to buy the animal-hospital chain VCA Inc. for about $7.7 billion on Monday -- not including debt -- expanding on its existing veterinary-care business. Mars will pay $93 a share in cash, a 31% premium to VCA's closing price of $70.77 on Friday. The acquisition turns Mars into a dominant company in corporate-owned pet hospitals, an area that's exploded in recent years -- helped by Americans treating their pets more like family members. It also could help bolster Mars's current pet brands, including Pedigree and Whiskas. At a time when human food isn't growing as quickly, the deal may make more sense for Mars than buying another snack business, said Ken Shea, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. "They see growth and they see diversity," he said. "Why double down on food when it's not growing that fast?" The total value for the deal is about $9.1 billion, including $1.4 billion in outstanding debt. Shares of VCA, which trade under the ticker WOOF, surged as much as 29% to $91.03 on Monday after the transaction was announced. Closely held Mars had already been building out its pet business, including both food and hospital care. The company owns Banfield Pet Hospital and BluePearl Veterinary Partners, and it's acquired pet-food brands from Procter & Gamble Co. VCA, meanwhile, operates almost 800 animal hospitals in the U.S. and Canada. The deeper push into the pet business by Mars comes as large packaged-food companies are struggling with flagging sales. Changing consumer tastes, particularly a desire for less processed foods, has made it difficult for the companies that have dominated grocery-store shelves. Efforts to reduce sugar intake have struck an additional blow to candy makers such as Mars. That's added pressure to diversify their portfolios. Spending on pets has surged in the U.S., fueled by the "humanization" of dogs and cats. Americans spent $35 billion on veterinary care in 2015. VCA, a pioneer in the field, has grown by buying up hundreds of veterinary hospitals -- an approach that's now being adopted by rival companies. Mars, based in McLean, Va., expects the VCA deal to be completed in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley and BDT & Co. provided financial advice to Mars, while legal advisers included Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and McDermott Will & Emery LLP. Barclays Plc advised VCA, and the company's legal advisers were Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP and Potter Anderson Corroon LLP. "VCA is a leader across pet health care and the opportunity we see together -- for pets, pet owners, veterinarians and other pet-care providers -- is tremendous," Mars CEO Grant Reid said in a statement. -- Bloomberg News In this article: CMO Strategy CPG Packaged Food Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
` Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Health Care Heroes Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Technology Aviation & Aerospace Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Login [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Subscribe Register Logged in as Logout Edit Profile View Cart   Quick Links: Forefront The Interview Issue Indiana 100 Highest-paid executives Anthem-Cigna full coverage Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Health Care Heroes Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Technology Aviation & Aerospace Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Home » Candy maker expands in pet care with $7.7B purchase of VCA Candy maker expands in pet care with $7.7B purchase of VCA January 9, 2017 Bloomberg News KEYWORDS Mergers & Acquisitions / Health Care & Life Sciences / Health Care & Insurance Comments Print Reprints / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Related News and Opinion Big drug firms eye potential $7.2B animal vaccine market Lilly among those eyeing antibiotic maker Cubist, analyst says Express Scripts closer to $4.7B WellPoint deal Lilly said to be willing to pay $3.7B for biotech firm Express Scripts closes $4.7B deal to buy WellPoint pharmacy unit Related Products Largest Indianapolis-Area 2015 Mergers and Acquisitions - Excel Largest Indianapolis-Area 2015 Mergers and Acquisitions - PDF Breaking Cardinal Rules Related Events Health Care Heroes Power Breakfast Series - Health Care & Benefits Women of Influence Candy giant Mars Inc., facing a slowdown in packaged food, is making a bigger bet on a booming industry: pet care. The maker of M&Ms and Snickers agreed to buy the animal-hospital chain VCA Inc. for about $7.7 billion on Monday—not including debt—expanding on its existing veterinary-care business. Mars will pay $93 a share in cash, a 31 percent premium to VCA’s closing price of $70.77 on Friday. VCA operates more than 750 animal hospitals in the United States, including about 10 in the Indianapolis area. The acquisition turns Mars into a dominant company in corporate-owned pet hospitals, an area that’s exploded in recent years—helped by Americans treating their pets more like family members. It also could help bolster Mars’s current pet brands, including Pedigree and Whiskas. At a time when human food isn’t growing as quickly, the deal may make more sense for Mars than buying another snack business, said Ken Shea, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. “They see growth and they see diversity,” he said. “Why double down on food when it’s not growing that fast?” The total value for the deal is about $9.1 billion, including $1.4 billion in outstanding debt. Shares of VCA, which trade under the ticker WOOF, surged as much as 29 percent, to $91.03 per share, on Monday after the transaction was announced. Closely held Mars had already been building out its pet business, including both food and hospital care. The company owns Banfield Pet Hospital and BluePearl Veterinary Partners, and it’s acquired pet-food brands from Procter & Gamble Co. VCA, meanwhile, operates almost 800 animal hospitals in the U.S. and Canada. Grocery slowdown The deeper push into the pet business by Mars comes as large packaged-food companies are struggling with flagging sales. Changing consumer tastes, particularly a desire for less processed foods, has made it difficult for the companies that have dominated grocery-store shelves. Efforts to reduce sugar intake have struck an additional blow to candy makers such as Mars. That’s added pressure to diversify their portfolios. Spending on pets has surged in the U.S., fueled by the “humanization” of dogs and cats. Americans spent $35 billion on veterinary care in 2015. VCA, a pioneer in the field, has grown by buying up hundreds of veterinary hospitals—an approach that’s now being adopted by rival companies. Mars, based in McLean, Virginia, expects the VCA deal to be completed in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley and BDT & Co. provided financial advice to Mars, while legal advisers included Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and McDermott Will & Emery LLP. Barclays Plc advised VCA, and the company’s legal advisers were Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP and Potter Anderson Corroon LLP. “VCA is a leader across pet health care and the opportunity we see together—for pets, pet owners, veterinarians and other pet-care providers—is tremendous,” Mars Chief Executive Officer Grant Reid said in a written statement. Email Tweet ADVERTISEMENT Recent Articles by Bloomberg News Lilly shares rise after Alimta cancer drug patent upheld on appeal UnitedHealth branches out with $2.3 billion Surgical Care deal Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Restricted Content You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 30 days. Please clik here to continue without javascript.. GO Advanced Search This Week's Paper Holcomb seeks $10M to attract more nonstop flights City’s vision would relink GM property to downtown Community Health demolishing, rebuilding East hospital Most Read Comments Most Emailed WTTV Channel 4 loses two morning newscasters, hires one Hollyhock Hill, one of city's oldest eateries, changes ownership Longtime news anchor departing WTHR 'Sisters of Savings' sell Hare Chevrolet to national firm WTHR reporter says he's leaving journalism Multimedia Images Videos IBJ Events Shane Johnson's editorial cartoons More Photos 2017 Economic Forecast: Changing of the guard More Videos Videos 2012 CFOs of the Year: Bill Brunner More Videos Events Join IBJ in honoring health care’s difference-makers—individuals, companies and charitable organizations that change lives for the better in the Indianapolis area on March 3, 2017. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. Stay on top of Indy’s tech scene Find out what’s new and what’s next at IBJ’s Technology Power Breakfast on March 16. Hear from top tech entrepreneurs, investors and up-and-comers who are building the city’s technology economy, and network with many more of the movers and shakers in tech. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. More Events Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews SUBMIT TO EDIT Submit People Submit Records IBJ Awards FTP to IBJ IBJ.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE IBJ.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming IBJ Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Career Opportunities Newsstand Locations Reprints ONLINE PRODUCTS Bookstore ADVERTISING IBJ Advertising Contacts Classifieds Submit Advertising MULTIMEDIA Photo Galleries Videos IBJ on Facebook IBJ on Twitter Get IBJ Widgets IBJ.com Book of Lists Editorial Calendar Archives IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines/Supplements Polls Sitemap OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES The Indiana Lawyer Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Have Changed By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. ACCEPT IBJ MEDIA CORP 317-634-6200 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Mars To Buy Vet Hospital Operator VCA For $9.1 Billion Mars will become a pet products and services leader with the acquisition of VCA. (© Tyler Olson/stock.adobe.com) BLOOMBERG NEWS 1/09/2017 Reprints Candy maker Mars solidified its leadership in pet care by announcing Monday it will acquire veterinary hospital company VCA (WOOF) for $9.1 billion. Mars will pay $93 a share in cash for VCA, and the total value for the deal includes $1.4 billion in outstanding debt, the companies said Monday in a statement. The deal is a 31% premium to VCA's closing price of $70.77 on Friday. Shares of VCA jumped 28.3% to close at 90.79 Monday. VCA operates almost 800 animal hospitals in the U.S. and Canada, according to the statement. Closely held Mars, the owner of brands like Pedigree and Whiskas, has been expanding its pet business, from food to hospitals. The company already owns Banfield Pet Hospital and BluePearl Veterinary Partners, and has acquired pet-food brands from Procter & Gamble (PG). Mars is now the top pet food maker in the U.S. The companies said they expect the deal to be completed in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley (MS) and BDT & Co. provided financial advice to Mars, while legal advisors included Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, Simpson Thacher & Bartlett and McDermott Will & Emery. Barclays advised VCA, and the company's legal advisors were Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld and Potter Anderson Corroon. Share this: Related news Are You Monitoring This Potential Medical-Stock Breakout? 12/16/2016 BioTelemetry is generating big profits connecting mobile and cloud computing to digital health care services. Does the stock prognosis call... 12/16/2016 BioTelemetry is generating big profits connecting mobile and cloud computing... Unleashed: A Wave Of Pet-Friendly Services & Innovations VCA: Why This Pet-Care Provider Is Seeing New Highs In Market Stocks Recover, While VCA Barks Stocks Up A Bit, But Planet Fitness Slammed; Why You Should Watch This Stock Top Dog VCA Breaks Out After Earnings Report Why This Nicholas Fund Likes INC Research, VCA, Prestige Brands Stock Indexes Hold 50-Day Line; Abiomed, D.R. Horton Break Out Stocks Hold Gains Ahead Of Fed; Natural Health's Unnatural Gain Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016. Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Netflix Leads 5 Hot Techs To Watch As Nasdaq Closes At New High Annuities should be viewed as contracts guaranteeing a sum of money paid each year, rather than as investments. (Alexander Supertramp/Shutterstock.com) Annuities: Love Them Or Hate Them, At Least They're Not Risky Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues Get the latest news on recent and upcoming IPOs, filings for new issues, and today’s top-performing IPO stocks. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Leo Burnett Names Andrew Swinand as North American CEO, Hires 60 of His Employees Advertisement NEXT:Chief Talent Officer Geline Midouin to Leave 360i for McCann Health PREVIOUS:Cramer-Krasselt Chicago Parts Ways With Executive Creative Director Ken Erke Agencies | Revolving Door Leo Burnett Names Andrew Swinand as North American CEO, Hires 60 of His Employees By Erik Oster on Jan. 9, 2017 - 11:25 AMComment Leo Burnett has named Andrew Swinand as its North American CEO, effective as of today, following the promotion of Rich Stoddart to Leo Burnett global CEO nearly a year ago. Stoddart formerly served dual roles as both global and North American CEO, but will now focus on the former role with the arrival of Swinand. Swinand will work closely with Leo Burnett North America CCO Judy John, Leo Burnett CCO and Publicis creative chairman Mark Tutssel and Stoddart, who will ensure a smooth transition, while reporting to Publicis North America CEO Andrew Bruce. Leo Burnett also acquired Swinand’s analytics software maker, Ardent IO and startup incubator The Abundancy. According to an internal memo from Publicis Worldwide CEO Arthur Sadoun, “sixty experts” from Ardent IO and The Abundancy will join the team at Leo Burnett Chicago later this month. “The new capabilities and talent we are adding will infuse Leo Burnett with deep data driven insights and predictive analytics which, combined with our world class creative, will enable the network to evolve HumanKind to be even more powerful and relevant,” he added.  “The challenge every brand faces is to get chosen. Thanks to our technology, it’s possible to predict what people want so that brands can respond with experiences that are truly meaningful,” Swinand said in a statement. “By combining our data-driven insights with Leo Burnett’s award-winning creative capabilities, we will make Leo Burnett’s HumanKind approach more powerful than ever before in helping our clients.” In addition to founding Ardent IO and The Abundancy, Swinand has also launched Transparent Media Partners in 2015 and Frequency540 in 2011. Beginning in 2000, he spent nearly eleven years as president of Starcom MediaVest Group, following three and a half years in brand management for Procter & Gamble and two and a half years as an account supervisor for BBDO. According to Sadoun, Publicis wants to strengthen the Leo Burnett organization after losing McDonald’s to Omnicom last year. Sadoun also told AdAge that the network plans to continue focusing on its relationship with General Motors no matter how the GMC review turns out. LB remains Buick’s AOR after parting with Detroit chief creative officer Steve Chavez, who had run all global GM work. According to our sources, an unnamed DigitasLBi executive has been running that pitch in Chavez’s absence. In the internal statement, Sadoun said, “Andrew is a digital innovator, creating modern tools, talent and capabilities for today’s marketplace and I truly believe in his ability to drive this transformation in North America for one of our biggest operations.” Here’s that statement in its entirety: Bonjour, First of all it’s not too late, let me wish a very happy new year to you and your family. I have some important news to share with you concerning one of our main creative networks, Leo Burnett. I’m very pleased to let you know that we have tapped industry leader and innovator Andrew Swinand to join Leo Burnett as North American CEO. Andrew is a truly respected and thoughtful leader and a familiar face to many of us within Publicis Groupe. He was our client on Secret at P&G and later led their first venture into e-commerce, before becoming president of Starcom MediaVest Group. Andrew is a digital innovator, creating modern tools, talent and capabilities for today’s marketplace and I truly believe in his ability to drive this transformation in North America for one of our biggest operations. Andrew will report to Andrew Bruce, CEO Publicis Communications North America and partner with Judy John, CCO Leo Burnett North America. He will also work very closely with Rich Stoddart, who as well as ensuring a smooth transition in North America, will focus on his global president role for Leo Burnett, supported by Mark Tutssel, CCO Leo Burnett & Creative Chairman Publicis Communications. One of Publicis Communication’s key goals is to reinforce our creative brands. We’re demonstrating this commitment to Leo Burnett, as coming with Andrew are two acquisitions that we are making to further strengthen and transform the network: The Abundancy and Ardent. Ardent provides proprietary technology that uses search to understand behaviour and predict consumer intent. The Abundancy applies these learnings to inform custom content. Together, the companies bring with them sixty experts who will join the teams at the Leo Burnett Chicago offices later this month. We’re making this move recognizing that we live in a time in which, thanks to technology, we can now predict what people want so brands can respond with relevant, value-adding experiences. The new capabilities and talent we are adding will infuse Leo Burnett with deep data driven insights and predictive analytics which, combined with our world class creative, will enable the network to evolve HumanKind to be even more powerful and relevant. As you know, throughout 2016 we worked to transform and future-proof Leo Burnett. We have made progress and achieved good results like the recent wins of Millers Coors and the global Jim Beam business, along with record performances at the Cannes Lions and being named agency of the year at the Clio Awards. But of course there is still work to be done, and with these additions to the team we’re equipping the network with all of the tools and talent it needs to accelerate on this dynamic. Voilà, I’m convinced that with the support of Andrew Bruce and through a great partnership with Rich, Andrew will bring to Leo Burnett North America the kind of competitive advantage the agency needs to reinforce its leadership on the market and deliver strong growth. I know you’ll all join me in welcoming Andrew and the teams from The Abundancy and Ardent and in supporting them as we work together to make 2017 a success for Leo Burnett North America and Publicis Communications as a whole. Amitiés, Arthur < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Account Director Happy Medium Working from home News Producer News 12 Woodbury, New York Marketing Supervisor i.d.e.a. San Diego, California Ad Operations Associate Priceline.com Norwalk, Connecticut, United States, 06854 Advertising Program Coordinator, Off Platform Advertising Cox Enterprises Fort Myers, Florida See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: A Smart Approach to Portfolio Diversification: My 2017 Financial Resolution Creating a watchlist is a must for any serious investor. Kristine Harjes (TMFAnchor) Jan 9, 2017 at 10:05AM Image source: Getty Images. From celebrity deaths to shocking political news, people found plenty to complain about in 2016. Me, though? I actually had a really good year. I met some incredible people, had unbelievable adventures, and learned a ton. In the financial realm, I saved responsibly (even given the crazy-high D.C. cost of living) and added quality companies to my stock portfolio. Indeed, I'd say I pretty fully met my 2016 resolution to diversify. My next challenge -- and my resolution for 2017 -- is to take a smarter approach to finding stocks to buy by creating a watchlist. A look in the rearview mirror Going into 2016, my portfolio was overweight in healthcare and largely packed with higher-risk growth stocks. I resolved to achieve more balance by finding stocks outside of healthcare and established, dividend-paying stocks. Overall, I think I did pretty well. Over the course of the year, in addition to adding to prior holdings, I opened positions in the following stocks: Johnson & Johnson, which is a profitable, fairly predictable dividend payer. Kinder Morgan, which gained roughly 65% by the end of the year and was paying out a 3.8% dividend at the time of my purchase. Apple, which was my first move in a Roth IRA, and thus my first tax-advantaged buy. It's also a stable company with a growing dividend. Wells Fargo, which I also sold for around the same price after my thesis -- largely based on corporate culture -- collapsed. Activision Blizzard, after an enlightening coffee chat with Foolish analyst Matt Argersinger, who convinced me that this stock is still in its infancy. Chipotle Mexican Grill, in an attempt to get in on a Fool favorite at what I thought to be a bargain price. Celldex, which now occupies a very tiny position in what I refer to as my "play" portfolio. I use this to open small positions in biotechs that excite me, but that I recognize are extremely risky. I do this mostly to hold myself accountable for my speculations. I'd give myself a B rating for following my 2016 resolution. I did diversify pretty nicely, but I'm still missing exposure to financials -- particularly since I talked a big game this time last year about getting exposure to this industry. While I did purchase Wells Fargo, I never found a replacement financials stock after I sold off my position. As I write this, healthcare is still the sector with the most representation in my holdings -- but it was narrowly trailed by consumer goods until two late-year healthcare pops reinflated that section of my portfolio. In any case, with the exception of the gaping hole of financials, the various sectors are much more evenly represented than they were going into the year. And in hindsight, this resolution was pretty wise, as my non-healthcare buys buffered the stinging biotech losses I suffered in 2016. (The broader industry, as measured by the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (NASDAQ: IBB), sank 19%.) My resolution for the year ahead Looking ahead to 2017, there's still more work for me to do before I feel adequately diversified. I need to up my game in energy and industrials, and, of course, re-enter the financials space. This year, though, my resolution goes a step beyond just buying in: I'm going to resolve to be more analytical about when I buy. Specifically, I'm going to make a watchlist. In the past, my buying went something like this: A company crosses my mind as intriguing. I do a bunch of research on it: talk to Foolish analysts, read up on fool.com articles, print out a few conference calls to read. If I still like it after doing my due diligence, I buy it right away. I'd like to improve upon this process by forcing myself to be patient. I want to do my research ahead of time and come up with a list of companies that I like, along with the prices at which I'd buy in. Now, let me be very clear that I'm in no way using this list to try and time the market. I simply think I should have my research already done on a sizable list of intriguing companies before a buying opportunity presents itself. In particular, I'm looking to fill this list out with blue-chip Fool favorites like Coca-Cola, Procter and Gamble, General Motors, Chevron, Verizon Communications, and Microsoft. I know relatively little about the inner workings of these businesses, but I owe it to myself to do some research and figure out what I think is an attractive price for each of them. While I'm at it, I'm going to summarize my buy thesis for each, as well as some areas to watch. This organized, systematic approach takes some of the emotion out of investing, which is a huge advantage. When a stock hits my target price, and assuming nothing has changed about the business, I'll know I want to pick up shares for great reasons, rather than being temporarily excited about a company I just researched. Who knows what 2017 will bring, but I feel confident that building a watchlist will be the best financial move I can make. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's Board of Directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Kristine Harjes owns shares of Activision Blizzard, Apple, Celldex Therapeutics, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Johnson and Johnson, and Kinder Morgan. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Activision Blizzard, Apple, Chipotle Mexican Grill, and Kinder Morgan. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Celldex Therapeutics, Chevron, Coca-Cola, General Motors, Johnson and Johnson, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Kristine Harjes (TMFAnchor) None Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 10:05AM Health Care Read More Why DexCom, Inc. Stock Surged Higher Today 7 Impressive Numbers for Intuitive Surgical, Inc. 3 Bold Bets on the Future of Healthcare The 10 Best Stocks in the Nasdaq in 2016 You Probably Don't Know Enough About Marijuana to Pass This Quiz (or Invest in Pot) Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool A Smart Approach to Portfolio Diversification: My 2017 Financial Resolution #stocks
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Mars sweetens its presence in veterinary market with £7.5bn acquisition of VCA Julia Bradshaw 9 January 2017 • 3:46pm Pet food and sweet maker Mars is buying animal healthcare company VCA in a deal valued at $9.1bn (£7.48bn), cementing the company's position as the largest provider of veterinary hospitals in the United States. Mars, which owns the Whiskas and Pedigree pet food brands, has been expanding into the veterinary sector in recent years. It already owns Banfield Pet Hospital, which runs more than 900 clinics and animal hospitals in the US and Puerto Rico, and BluePearl Veterinary Partners, another US-based group. VCA will add huge scale to Mars’ pet care division. The Los Angeles-based company was founded in 1986 and has grown from running one facility to nearly 800 animal hospitals in the US and Canada and 60 diagnostic laboratories. It generated annual sales of $2.13bn in 2015. Mars, a privately owned company, will pay $93 a share in cash for VCA. The total value of the deal also includes $1.4bn in debt. The price reflects a 31pc premium to VCA’s closing value of $70.77 on Friday, and news of the deal sent shares in the listed company soaring 28pc to $90.76. Mars, which owns many well-known sweet brands including Maltesers and Celebrations, has been in the business of pet care for 80 years and became the top pet food maker in 2014, after buying Procter & Gamble’s pet foods business, known for brands such as Iams and Natura, for $2.9bn. Rival Nestlé, the maker of Purina pet products, is the world's second-biggest pet food maker, according to data from Euromonitor. Mars also owns the upmarket Royal Canin pet food brand and has a growing business in pet DNA testing and pet technology. “We are thrilled to welcome VCA to the Mars family,” said Grant Reid, chief executive of Mars. “The opportunity we see together for pets, pet owners, veterinarians and other pet care providers is tremendous.” The acquisition is expected to complete in the third quarter of the year. VCA will remain a separate business unit within Mars Petcare once the transaction is finalised. Morgan Stanley and BDT provided financial advice to Mars, while Barclays advised VCA. The deal still needs approval from VCA shareholders. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Animals Show more Business latest 15 Jan 2017, 11:12pm Danger of fresh steel crisis eases as industry wins relief green taxes 15 Jan 2017, 11:01pm Davos 2017: what to expect as global leaders gather ahead of Donald Trump's inauguration 15 Jan 2017, 10:48pm Comment: Trump’s win, the Brexit vote… life is tough for today’s market pundits Tom Stevenson Premium 15 Jan 2017, 10:41pm Comment: Whisper it, but this could be a good year for growth Roger Bootle Premium 15 Jan 2017, 10:26pm The Duchess of Cambridge's fashion favourites among festive performers 15 Jan 2017, 10:23pm O2 and Vodafone hope mast deal will help battle with BT  15 Jan 2017, 10:19pm Mauritius payment knocks Fundsmith profits despite surge of new customers 15 Jan 2017, 10:19pm Mitie's new chief set to review accounting at troubled outsourcer 15 Jan 2017, 10:17pm Blackrock launches fight against oversized pay packets and undeserved pensions 15 Jan 2017, 10:16pm Wellesley to freeze crowdfunding campaign as it courts City investors 15 Jan 2017, 10:08pm Javad Marandi: from Iranian refugee to Soho House investor 15 Jan 2017, 9:29pm Comment: In 2017, responsible leaders must start to take action Martin Gilbert Premium 15 Jan 2017, 9:14pm Rare earth miner to list Burundi project on London Stock Exchange 15 Jan 2017, 8:54pm High time for a high-rise? How to solve the nation's housing affordability crisis 15 Jan 2017, 8:44pm 'It doesn't matter who is flying higher out of Airbus and Boeing – as long as they are both healthy' 15 Jan 2017, 8:04pm The pound falls to its lowest level since October flash crash over fears Britain will lose single market access 15 Jan 2017, 5:35pm Comment: Let's not let artificial intelligence become another bubble James Titcomb Premium 15 Jan 2017, 5:30pm Rise in outdoor gyms signals a muscling-up of the outdoor fitness industry 14 Jan 2017, 7:55pm Clampdown may force pharma giants into new bidding system 14 Jan 2017, 7:55pm Chinese pop idol helps Burberry get back on song 14 Jan 2017, 7:55pm Lansdowne's former boss leaves the hedge fund for Oxford venture If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: A Smart Approach to Portfolio Diversification: My 2017 Financial Resolution Creating a watchlist is a must for any serious investor. Kristine Harjes (TMFAnchor) Jan 9, 2017 at 10:05AM Image source: Getty Images. From celebrity deaths to shocking political news, people found plenty to complain about in 2016. Me, though? I actually had a really good year. I met some incredible people, had unbelievable adventures, and learned a ton. In the financial realm, I saved responsibly (even given the crazy-high D.C. cost of living) and added quality companies to my stock portfolio. Indeed, I'd say I pretty fully met my 2016 resolution to diversify. My next challenge -- and my resolution for 2017 -- is to take a smarter approach to finding stocks to buy by creating a watchlist. A look in the rearview mirror Going into 2016, my portfolio was overweight in healthcare and largely packed with higher-risk growth stocks. I resolved to achieve more balance by finding stocks outside of healthcare and established, dividend-paying stocks. Overall, I think I did pretty well. Over the course of the year, in addition to adding to prior holdings, I opened positions in the following stocks: Johnson & Johnson, which is a profitable, fairly predictable dividend payer. Kinder Morgan, which gained roughly 65% by the end of the year and was paying out a 3.8% dividend at the time of my purchase. Apple, which was my first move in a Roth IRA, and thus my first tax-advantaged buy. It's also a stable company with a growing dividend. Wells Fargo, which I also sold for around the same price after my thesis -- largely based on corporate culture -- collapsed. Activision Blizzard, after an enlightening coffee chat with Foolish analyst Matt Argersinger, who convinced me that this stock is still in its infancy. Chipotle Mexican Grill, in an attempt to get in on a Fool favorite at what I thought to be a bargain price. Celldex, which now occupies a very tiny position in what I refer to as my "play" portfolio. I use this to open small positions in biotechs that excite me, but that I recognize are extremely risky. I do this mostly to hold myself accountable for my speculations. I'd give myself a B rating for following my 2016 resolution. I did diversify pretty nicely, but I'm still missing exposure to financials -- particularly since I talked a big game this time last year about getting exposure to this industry. While I did purchase Wells Fargo, I never found a replacement financials stock after I sold off my position. As I write this, healthcare is still the sector with the most representation in my holdings -- but it was narrowly trailed by consumer goods until two late-year healthcare pops reinflated that section of my portfolio. In any case, with the exception of the gaping hole of financials, the various sectors are much more evenly represented than they were going into the year. And in hindsight, this resolution was pretty wise, as my non-healthcare buys buffered the stinging biotech losses I suffered in 2016. (The broader industry, as measured by the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (NASDAQ: IBB), sank 19%.) My resolution for the year ahead Looking ahead to 2017, there's still more work for me to do before I feel adequately diversified. I need to up my game in energy and industrials, and, of course, re-enter the financials space. This year, though, my resolution goes a step beyond just buying in: I'm going to resolve to be more analytical about when I buy. Specifically, I'm going to make a watchlist. In the past, my buying went something like this: A company crosses my mind as intriguing. I do a bunch of research on it: talk to Foolish analysts, read up on fool.com articles, print out a few conference calls to read. If I still like it after doing my due diligence, I buy it right away. I'd like to improve upon this process by forcing myself to be patient. I want to do my research ahead of time and come up with a list of companies that I like, along with the prices at which I'd buy in. Now, let me be very clear that I'm in no way using this list to try and time the market. I simply think I should have my research already done on a sizable list of intriguing companies before a buying opportunity presents itself. In particular, I'm looking to fill this list out with blue-chip Fool favorites like Coca-Cola, Procter and Gamble, General Motors, Chevron, Verizon Communications, and Microsoft. I know relatively little about the inner workings of these businesses, but I owe it to myself to do some research and figure out what I think is an attractive price for each of them. While I'm at it, I'm going to summarize my buy thesis for each, as well as some areas to watch. This organized, systematic approach takes some of the emotion out of investing, which is a huge advantage. When a stock hits my target price, and assuming nothing has changed about the business, I'll know I want to pick up shares for great reasons, rather than being temporarily excited about a company I just researched. Who knows what 2017 will bring, but I feel confident that building a watchlist will be the best financial move I can make. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's Board of Directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Kristine Harjes owns shares of Activision Blizzard, Apple, Celldex Therapeutics, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Johnson and Johnson, and Kinder Morgan. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Activision Blizzard, Apple, Chipotle Mexican Grill, and Kinder Morgan. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Celldex Therapeutics, Chevron, Coca-Cola, General Motors, Johnson and Johnson, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Kristine Harjes (TMFAnchor) None Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 10:05AM Health Care Read More Why DexCom, Inc. Stock Surged Higher Today 7 Impressive Numbers for Intuitive Surgical, Inc. 3 Bold Bets on the Future of Healthcare The 10 Best Stocks in the Nasdaq in 2016 You Probably Don't Know Enough About Marijuana to Pass This Quiz (or Invest in Pot) Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool A Smart Approach to Portfolio Diversification: My 2017 Financial Resolution #stocks
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Mars Expands in Pet Care With $7.7 Billion Purchase of VCA by Zachary Tracer @ZTracer More stories by Zachary Tracer and Craig Giammona @SitkaWriter More stories by Craig Giammona January 9, 2017, 8:11 AM EST January 9, 2017, 12:06 PM EST Deal will build on candy maker’s existing veterinary-care unit Mars to pay $93 per VCA share, 31% premium over Friday’s price Candy giant Mars Inc., facing a slowdown in packaged food, is making a bigger bet on a booming industry: pet care. The maker of M&Ms and Snickers agreed to buy the animal-hospital chain VCA Inc. for about $7.7 billion on Monday -- not including debt -- expanding on its existing veterinary-care business. Mars will pay $93 a share in cash, a 31 percent premium to VCA’s closing price of $70.77 on Friday. The acquisition turns Mars into a dominant company in corporate-owned pet hospitals, an area that’s exploded in recent years -- helped by Americans treating their pets more like family members. It also could help bolster Mars’s current pet brands, including Pedigree and Whiskas. At a time when human food isn’t growing as quickly, the deal may make more sense for Mars than buying another snack business, said Ken Shea, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. “They see growth and they see diversity,” he said. “Why double down on food when it’s not growing that fast?” The total value for the deal is about $9.1 billion, including $1.4 billion in outstanding debt. Shares of VCA, which trade under the ticker WOOF, surged as much as 29 percent to $91.03 on Monday after the transaction was announced. Closely held Mars had already been building out its pet business, including both food and hospital care. The company owns Banfield Pet Hospital and BluePearl Veterinary Partners, and it’s acquired pet-food brands from Procter & Gamble Co. VCA, meanwhile, operates almost 800 animal hospitals in the U.S. and Canada. The deal combines the top two veterinary hospital chains, but isn’t expected to run into regulatory challenges because it would represent less than 10 percent of the North American market, according to a research note from Stifel Nicolaus & Co. Grocery Slowdown The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The deeper push into the pet business by Mars comes as large packaged-food companies are struggling with flagging sales. Changing consumer tastes, particularly a desire for less processed foods, has made it difficult for the companies that have dominated grocery-store shelves. Efforts to reduce sugar intake have struck an additional blow to candy makers such as Mars. That’s added pressure to diversify their portfolios. Spending on pets has surged in the U.S., fueled by the “humanization” of dogs and cats. Americans spent $35 billion on veterinary care in 2015. VCA, a pioneer in the field, has grown by buying up hundreds of veterinary hospitals -- an approach that’s now being adopted by rival companies. And with an expanding presence in animal hospitals, Mars will have an opportunity to use the facilities to sell more of its pet foods, according to Shea. “It’s a fast-growing industry and they obviously see an opportunity for that synergy,” he said. Read more: The rise of corporate control over pet care Mars, based in McLean, Virginia, expects the VCA deal to be completed in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley and BDT & Co. provided financial advice to Mars, while legal advisers included Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and McDermott Will & Emery LLP. Barclays Plc advised VCA, and the company’s legal advisers were Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP and Potter Anderson Corroon LLP. “VCA is a leader across pet health care and the opportunity we see together -- for pets, pet owners, veterinarians and other pet-care providers -- is tremendous,” Mars Chief Executive Officer Grant Reid said in a statement. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Asian Paints Raag Malhar -Ranbir Kapoor Flipkart Say goodbye to fashion confusion! 4 Biggest Challenges for Creative Teams Join us on Facebook Get latest news on advertising, media and marketing Ketan Desai is now president, North at Grey Group India By afaqs! news bureau , afaqs!, New Delhi | In Advertising | January 09, 2017 Prior to this, he was chief operating officer, Grey Bangladesh. Grey Group India has announced the appointment of Ketan Desai as president, North. Desai has been in the marketing services businesses for close to two decades. He has worked with Grey in Mumbai, Kolkata, New Delhi, Colombo and Bangladesh. Until recently, he was chief operating officer at Grey Bangladesh. Desai will be based in Delhi, and will work closely with Sunil Lulla, chairman and managing director, Grey Group India. Speaking on the development, Lulla, says, "Grey is enhancing its talent and leadership pool with Ketan Desai. He brings in the relevant diverse skills required to navigate contemporary communication needs of Grey's clients." "I am delighted to lead the charge for steering Grey's market place reputation and success, in the North of India. It is a privilege to be able to partner this marquee list of clients and help build their brands in Grey's famously effective way," adds Desai. Desai brings with him experience from across geographies in India, and across domains including advertising, activation and shopper. He has worked with clients such as ITC, P&G, Marico, Audi, Revlon, Hindustan Times, CRY, and Suzlon. Grey Group is a global communications company. Its parent company is WPP (NASDAQ:WPPGY). The agency's client roster includes names such as Procter & Gamble, GlaxoSmithKline, Volvo, Britannia, ITC, Ferrero, Saint Gobain, Dell, Adobe, and Mondelez. In Asia, Grey Group covers 28 cities in 16 countries, which includes Bengaluru, Gurgaon and Mumbai in India. Follow afaqs! Search Tags Grey Group WPP Ketan Desai Sunil Lulla Advertising Related Articles Leo Burnett's Aritra Chaudhuri joins GREY group India as senior creative director Advertising Arun Raman returns to GREY group India as national planning head Advertising Leroy Alvares joins Grey Group India as president, digital services Advertising The Integer Group appoints Ketan Desai as managing director Advertising Ketan Desai appointed branch head, Grey Delhi Advertising Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year "Women cannot write the best Imperial Blue films":... Advertising "We are not running an entertainment business": Chandrasekar Radhakrishnan, Nestlé Marketing Scarecrow creates 9 posters to promote Abby 2017 Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek... Media Publishing Vdonxt Asia Awards 2017: TVF's Arunabh Kumar is Pe... Digital Sandip Tarkas quits Future Group to start his own ... Marketing This video by Parachute might just be India's most... Digital ALT Balaji appoints Manav Sethi as marketing chief Marketing Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising afaqs! Creative Showcase: Check out Ranbir Kapoor'... Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek... Media Publishing This video by Parachute might just be India's most... Digital Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising MagicBricks.com turns billboards into blankets for... Advertising Usha International ropes in Jayati Singh as VP - M... Marketing Gionee's latest for selfie lovers: S6s with Selfie... Marketing How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing The Hindu shows 2 sides of Bengaluru, with a littl... Digital Arnab Goswami announces his new venture 'Republic' Media Publishing Max Healthcare counters 'trust deficit' with 4-min... Digital How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bike Advertising Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr... Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek... Media Publishing Sony LIV launches Hollywood library Digital Who's Afraid Of Baba Ramdev's Patanjali? Marketing "We don't have a fruit for a logo," shouts Microma... Advertising The Story Behind Paytm's Marketing... Digital 5 / 10❬❭ Current Issue January 1-15 2017 Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events vdonxt asia Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2016 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Greenwich man charged with 2014 rape in Greenfield Albany business owner recalls son who died in DWI crash Ballston Spa man charged with promoting sexual performance by a For Capital Region residents, looming ACA action stokes fear News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Rally decries ACA repeal Russia mocks outgoing Obama Crowds brave cold and rain for MLK march Military's shift from oil may face challenge Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Patriots have plenty to clean up on offense Ex-pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Suns surprise Spurs in Mexico City Lewis stars for Pats Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Bring resumes out to the fair Takata takes guilty plea, will pay $1B Number Of The Day GOP leaders vague on replacement bill Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Arts briefs 2 members of R&B band Tower of Power hit by train, injured People in the news: Three charged in Paris heist Good things to do for the week ahead Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Today's Birthdays High & Low Sipping: Wine pick of the week Today's Birthdays Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Greenwich man charged with 2014 rape in Greenfield Dance Museum to host fundraiser for Leukemia & Lymphoma Ballston Spa man charged with promoting sexual performance by a The Message of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Continues TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Siena basketball focused on Fairfield guards Some Capital Region municipal websites still fail to post Capital Region Trump backers bound for D.C. inaugural Churchill: Got soy or almond milk? This column is for you Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Historic in Saratoga Springs Duo to share unusual story of Albany building's move Jennifer Lopez's Hidden Hills home for sale High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Birthday freebies: 80-plus things you can get for free on your Disney World on a budget: Tips and tricks to help you save Couponing 101: Tips to help you get started on the path to saving Save on skiing/snowboarding with these tips and discount lift MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/tuplus-opinion/article/Paul-Bray-Trump-s-election-shows-wealthy-control-10844040.php Paul Bray: Trump's election shows wealthy control our democracy PAUL BRAY Published 10:23 pm, Sunday, January 8, 2017 The proposed cabinet of President-elect Donald Trump with its billionaires and millionaires reveals a "political democracy within an economic plutocracy." It comes at a time when we have the prospect of a fourth Industrial Revolution, an age of automation, artificial intelligence and robotics. It also brings back memories of how I got to know about Louis Kelso, who wanted to make a capitalist out of every American. In the 1970s, I was a bill-drafter in the state Legislature. One of the Assemblymen I drafted for was Dan Haley, who was a Democrat from the Republican North Country. Haley was a supporter of the ideas of Kelso, who co-wrote with Mortimer Adler the "Capitalist Manifesto." Its main idea was to spread America's wealth through a plan of Employee Stock Ownership Plans known as ESOPs. Haley had me drafting some ESOP laws, and Congress endorsed Kelso's brainchild, making it a national law. Economic conditions for the poor and middle class are worse today than when I learned about Kelso. In his book, he wrote that the concentration of wealth in the United States, which was in the top 5 percent about 50 years ago, is as great as Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels found in Europe when they wrote "The Communist Manifesto." Now wealth is concentrated in the top 1 percent of the population. According to Kelso, those with wealth "can't spend enough. They only spend for it for the wrong thing: accumulating more excess." Therefore, the 99 percent of the population depends to a greater or lesser extent on redistribution. Kelso believes "the wars and war production have been an indispensable part of making this plutocratic economy work." Kelso's answer was a national economic policy combining full employment with capital ownership. He invented the first ESOP in 1956, when the employees of Peninsula Newspapers bought out the company founders. Congress enacted a tax policy for ESOPs called the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA). It attracted both Democratic and Republican leaders. Kelso was interviewed by Bill Moyers in 1990 and Moyers said at that time that, "I know as a reporter that there's a widespread perception in the country that something is fundamentally and dangerously wrong with our economic structure. Our debt has tripled in the last 10 years, there are 32 million people living in poverty, 12 million of those live with less than $5,000 a year. It's harder and harder for even two spouses in the same family to do for their children what one spouse did with one. ..." Many corporations like Avis, Proctor & Gamble, JCPenney and Anheuser-Busch have tried ESOPs. Some plans have worked and others haven't, for various reasons, but by the end of the 1980s an estimated 10 million workers belonged to ESOPs. Moyers made the point that he had seen one team of management after another subvert Kelso's idea to protect their interests. They would share the stock, but not democracy; they would not share participation with employees who own stock through ESOPs. The conversation between Moyers and Kelso ended with Moyers saying capitalizing the middle- and lower-class workers won't work, because "the capitalist is a tiger." Kelso responds by saying, "he is not the only tiger in the jungle, and the hungry tigers are going to beat the greedy tigers every time, especially when they outnumber them 95 to 5." We have seen the contest between the greedy wealthy and the declining middle and lower class go on for decades, and the election of Trump is an example of the power of the wealthy to control our democracy. The sad thing is that we don't look behind the screen, so that a plurality of the voters know what needs to be done to have the political democracy act to even the odds. Paul M. Bray's email is secsunday@aol.com. This is a TU+ story. Click for more information. Today's Premium Content - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Winter TV: Where flowers now bloom Commentary: Let's turn the Boreas Ponds into a wilderness legacy Letter: Opponents should give Trump a chance Letter: Cuomo's actions belie his ethics talk Letter: Lack of information clouds tuition issue Michael Gerson: Trump's vows may be hard to keep Letter: A questionable start for new Congress Getting There: No signal for Halfmoon intersection View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Marketing Media Money Here's what you can expect from advertisers at this year's Super Bowl Lucy Handley, special to CNBC Tuesday, 10 Jan 2017 | 10:39 AM ET SHARES With under a month to go until the Super Bowl on February 5, CNBC takes a look some of the brands involved in one of sport's most commercial ventures. Last year's broadcaster CBS was said to be charging $5 million for a 30-second advertising slot during the event, according to CBS president and CEO Leslie Moonves speaking on a quarterly earnings call in August 2015, while this year's broadcaster Fox is thought to be pushing for more than $5 million according to a source cited by Variety. So those running ads are already promoting their activity to get the most from their ad dollars. GoDaddy Web hosting company GoDaddy, which opted not to advertise during last year's Super Bowl, is coming back in 2017 with a product launch ad, which will blend "iconic images and humor," according to a release posted online. "This is more than a simple brand play. This year, we're going to take viewers on a fun ride that engages them around our latest product," said Chief Marketing Officer Barb Rechterman. It hasn't yet released its commercial, but it has previously attracted controversy, having pulled its 2015 spot featuring a cute puppy whose owner had planned to sell it online. The Kraft Heinz Company - Devour Frozen food brand Devour is to advertise "during an extremely high profile sporting event this February," according to a post on the Devour Bowl website. Brands are wary of using the term Super Bowl, because rights owner NFL fiercely protects the name, so they use terms like "the biggest football event of the year," as Kraft Heinz has done. Devour is looking for a "regular guy" to star in its halftime ad, which is set to air on a channel other than Fox, according to a spokesperson. AB InBev – Bud Light and Busch AB InBev's Bud Light is the official beer of the NFL, in a deal that's worth a reported $1.2 billion and continues until 2022. It's making its sponsorship pay, with a gold can promotion where one fan will win five decades worth of Super Bowl tickets. The brewer hasn't revealed its plans for Bud Light advertising, however it will be promoting sister beer Busch – a value brand – at the event, according to reports. Pepsi Lady Gaga will headline Pepsi's halftime show, her second performance at the event after she sang the national anthem in 2016. The soft drinks brand will promote its zero sugar variant during the show, and has launched a competition for fans to be special guests at the show. Pepsi hasn't yet released its ad, but last year's debuted online three days before the event, so watch this space. Avocados from Mexico The avocado brand claims on its website to be the first fresh produce company to "run a big game TV ad" (aka a Super Bowl spot) which it did in 2015 featuring former NFL players Doug Flutie and Jerry Rice. Last year, it ran an ad featuring aliens looking at strange wonders from planet Earth, such as Rubik's cubes, airplanes and emojis, as well as guacamole made from Avocados from Mexico. This year the company says it will focus on a health message, according to an online statement – and arguably it has a job to do to explain the benefits of avocados' good - or monounsaturated - fat. Audi The car manufacturer confirmed to CNBC.com by email that it is to advertise during the Super Bowl this year, but no further information is available at this stage. In 2016, it used David Bowie's "Starman" as a soundtrack to its "Commander" spot featuring a retired astronaut and its 205 mph R8 V10 model, but did not run any advertising during 2015's big game. While it used last week's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas to announce the development of a self-driving car, it is more likely to promote a specific model at the Super Bowl. It is currently highlighting its 2017 A4 Allroad model on YouTube. Febreze and Mr Clean Procter and Gamble rocked the Super Bowl in 2015 with its "#LikeAGirl" ad for Always, a one-minute version of a three-minute ad that has been watched more than 63 million times. This year, it's the turn of cleaning products Febreze and Mr Clean, both of which are slated for 30-second spots, according to a spokesperson for the brand who CNBC.com contacted by email. Clarification: This story has been updated since first published following clarification from Devour. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Mon, Jan 16, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Your Money Markets Personal Finance Exchange Rates Funds Tracker All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X European stocks slip as Britain’s FTSE powers ahead on weaker pound Sterling weakens on comments by May on post-Brexit trade Mon, Jan 9, 2017, 19:11 Eoin Burke-Kennedy The FTSE 100 rose 0.4 per cent on Monday after hitting an all-time high of 7,243.76 points in its 10th straight session of gain. Photograph: Lauren Hurley/PA         European shares slipped on Monday as a pullback in bank stocks more than offset a stronger tech sector, while a drop in the pound drove Britain’s FTSE 100 index to further record highs. The pan-European Stoxx index slid 0.4 per cent, while the FTSE 100 rose 0.4 per cent after hitting an all-time high of 7,243.76 points in its 10th straight session of gains. The pound sank to more than two-month lows after weekend comments from British prime minister Theresa May sparked talk that Britain would drastically rework trade relations with the European Union after Brexit. “Domestic populist politics trumps the trade card for now, it seems, and that is weighing on the pound, whilst simultaneously giving another boost to the FTSE 100,” Neil Wilson, a senior market analyst at ETX Capital, said in a note. DUBLIN The Iseq was marginally down at 6,574, roughly tracking movements elsewhere in Europe. Tullow Oil ended the day flat at €3.83 after being down 3.5 per cent at one stage, following the news that it had agreed to sell a stake in a Ugandan oil project for €851 million to French group Total. The group’s shares rose 2.7 per cent in London, to £3.336. Bank of Ireland was down 2 per cent at 24.8 cents amid a wider downturn in European financials. Ryanair was also weaker, trading down 1 per cent at €14.62 after a strong week last week. Building materials giant CRH also tracked the weaker global trend to end the day down marginally at €32.05. In contrast, food firms Glanbia and Kerry traded up 2.3 per cent and 1.7 per cent respectively at €16.28 and €69.29, albeit on thin trading volumes. LONDON Britain’s blue-chip index broke fresh records on Monday, pushed up by rallying resource stocks and a weak sterling. The FTSE 100 touched a new record high of 7,243.76 points, then settled at 7,237.77 points, up 0.4 per cent, for the close. It chalked up its 10th straight daily session of gains. ADVERTISEMENT The index tends to gain as sterling drops, due to a large number of dollar-earning constituents. The pound slid more than 1 per cent to a ten-week low against the dollar after comments over the weekend from Theresa May reignited fears of a “hard Brexit”. Strong performance in basic resources and consumer stocks also underpinned the index. Glencore, Randgold Resources and BHP Billiton were among the top gainers as gold and silver prices rebounded. Glencore led the FTSE, closing up 3.6 per cent, supported by a note by Barclays reiterating its “overweight” rating and increasing its target price on the stock. Cigarette sellers British American Tobacco and Imperial Brands were third and fourth top gainers, leading the consumer goods sector higher. Outsourcing company Capita was the top faller, followed by Land Securities Group and Royal Bank of Scotland which, along with the vast majority of European banks, tracked lower. EUROPE Germany’s Fresenius Medical fell 6.8 per cent, making it the biggest loser on the pan-European Stoxx index, after it and US rival DaVita received subpoenas from federal prosecutors investigating their ties with a charity that helps patients pay for kidney dialysis. Among the biggest weights to the Stoxx were also oil majors Royal Dutch Shell and Total. Oil prices fell sharply as signs that growing US production and record Iraqi exports had raised concerns that additional output would weigh on the market. Among top gainers, French retailer Casino Guichard rose 3 per cent after an upgrade from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, citing a simplification of the group’s corporate structure as a positive for the stock. Tech stocks rose 0.7 per cent after an upbeat note from Citi, which expects the sector to have another bright year, citing appealing fundamentals and earnings prospects. SAP rose 0.8 per cent to a fresh 22-year high after UBS said a survey of customers of the German software maker suggested that the company had room to lift its mid-term goals when it reports results late this month. German car-maker Volkswagen rose 4.9 per cent with traders citing hopes a deal to resolve the US diesel emissions scandal could be close. NEW YORK Declines in bank and energy companies weighed on Wall Street, distancing the Dow from the 20,000 mark, while gains in technology stocks pushed the Nasdaq to a record intraday high. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, with Goldman Sachs’s 0.7 per cent decline weighing the most. P&G and Coca-Cola dropped 0.9 per cent after Goldman downgraded both the consumer staple stocks. Apple, which is celebrating the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, was up 1.1 per cent at $119.14, after hitting a 13-month high of $119.30. A string of multibillion dollar healthcare deals boost the sector on Monday. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 per cent on a $5.2 billion takeout by Japan’s Takeda. Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 per cent after Mars said it would buy the company for $7.7 billion. – (Additional reporting by Reuters/Bloomberg)       Topics: Eoin Burke Kennedy European Merrill Lynch Neil Wilson Theresa May European Union Pet Hospital American Tobacco Apple Ariad BHP Billiton Bank of America Bank of Ireland Barclays Bloomberg CRH Capita Group Casino Guichard Coca Cola DaVita ETX Fresenius Glanbia Glencore Goldman Sachs Group Imperial Brands Kerry Group Land Securities Group Randgold Resources Royal Bank of Scotland Royal Dutch Shell Ryanair SAP Takeda Total Tullow Oil UBS Vca Volkswagen AG County Kerry Dublin(IE) Europe Germany Japan London(GB) New York City United Kingdom United States Read More Sterling drops as May signals UK heading for ‘hard Brexit’ Oil halts its advance below $54 a barrel Exuberant markets may not be factoring Trump risks European stocks rally following US jobs report Asian shares rise as US interest rates ease Yuan set for big weekly gain as China bears down on speculators FTSE hits sixth consecutive all-time high World stocks hit 18-month high after strong China data Euro zone government bond yields edge back down due to US uncertainty Early new year rally ends for Euro stocks as oil markets rise Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Oxfam report reveals ‘obscene’ gap between rich and poor Retail & Services Irish retailers angry as State leaves them out in the cold Rugby Ulster unable to build on start as Exeter end European adventure Economy Merkel warns of risks posed by rising protectionism Sponsored Plan your financial future and enjoy your dream retirement Leading the dance: 'Growing up competing I learned the drive to keep going' Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Funds Tracker Keep up to date with your investments   Latest Business New orders drive recovery in construction, latest data shows 01:00 Oxfam report reveals ‘obscene’ gap between rich and poor 00:02 Facebook Germany to start tackling fake news within weeks 19:28 Seen & Heard: Silver lining for Apollo House activists? 19:10 For your diary 19:00 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 40 houses owned by Irish EuroMillions family seized 2 We could be looking at ‘hard Brexit’. But what does it mean? 3 Oxfam report reveals ‘obscene’ gap between rich and poor 4 John FitzGerald: What to expect from long-term Brexit effects 5 Denis O’Brien’s Digicel faces a cocktail of risks 6 US may overhaul visa programme for foreign workers 7 Cantillon: VW may not be the only cheats in the car showroom 8 Unlocking the blockchain enigma 9 Housing completions may be nearly half official figure, says expert 10 HSBC may appoint woman as new chairperson Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Our Columnists Dominic Coyle Q&A: Dominic Coyle Chris Johns Chris Johns: Are you ready for the driverless revolution? Mark Paul Irish retailers angry as State leaves them out in the cold John FitzGerald John FitzGerald: What to expect from long-term Brexit effects News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 16/1/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
