Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska LeanIn.Org Launches #20PercentCounts for Equal Pay Day 2017 to Highlight the Unfairness of the Gender Pay Gap News provided by LeanIn.Org Apr 03, 2017, 07:00 ET Share this article PALO ALTO, Calif., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- For Equal Pay Day (April 4), LeanIn.Org is launching #20PercentCounts, a campaign to raise awareness that women on average are paid 20 percent less than men in the United States. In support of the campaign, LUNA, Lyft, P&G, Salesforce, and businesses in twenty-five U.S. cities have joined forces with LeanIn.Org to offer 20 percent discounts or special offers. In addition, LeanIn.Org premiered a comedic video that shows the impact of 20 percent less on women's lives and released exclusive new data on the gender pay gap and the benefits of closing it to women, families, and the economy. "Equal pay is essential to the goal of gender equality," said Sheryl Sandberg, COO of Facebook and founder of LeanIn.Org. "This issue speaks to how we value women's labor, knowledge, time, training, and so much more. In short, it's about women's worth. There's nothing more fundamental than that." Women on average are paid 20 percent less than men. If you break the pay gap down by race and ethnicity, it is even worse: Black women are paid 37 percent less and Hispanic women are paid 46 percent less. Equal Pay Day marks how far all women need to work into 2017 to earn what men were paid in 2016. Because Black and Hispanic women face an even larger wage gap, they have to work until July 31 and November 2 respectively to catch up. The gender pay gap disadvantages women and impacts families' ability to buy groceries, pay for child care, invest in their children's education, and more. If we closed the gender pay gap, the average woman would make $530,000 more over the course of her career, and millions of women and families would be lifted out of poverty. If we closed the pay gap, women on average could afford 78 more weeks of groceries each year—for Black and Hispanic women it would mean 155 and 193 additional weeks of food respectively.   In support of #20PercentCounts, businesses in twenty-five U.S. cities from Boston to St. Louis to Atlanta are offering 20 percent discounts on everyday purchases from coffee to pizza to pet supplies. Salesforce, the #1 CRM company and an equal pay pioneer, provided a donation for in-store signage, online advertising, and local events to support the national rollout of #20PercentCounts. Leaders from the Lean In Circles program, a global network of small peer support groups, are spearheading this grassroots effort. With support from LeanIn.Org, leaders recruited participating businesses and are serving as spokespeople for the campaign in their communities. "Women accomplish amazing things when we work together," said Rachel Thomas, president and co-founder of LeanIn.Org. "Hand in hand with the women in our Circles community, we're shining a light on an issue that matters to all of us—and to all women around the world." The idea to rally small businesses in support of equal pay was inspired by Lean In DC, a Chapter of Lean In Circles led by a group of millennial women in Washington, D.C. Since 2014, Lean In DC has partnered with local businesses to offer discounts commensurate with the gender pay gap, and this year they are playing a lead role in #20PercentCounts. The #20PercentCounts campaign is further amplified through large-scale partnerships with LUNA, Lyft, and P&G: LUNA is offering 20% off all LUNA Bars sold on lunabar.com (while supplies last) from April 3–11 and matching the discount amount with a donation of up to $100,000 to fund salary negotiation workshops in partnership with the American Association of University Women (AAUW) Lyft, which completes 20 million rides per month, is donating 20 percent of proceeds from rides taken in over 240 cities on April 4 to organizations that serve women and families—and will share the campaign with their customers via their app and online channels P&G is offering a rebate on its products through April 30 (via pre-paid card) and will be promoting the importance of equal pay to 46 million U.S. households All offers and details are available at leanin.org/equalpay. With support from all three partners, LeanIn.Org is also raising money for organizations that help women and families in need and provide resources to help them succeed, including AAUW, Boys & Girls Clubs of America, Dress for Success, and Feeding America. Produced by a largely female team in partnership with Funny Or Die and Hulu, LeanIn.Org's campaign video illustrates the absurdity and unfairness of women receiving 20 percent less—from 20 percent less morning coffee to 20 percent less pay. Both companies are sharing the video with their audiences on funnyordie.com and hulu.com. The full video is available here: https://youtu.be/YE9wnpePsKU The #20PercentCounts campaign is supported by research-based information on the gender pay gap and the benefits of closing it. At leanin.org/equalpay, visitors can find the most recent data on the pay gap in the United States and globally, as well as steps companies can take to make sure they pay women fairly. This includes new research commissioned from the Institute for Women's Policy Research that shows closing the pay gap would lift 3.1 million working women and their families out of poverty and add $513 billion in new income each year to the U.S. economy. LeanIn.Org is also working with the National Partnership for Women & Families to share state-level data on the gender pay gap and how much it costs women and their families in basic necessities such as food, rent, tuition, child care, and more. With the help of large-scale distribution and advertising partners—including Brit & Co, Facebook, Google, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, and YouTube—the campaign is reaching millions of people online. In addition, beginning in early summer Virgin America will play the campaign video and related educational videos from LeanIn.Org, including a new series on negotiation from Duke professor Ashleigh S. Rosette, on its in-flight entertainment system, RED. To participate in the campaign and help raise awareness of the gender pay gap, people are encouraged to post #20PercentCounts on social media. They can also visit leanin.org/equalpay to watch the campaign video and learn more about the gender pay gap. Quotes from Partner Companies: "The gender pay gap doesn't just affect women—it affects entire families who depend on women's incomes," says AAUW Board Chair Patricia Fae Ho. "Women can't afford to wait decades or longer for fair pay. We are so grateful to be a part of the #20PercentCounts initiative and get much-needed support for our salary negotiation workshops and AAUW's advocacy and research on the gender pay gap." "Female-headed households disproportionately experience food insecurity compared to other groups," said Diana Aviv, CEO of Feeding America. "If we closed the pay gap, women could afford more food for their families.  We applaud LeanIn.Org for shining a light on Equal Pay Day and supporting our efforts to help ensure that women and families have the food and fuel they need to learn, grow, and work." "We are committed to championing women in the push for equality—inspiring this generation to raise their voice so that the next generation of girls can focus on their efforts and not their paychecks," said Kit Crawford, co-chief Visionary Officer of Clif Bar & Company and owner of the LUNA brand. "April 4th is Equal Pay Day, but our work to level the playing field doesn't end here. We are proud to partner with LeanIn.Org and AAUW to work towards closing the gender pay gap and support equality for women everywhere." "Lyft is proud to team up with LeanIn.Org to shed light on the gender pay gap and promote action on issues that affect women," said Logan Green, CEO of Lyft. "We know that equal pay is just one of a number of barriers that women face in the workplace, and today we strive to do our part to grow awareness and support for bridging the pay gap." "We are proud to support LeanIn.Org's efforts to raise awareness about the pay gap between women and men," said Carolyn Tastad, P&G Group President North America & Executive Sponsor Gender Equality. "P&G is passionately committed to equal pay. P&G is passionately committed to gender equality. We know that when women have the opportunity for full and equal representation that businesses perform better, economies thrive, communities are healthier, and the world is a better place—for all of us." About LeanIn.Org LeanIn.Org is an initiative of the Sheryl Sandberg & Dave Goldberg Family Foundation to empower women to achieve their ambitions. LeanIn.Org offers inspiration and support through an online community, free education materials, and Lean In Circles, small groups of peers who meet regularly to learn and grow together. The Lean In community includes more than 1.5 million women and men and 32,000 Lean In Circles in more than 150 countries. The Sheryl Sandberg & Dave Goldberg Family Foundation is a private operating nonprofit organization under IRS section 501(c)(3). CONTACT: press@leanin.org To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leaninorg-launches-20percentcounts-for-equal-pay-day-2017-to-highlight-the-unfairness-of-the-gender-pay-gap-300433115.html SOURCE LeanIn.Org Mar 28, 2017, 07:00 ET Preview: LeanIn.Org, NBA, WNBA, and NBPA Launch Campaign with New Videos Highlighting Critical Role Men Play in Achieving Gender Equality My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 28, 2017, 07:00 ETLeanIn.Org, NBA, WNBA, and NBPA Launch Campaign with New Videos... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Multimedia & Internet Social Media Human Resource & Workforce Management Corporate Social Responsibility You just read: LeanIn.Org Launches #20PercentCounts for Equal Pay Day 2017 to Highlight the Unfairness of the Gender Pay Gap News provided by LeanIn.Org Apr 03, 2017, 07:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up P&G's Ariel tops WARC 100 News, 04 April 2017 Topics Findings from effectiveness awards GLOBAL: An India campaign for Procter & Gamble's Ariel detergent brand has topped the WARC 100, an annual ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies according to their business impact. Now in its fourth year, the WARC 100 is built on a rigorous methodology, tracking 2,000 individual award winners across different effectiveness and strategy awards schemes held around the world. Ariel's Share the Load, developed by BBDO Mumbai and Mediacom Mumbai, used online, cinema and TVCs as well as campaign-specific packaging to encourage men to share the weight of household chores. More than 1.5 million men pledged to do so and Ariel more than doubled value and volume sales, which grew 106% and 105% respectively. Procter & Gamble was also the top advertiser for the second year running, with five campaigns in the WARC 100 versus rival Unilever's three. The success of campaigns for its Ariel, Always and Old Spice brands cemented P&G's position as No.1. Vodafone, meanwhile, emerged as the top brand, with a consistent year in terms of award wins across campaigns and regions. With only two campaigns in the top 100, but multiple wins at fifteen separate awards competitions, the brand accrued enough points to push it into pole position. BBDO Worldwide was the leading agency network, with adam&eveDDB the top creative agency while Starcom New York headed the media agency list. "This year's WARC 100 reflects an industry in flux," said David Tiltman, Head of Content at WARC. "It's clear from the rankings that TV-led, 'big idea' advertising, when executed well, is still highly effective. But we're seeing a range of alternative approaches also capable of generating business results – from data-driven 'moment marketing' to stunts or events designed to focus consumer attention. "One of the big questions in the industry at the moment is whether these alternative approaches build brands and deliver results in the long term as well as at the time of the campaign." Data sourced from WARC Sign up for daily news Latest News Philippines leads APAC ad growth News Indian Premier League sells out News US cable news audiences jump News ARF expands research agenda News 'Tiny' number of ads not safe, says Google News P&G's Ariel tops WARC 100 News Local publishers make brand safety pitch News Tech giants pledge to tackle extremism View more News and Opinion More from WARC Warc 100: The UK's best campaigns and companies 2016 Warc Webinar: Lessons from the Warc 100 2016 Asian Strategy Report 2017: Insights from the Warc Prize for Asian Strategy Get a demo Topics Findings from effectiveness awards 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Home Weather 66° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Sheryl Sandberg's new mission on Equal Pay Day: #20PercentCounts Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY , KPNX 3:02 PM. MST April 03, 2017 Sheryl Sandberg file picture taken on Sep. 27, 2016. (Photo: Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST SAN FRANCISCO — Lean In's Sheryl Sandberg is calling attention to the gender pay gap with a national retail campaign that will offer discounts to women on Equal Pay Day. The reasoning behind the #20PercentCounts campaign that launches Tuesday: If a woman makes 20% less than a man, she should pay 20% less for the purchases she makes. Three hundred local businesses in 25 cities will offer 20% discounts or special offers to women and men, too. Equal Pay Day is a symbolic point in the year that represents the date that working women's pay catches up to men's from the prior year. Women on average are paid 20% less than men in the U.S., black women 37% less and Hispanic women 46% less, says Sandberg. For women of color, Equal Pay Day comes much later in the year. Black women have to work until July 31 and Hispanic women until November 2 to catch up. Little progress has been made in narrowing the gap since President John F. Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act more than a half century ago, Sandberg says. "Pennies," she told USA TODAY in an interview. "Pennies." The #20PercentCounts campaign was spearheaded by Lean In circles, the peer support groups that sprang from Sandberg's 2013 bestseller Lean In. This is the fourth year of the campaign for Lean In DC, which came up with the idea, and the first year it has gone national, says Hilary Badger, who sits on Lean In DC's executive board. Panbury's Pie Cafe in Atlanta, Georgia, Builders' Hardware in East Lansing, Mich., Found Coffee in Los Angeles and Wiley's Comedy Joint in Dayton, Ohio, are among the local businesses offering 20% discounts. National partners for the Lean In campaign are LUNA, Lyft, Procter & Gamble and Salesforce. LUNA is offering 20% off of bars sold on its website from April 3 to April 11. Lyft is donating 20% of ride fares on Tuesday to organizations that help women and families. Procter & Gamble is offering a rebate on some products. Salesforce donated in-store signage, online advertising and local events, according to Lean In. "To see businesses take a stand, this is how we value women's labor, is really exciting," says Badger. According to Lean In, shortchanging women's paychecks unfairly penalizes women and their families, reducing how much they can spend on groceries to how much they can put away for their children's education. If the pay gap were erased, the average woman would make $530,000 more over the course of her career, and millions of women and families would be lifted out of poverty, Lean In says. Practically speaking, that means women on average could afford 78 more weeks of groceries each year. Black and Hispanic women could afford 155 additional weeks and 193 additional weeks of groceries, respectively. "We have to understand that the pay gap is happening to women and men with similar jobs that require similar skills and similar educational levels — and that has a real impact," Sandberg said. "The number of working women living in poverty would be cut in half if women were just paid the same as men. So this is important for our businesses and this is important for our country." Few people dispute there's a wage gap, but not everyone believes it's as wide as Sandberg does. The Census Bureau says women earn 79 cents for every dollar that men earn, based on the median salaries of full-time workers. When it comes to weekly and hourly wages, the gap isn't as great, according to the Labor Department’s Bureau of Labor Statistics. Some differences between women's and men's paychecks can be explained by factors including the average woman has less work experience than the average man, women take time off to raise children and they choose careers that tend to have more flexible hours and lower earning potential. But part of the gender pay gap can't be accounted for and stubbornly pops up in a range of occupations and industries. Sandberg, who has spoken out frequently on the wage gap, says her company, Facebook, conducts frequent audits to make sure it pays women and men equally. Her hope: that publicity from the #20PercentCounts campaign will spur more action, maybe even legislation. A number of states have enacted equal pay laws. California, home base to Facebook, has one of the nation's toughest, requiring companies to prove they pay women and men equally for similar jobs. But proposed federal legislation, known as the the Paycheck Fairness Act, has repeatedly stalled in Congress. Shareholders are getting more aggressive in pressuring companies, including Facebook, on equal pay. Still, surveys show the gender pay gap is a big problem in the technology industry. "We need to raise the federal minimum wage law. Two-thirds of minimum-wage workers are women. We need better public policy. We need businesses to do the audits they should be doing. We need individuals to be aware of this," Sandberg said. "There is a lot to do." Visitors to LeanIn.org's website will find data on the pay gap in the U.S. and globally as well as steps that companies can take to make sure they pay women fairly. A campaign video from Funny or Die and Hulu posted there imagines a woman's day with 20% less of everything, from coffee to smartphone batteries. Browser does not support iframes. © 2017 USATODAY.COM CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS KPNX Breaking News 2 Giraffe Birth Facts KPNX Breaking News 1 Graphic details revealed in football hazing case New Prince Charles bio reveals details about life of next British king NAU students protest discrimination Man gets red light ticket from 1,000 miles away Final Four music fest huge success DPS pursuing a vehicle on Loop 202 Livestream 4 More Stories North Carolina defeats Gonzaga for redemption in… Apr. 3, 2017, 8:40 p.m. PHOTOS: NCAA Men's Basketball Championship Apr. 3, 2017, 8:49 p.m. Hamilton HS football coach 'reassigned to home'… Apr. 3, 2017, 2:17 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action More... Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Spanish Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Arizona's Most Wanted Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Super Bowl Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 Real Men Wear Gowns AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Magnify Money Dollars & Sense More Features Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Dark Skies Over Arizona Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday Ways to Save Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Grammys Ask the Expert About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News Advertise with Us TV Listings NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey Text Alerts © 2017 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Phoenix Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Fragrances and Perfumes Industry Report 2017 Market Growth, Trends ,Capacity, Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Region Analysis and Forecast 2022 FRAGRANCES AND PERFUMES   Covered in this Report: The major players in global Fragrances and Perfumes market include Avon, Bulgari, Chanel, Coty, Elizabeth Arden, Estee Lauder, Gucci Group NV, Gianni Versace SpA, Liz Claiborne, L’oreal SA, LVMH Group, Procter & Gamble, Puig Beauty & Fashion Group, Polo Ralph Lauren Corporation, Revlon. On the basis of product, the Fragrances and Perfumes market is primarily split into Parfum Eau de Parfum Eau de Toilette Eau de Cologne Eau Fraiche Others To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1139159-global-fragrances-and-perfumes-market-research-report-2017 On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers For Male For Female For Both    To get complete copy of report visit @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1139159-global-fragrances-and-perfumes-market-research-report-2017 Key Points in Table Of Content Global Fragrances and Perfumes Market Research Report 2017 1 Methodology/Research Approach 1.1 Research Programs/Design 1.2 Market Size Estimation 1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation 2 Data Source 2.1 Secondary Sources 2.2 Primary Sources 3 Disclaimer 1 Fragrances and Perfumes Market Overview 1.1 Fragrances and Perfumes Product Overview 1.2 Fragrances and Perfumes Segment by Types (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Sales and Growth (%) Comparison by Types (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Sales Market Share (%) by Types (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Parfum 1.2.4 Eau de Parfum 1.2.5 Eau de Toilette 1.2.6 Eau de Cologne 1.2.7 Eau Fraiche 1.2.8 Others 1.3 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Segment by Applications 1.3.1 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Sales (K Ton) Comparison by Applications (2012-2022) 1.3.2 For Male 1.3.3 For Female 1.3.4 For Both 1.4 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Market by Regions (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Market Size and Growth (%) Comparison by Regions (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Fragrances and Perfumes Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Asia-Pacific Fragrances and Perfumes Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Fragrances and Perfumes Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 South America Fragrances and Perfumes Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Middle East and Africa Fragrances and Perfumes Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Market Size (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Sales (K Ton) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Market Competition by Manufacturers/Brand 2.1 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Sales (K Ton) and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Revenue (Million USD) and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Average Price (USD/Ton) by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Fragrances and Perfumes Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types 2.5 Fragrances and Perfumes Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Fragrances and Perfumes Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Fragrances and Perfumes Market Share (%) of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Sales (K Ton), Revenue (Million USD) by Regions (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Sales (K Ton) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Fragrances and Perfumes Sales (K Ton), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Ton) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Fragrances and Perfumes Sales (K Ton), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Ton) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Fragrances and Perfumes Sales (K Ton), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Ton) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 3.7 Asia-Pacific Fragrances and Perfumes Sales (K Ton), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Ton) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 3.8 South America Fragrances and Perfumes Sales (K Ton), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Ton) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Middle East and Africa Fragrances and Perfumes Sales (K Ton), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Ton) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017)  33 Continued…      To Purchase Report visit @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1139159    Contact Us: Norah Trent Partner Relations & Marketing Manager Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)  Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym   Subscribe Our YouTube Channel @ https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEGrh5nnB7C6Vg4CgpuzBPw Click Here For More Details https://www.wiseguyreports.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Fragrances and Perfumes, Fragrances and Perfumes Industry, Fragrances and Perfumes Manufacturers, Fragrances and Perfumes Market, Fragrances and Perfumes Market Analysis, Fragrances and Perfumes Market Growth, Fragrances and Perfumes Market Report, Fragrances and Perfumes Market Research, Fragrances and Perfumes Market Sales, Fragrances and Perfumes Market Segmentation, Fragrances and Perfumes Market Share, Fragrances and Perfumes Market Trends, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cox Enterprises Announces $25,000 Grant to Support the League of United Latin American Citizens Next PostNext Wockhardt Receives Acknowledgement Of Its Breakthrough Superdrug Antibiotic WCK 5222 For Phase III Clinical Trial From US FDA Search Recent Posts Compliance Monitoring Devices Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2015-2025 Polewall AS successfully tests 200 Gbps transport solution, wireless fiber-like speed is now a reality Datacolor’s New Handheld ColorReaderPRO – The Color Matching Solution for Paint Companies Amazon Web Services Announces the Opening of Data Centers in Sweden in 2018 Nerve Monitoring Devices Market Dynamics, Segments and Supply Demand 2015-2025 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 256 35 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Sheryl Sandberg's new mission on Equal Pay Day: #20PercentCounts Women earn 20% less than men so they will pay 20% less for purchases at some businesses on Equal Pay Day with a national campaign led by Lean In's Sheryl Sandberg. Post to Facebook Sheryl Sandberg's new mission on Equal Pay Day: #20PercentCounts Women earn 20% less than men so they will pay 20% less for purchases at some businesses on Equal Pay Day with a national campaign led by Lean In's Sheryl Sandberg.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2n3IwXX {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 78 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs This story is part of the series inequity in silicon valley Uber like the rest of tech: White, Asian and male Yes, there's sexism in tech. Women should go into it anyway. Google opens 'Howard West' on Calif. campus Sheryl Sandberg's new mission on Equal Pay Day: #20PercentCounts Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY Published 7:06 a.m. ET April 3, 2017 | Updated 9 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share We have a long way to go. Time Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg at an event at Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif., in February 2016. (Photo: Martin E. Klimek, USA TODAY) 256 CONNECTTWEET 35 LINKEDIN 78 COMMENTEMAILMORE Corrections & Clarifications: The 20% discount will be available to men as well as women.  SAN FRANCISCO — Lean In's Sheryl Sandberg is calling attention to the gender pay gap with a national retail campaign that will offer discounts to women on Equal Pay Day. The reasoning behind the #20PercentCounts campaign that launches Tuesday: If a woman makes 20% less than a man, she should pay 20% less for the purchases she makes. Three hundred local businesses in 25 cities will offer 20% discounts or special offers to women and men, too. Equal Pay Day is a symbolic point in the year that represents the date that working women's pay catches up to men's from the prior year. Women on average are paid 20% less than men in the U.S., black women 37% less and Hispanic women 46% less, says Sandberg. For women of color, Equal Pay Day comes much later in the year. Black women have to work until July 31 and Hispanic women until November 2 to catch up. Little progress has been made in narrowing the gap since President John F. Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act more than a half century ago, says Sandberg, founder of LeanIn.org and chief operating officer of Facebook. "Pennies," she told USA TODAY in an interview. "Pennies." The #20PercentCounts campaign was spearheaded by Lean In circles, the peer support groups that sprang from Sandberg's 2013 bestseller Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead. This is the fourth year of the campaign for Lean In DC, which came up with the idea, and the first year it has gone national, says Hilary Badger, who sits on Lean In DC's executive board. Panbury's Pie Cafe in Atlanta, Georgia, Builders' Hardware in East Lansing, Mich., Found Coffee in Los Angeles and Wiley's Comedy Joint in Dayton, Ohio, are among the local businesses offering 20% discounts. National partners for the Lean In campaign are LUNA, Lyft, Procter & Gamble and Salesforce. LUNA is offering 20% off of bars sold on its website from April 3 to April 11. Lyft is donating 20% of ride fares on Tuesday to organizations that help women and families. Procter & Gamble is offering a rebate on some products. Salesforce donated in-store signage, online advertising and local events, according to Lean In. "To see businesses take a stand, this is how we value women's labor, is really exciting," says Badger. According to Lean In, shortchanging women's paychecks unfairly penalizes women and their families, reducing how much they can spend on groceries to how much they can put away for their children's education. If the pay gap were erased, the average woman would make $530,000 more over the course of her career, and millions of women and families would be lifted out of poverty, Lean In says. Practically speaking, that means women on average could afford 78 more weeks of groceries each year. Black and Hispanic women could afford 155 additional weeks and 193 additional weeks of groceries, respectively. "We have to understand that the pay gap is happening to women and men with similar jobs that require similar skills and similar educational levels — and that has a real impact," Sandberg said. "The number of working women living in poverty would be cut in half if women were just paid the same as men. So this is important for our businesses and this is important for our country." Few people dispute there's a wage gap, but not everyone believes it's as wide as Sandberg does. The Census Bureau says women earn 79 cents for every dollar that men earn, based on the median salaries of full-time workers. When it comes to weekly and hourly wages, the gap isn't as great, according to the Labor Department’s Bureau of Labor Statistics. Some differences between women's and men's paychecks can be explained by factors including the average woman has less work experience than the average man, women take time off to raise children and they choose careers that tend to have more flexible hours and lower earning potential. But part of the gender pay gap can't be accounted for and stubbornly pops up in a range of occupations and industries. Related: Sheryl Sandberg: Four years after 'Lean In' women are not better off Sheryl Sandberg tells women: 'Lean in harder' Sheryl Sandberg to corporate America: Lean in on family leave The pay gap could vanish for all women — sometime in the 23rd century Sandberg, who has spoken out frequently on the wage gap, says her company, Facebook, conducts frequent audits to make sure it pays women and men equally. Her hope: that publicity from the #20PercentCounts campaign will spur more action, maybe even legislation. A number of states have enacted equal pay laws. California, home base to Facebook, has one of the nation's toughest, requiring companies to prove they pay women and men equally for similar jobs. But proposed federal legislation, known as the the Paycheck Fairness Act, has repeatedly stalled in Congress. Shareholders are getting more aggressive in pressuring companies, including Facebook, on equal pay. Still, surveys show the gender pay gap is a big problem in the technology industry. "We need to raise the federal minimum wage law. Two-thirds of minimum-wage workers are women. We need better public policy. We need businesses to do the audits they should be doing. We need individuals to be aware of this," Sandberg said. "There is a lot to do." Visitors to LeanIn.org's website will find data on the pay gap in the U.S. and globally as well as steps that companies can take to make sure they pay women fairly. A campaign video from Funny or Die and Hulu posted there imagines a woman's day with 20% less of everything, from coffee to smartphone batteries. funnyordie.com and hulu.com. The full video is available here, embed code: <!--iframe--> 256 CONNECTTWEET 35 LINKEDIN 78 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2n3IwXX This story is part of the series inequity in silicon valley Uber like the rest of tech: White, Asian and male Yes, there's sexism in tech. Women should go into it anyway. Google opens 'Howard West' on Calif. campus
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News United States Soap, Bath and Shower Products Market 2017 Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Focuses on top players, with sales, price, revenue, gross margin and market share for each player Pune , India – April 3, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Soap, Bath and Shower Products Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds „Soap, Bath and Shower Products -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database This report studies sales (consumption) of Soap, Bath and Shower Products in USA market, focuses on top players, with sales, price, revenue, gross margin and market share for each player, covering Johnson & Johnson L’OREAL The Body Shop Radox Dove Lynx P&G Nivea Avon Philosophy MolUnit Brown Bath and Body Work L’occitane Aveeno Fresh Lush Ivory Zest Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1139162-united-states-soap-bath-and-shower-products-market-report-2017 Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Liquid body wash and/or shower gel Bar soap Liquid hand soap Hand sanitizer Others Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Soap, Bath and Shower Products in each application, can be divided into Household Hotel Fitness Others Data including (both global and regions): Production (K Units), Sales (both volume and value-million USD), Market Share, Consumption (both volume and value-million USD), Import, Export, price (USD/Unit), cost, gross Margin etc. More detailed information, please refer to the attachment file and table of contents. If you have other requirements, please contact us, we can also offer! Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1139162-united-states-soap-bath-and-shower-products-market-report-2017 Table of Contents United States Soap, Bath and Shower Products Market Report 2017 1 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Soap, Bath and Shower Products 1.2 Classification of Soap, Bath and Shower Products 1.2.1 Liquid body wash and/or shower gel 1.2.2 Bar soap 1.2.3 Liquid hand soap 1.2.4 Hand sanitizer 1.3 Applications of Soap, Bath and Shower Products 1.3.1 Household 1.3.2 Hotel 1.3.3 Fitness 1.3.4 Others 1.4 USA Market Size Sales (Volume) and Revenue (Value) of Soap, Bath and Shower Products (2012-2022) 1.4.1 USA Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.4.2 USA Soap, Bath and Shower Products Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) … 5 USA Soap, Bath and Shower Products Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 5.1 Johnson & Johnson 5.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.1.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.1.2.1 Type one 5.1.2.2 Type two 5.1.3 Johnson & Johnson Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.2 L’OREAL 5.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.2.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.2.2.1 Type one 5.2.2.2 Type two 5.2.3 L’OREAL Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.3 The Body Shop 5.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.3.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.3.2.1 Type one 5.3.2.2 Type two 5.3.3 The Body Shop Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.4 Radox 5.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.4.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.4.2.1 Type one 5.4.2.2 Type two 5.4.3 Radox Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.5 Dove 5.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.5.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.5.2.1 Type one 5.5.2.2 Type two 5.5.3 Dove Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.6 Lynx 5.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.6.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.6.2.1 Type one 5.6.2.2 Type two 5.6.3 Lynx Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.7 P&G 5.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.7.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.7.2.1 Type one 5.7.2.2 Type two 5.7.3 P&G Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.8 Nivea 5.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.8.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.8.2.1 Type one 5.8.2.2 Type two 5.8.3 Nivea Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.9 Avon 5.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.9.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.9.2.1 Type one 5.9.2.2 Type two 5.9.3 Avon Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.10 Philosophy 5.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.10.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.10.2.1 Type one 5.10.2.2 Type two 5.10.3 Philosophy Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.11 MolUnit Brown 5.12 Bath and Body Work 5.13 L’occitane 5.14 Aveeno 5.15 Fresh 5.16 Lush 5.17 Ivory 5.18 Zest Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1139162 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/united-states-soap-bath-and-shower-products-market-2017-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/182673 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1139162-united-states-soap-bath-and-shower-products-market-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 182673 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Artist Peter O’Neill Announces Opening Of New Gallery In Key West (Mon 3rd Apr 17) MMLaw-PLLC.com Announces Michael Manoussos Serves Queens Court As Arbitrator (Mon 3rd Apr 17) Accelerated Solvent Extraction (ASE) Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 (Mon 3rd Apr 17) Medical Linear Accelerator Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities in India Forecast To 2022 (Mon 3rd Apr 17) HVAC Control Systems Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 (Mon 3rd Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MMLaw-PLLC.com Announces Michael Manoussos Serves Queens Court As Arbitrator Next PostNext Research Reports Coverage on Resorts & Casinos Stocks — Wynn Resorts, Royal Caribbean Cruises, Penn National Gaming, and Boyd Gaming Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     United States Soap, Bath and Shower Products Market 2017 Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Focuses on top players, with sales, price, revenue, gross margin and market share for each player Pune , India - April 3, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Soap, Bath and Shower Products Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds "Soap, Bath and Shower Products -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022" To Its Research Database This report studies sales (consumption) of Soap, Bath and Shower Products in USA market, focuses on top players, with sales, price, revenue, gross margin and market share for each player, covering Johnson & Johnson L'OREAL The Body Shop Radox Dove Lynx P&G Nivea Avon Philosophy MolUnit Brown Bath and Body Work L'occitane Aveeno Fresh Lush Ivory Zest Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1139162-united-states-soap-bath-and-shower-products-market-report-2017 Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Liquid body wash and/or shower gel Bar soap Liquid hand soap Hand sanitizer Others Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Soap, Bath and Shower Products in each application, can be divided into Household Hotel Fitness Others Data including (both global and regions): Production (K Units), Sales (both volume and value-million USD), Market Share, Consumption (both volume and value-million USD), Import, Export, price (USD/Unit), cost, gross Margin etc. More detailed information, please refer to the attachment file and table of contents. If you have other requirements, please contact us, we can also offer! Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1139162-united-states-soap-bath-and-shower-products-market-report-2017 Table of Contents United States Soap, Bath and Shower Products Market Report 2017 1 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Soap, Bath and Shower Products 1.2 Classification of Soap, Bath and Shower Products 1.2.1 Liquid body wash and/or shower gel 1.2.2 Bar soap 1.2.3 Liquid hand soap 1.2.4 Hand sanitizer 1.3 Applications of Soap, Bath and Shower Products 1.3.1 Household 1.3.2 Hotel 1.3.3 Fitness 1.3.4 Others 1.4 USA Market Size Sales (Volume) and Revenue (Value) of Soap, Bath and Shower Products (2012-2022) 1.4.1 USA Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.4.2 USA Soap, Bath and Shower Products Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) ... 5 USA Soap, Bath and Shower Products Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 5.1 Johnson & Johnson 5.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.1.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.1.2.1 Type one 5.1.2.2 Type two 5.1.3 Johnson & Johnson Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.2 L'OREAL 5.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.2.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.2.2.1 Type one 5.2.2.2 Type two 5.2.3 L'OREAL Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.3 The Body Shop 5.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.3.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.3.2.1 Type one 5.3.2.2 Type two 5.3.3 The Body Shop Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.4 Radox 5.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.4.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.4.2.1 Type one 5.4.2.2 Type two 5.4.3 Radox Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.5 Dove 5.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.5.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.5.2.1 Type one 5.5.2.2 Type two 5.5.3 Dove Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.6 Lynx 5.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.6.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.6.2.1 Type one 5.6.2.2 Type two 5.6.3 Lynx Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.7 P&G 5.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.7.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.7.2.1 Type one 5.7.2.2 Type two 5.7.3 P&G Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.8 Nivea 5.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.8.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.8.2.1 Type one 5.8.2.2 Type two 5.8.3 Nivea Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.9 Avon 5.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.9.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.9.2.1 Type one 5.9.2.2 Type two 5.9.3 Avon Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.10 Philosophy 5.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.10.2 Soap, Bath and Shower Products Product Types, Application and Specification 5.10.2.1 Type one 5.10.2.2 Type two 5.10.3 Philosophy Soap, Bath and Shower Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.11 MolUnit Brown 5.12 Bath and Body Work 5.13 L'occitane 5.14 Aveeno 5.15 Fresh 5.16 Lush 5.17 Ivory 5.18 Zest Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1139162 Continued... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/united-states-soap-bath-and-shower-products-market-2017-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/182673 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1139162-united-states-soap-bath-and-shower-products-market-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 182673 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Ethyl Acetate Market: Industry Analysis, Trend, Demand and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Software Defined Data Center (SDDC) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Vacuum Insulation Panels Market Growth Opportunities, Key Driving Factors, Market Scenario and Forecast to 2022 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Food Grade Alcohol Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Web Real-Time Communication Market to Grow at CAGR Of 3.67% According to Forecast from 2017 to 2022 (Tue 4th Apr 17) PLACE Real Estate Team In Vancouver BC Launch Stunning Real Estate Website Showcasing MLS Listings (Tue 4th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories H-1B visas targeted by Trump administration Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel Bernie Sanders walked into a costumed battle at Anime Boston The biggest threat facing middle-age men isn’t smoking or obesity. It’s loneliness. Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Advertisers want their Google ads off offensive content E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Richard Vogel/Associated Press/File 2010 Google’s YouTube shares a portion of ad sales with the creators of the content those ads appear against. By Daisuke Wakabayashi New York Times  April 03, 2017 MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. — Over the years, Google trained computer systems to keep copyrighted content and pornography off its YouTube service. But after seeing ads from Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble, and Walmart appear next to racist, anti-Semitic, or terrorist videos, its engineers realized their computer models had a blind spot: They did not understand context. Now teaching computers to understand what humans can readily grasp may be the key to calming fears among big-spending advertisers that their ads have been appearing alongside videos from extremist groups and other offensive messages. Advertisement Google engineers, product managers, and policy wonks are trying to train computers to grasp the nuances of what makes certain videos objectionable. Advertisers may tolerate use of a racial epithet in a hip-hop video, for example, but may be horrified to see it used in a video from a racist skinhead group. That ads bought by well-known companies can occasionally appear next to offensive videos has long been considered a nuisance to YouTube’s business. But the issue has gained urgency in recent weeks, as The Times of London and other outlets have written about brands that inadvertently fund extremists through automated advertising — a byproduct of a system in which YouTube shares a portion of ad sales with the creators of the content those ads appear against. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here This glitch in the company’s giant, automated process turned into a public-relations nightmare. Companies like AT&T and Johnson & Johnson said they would pull their ads from YouTube, as well as Google’s display advertising business, until they could get assurances that such placement would not happen again. Consumers watch more than a billion hours on YouTube every day, making it the dominant video platform on the Internet and an obvious beneficiary as advertising money moves online from television. But the recent problems opened Google to criticism that it was not doing enough to look out for advertisers. It is a significant problem for a multibillion-dollar company that still gets most of its revenue through advertising. “We take this as seriously as we’ve ever taken a problem,” Philipp Schindler, Google’s chief business officer, said in an interview last week. “We’ve been in emergency mode.” Advertisement During the last two weeks, Google has changed what types of videos can carry advertising, barring ads from appearing with hate speech or discriminatory content. In addition, Google is simplifying how advertisers can exclude specific sites, channels, and videos across YouTube and Google’s display network. It is allowing brands to fine-tune the types of content they want to avoid, such as “sexually suggestive” or “sensational/bizarre” videos. It is also putting in more stringent safety standards by default, so an advertiser must choose to place ads next to more provocative content. Google created an expedited way to alert it when ads appear next to offensive content. The Silicon Valley giant is trying to reassure companies like Unilever, the world’s second-largest advertiser, with a portfolio of consumer brands like Dove and Ben & Jerry’s. As other brands started fleeing YouTube, Unilever discovered three instances in which its brands appeared on objectionable YouTube channels. But Keith Weed, chief marketing officer of Unilever, decided not to withdraw its ads because the number of ads appearing with objectionable content was proportionally small. The average $100,000 YouTube campaign runs across more than 7,000 channels, according to the video analytics firm OpenSlate, and Unilever spends hundreds of millions of dollars on YouTube. Also, Google discovered that the ads in question appeared because of a human error in setting safety levels. Weed said it was in Unilever’s best interest to win concessions from Google instead of cutting ties. As part of its new measures, Google agreed to work with outside companies to provide third-party verification about where ads appeared on YouTube. When he broached the idea of independent verification in the past, Weed said, Google executives acted as though he had suggested the company was not trustworthy. He said the issue was not about trust, but about companies being able to “mark their own homework.” ‘No system can be 100 percent perfect. We’re working as hard as we can to make it as safe as possible.’ He said he thought that Google would have agreed eventually, but that “the current situation accelerated their plans.” Google’s efforts are being noticed. Johnson & Johnson, for example, said it had resumed YouTube advertising in a number of countries. Google said other companies were starting to return. For the most part, Google failed to address the issue adequately before because it did not have to; the instances in which ads appeared next to objectionable content happened infrequently and out of view from the broader public. Google said that for many of its top advertisers, the objectionable videos accounted for fewer than one one-thousandth of a percent of their total ad impressions. To train the computers, Google is applying machine-learning techniques — the underlying technology for many of its biggest breakthroughs, like the self-driving car. It has also brought in large human teams (it declined to say how big) to review the appropriateness of videos that computers flagged as questionable. Essentially, they are training computers to recognize footage of a woman in a sports bra and leggings doing yoga poses in an exercise video as safe for advertising and not sexually suggestive content. Similarly, they will mark video of a Hollywood action star waving a gun as acceptable to some advertisers, while flagging a similar image involving an Islamic State gunman as inappropriate. Google used a similar approach in the past to create an automated rating system for videos, similar to movie ratings, based on appropriateness of content for specific audiences. But Google is now trying to solve a different problem. “Computers have a much harder time understanding context, and that’s why we’re actually using all of our latest and greatest machine learning abilities now to get a better feel for this,” Schindler said. Armed with human-verified examples of what is safe and what is not, Google’s computer systems break down the images of a YouTube video frame by frame, analyzing every image. They also digest what is being said, the video’s description from the creator, and other signals to detect patterns and identify subtle cues for what makes a video inappropriate. The idea is for machines to eventually make the tough calls. In the instances when brands feel that Google failed to flag an inappropriate video, that example is fed back into the system so it improves over time. Google said it had already flagged five times as many videos as inappropriate for advertising, although it declined to provide absolute numbers on how many videos that entailed. With more than a billion videos on YouTube, 400 hours of new content being uploaded every minute, and 3 million ad-supported channels on the platform, Schindler said it was impossible to guarantee that Google could eradicate the problem completely. He made a comparison to how a car company could not promise that even a new tire would never fail in the first 10,000 miles. “No system can be 100 percent perfect,” he said. “But we’re working as hard as we can to make it as safe as possible.” Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:00pm Tue 4 April Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Innovation the driver for FMCG growth By Janetta Mackay 4:00 PM Monday Apr 3, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Retail Trade Retailing Antoine Brun, managing director Procter & Gamble Australia and New Zealand. Photo / Supplied Sales growth in supermarkets depends on improving shopper experiences and growing categories, says the new managing director of Procter & Gamble New Zealand and Australia, Antoine Brun. Price competition alone will not deliver lasting results, he says. "If you don't bring innovation to the market you don't get sustainable growth." Adding promotions simply saw the competition do the same, whereas driving category growth involved convincing customers to spend more and delivering something they wanted to re-purchase. The FMCG industry spoke too much about price only, he maintained. Retailers, distributors and brands needed to work together, with a more "consumer-centric" focus. Shoppers expected efficient, uncluttered and more experiential offerings if they were not to take their dollar elsewhere. "Retailers here have strong positions, but it is just a matter of time before others arrive," he told the Herald. The P&G veteran moved to Sydney from Europe four months ago and spent last week familiarising himself with the company's $100 million New Zealand business. The set-up here differs markedly from Australia, where the once cosy landscape dominated by rival supermarket companies has been disrupted by the arrival of cost-cutters Aldi from Europe and Costco from the United States and the strong presence of discount pharmacy chains Priceline and Chemist Warehouse. Online incursions are another issue, with Brun saying brands needed to ensure they were well represented across all channels. Within the supermarket sector, it was vital to better align media, in-store and online promotions to maximise their impact. Brun said New Zealand shoppers were sophisticated, with strong environmental awareness, as expressed in an interest in naturals. Supermarkets which recognised these trends would merchandise accordingly. The days of brands claiming blocks of shelf space for a big range of their products, were counter-productive to delivering what consumers wanted, being the convenience of shopping by categories, with, for instance, all natural shampoos grouped together for ease of selection. Continued below. Related Content Tesla passes Ford by market cap before Musk delivers Model 3 Celebrity chef George Calombaris 'devastated' by $2.6 million wages bungle Watch: John Key farewell interview Other lifestyle trends seeing a shift in sales patterns, included the casualisation of men's grooming. Shavers were now supplemented with trimmers, for the many men who sported second-day or beyond beard growth. Encouraging an up-sell, from say a basic razor, could be done with smart shelf displays. These would increasingly include "lift and learn" technology, where an explanatory video would be triggered when a customer picked up an item. Devices that gave a quick read of skin or hair type to help with product choice were also being trialled overseas. A new Oral B electronic toothbrush the company is launching here, included connections that allowed for easy charging via smart devices. A phone-docking station provided bathroom multi-tasking. "Consumers in New Zealand deserve the best innovation and they are ready for it and if we don't bring it, we shouldn't be surprised if they look elsewhere. "We need to get out of that thinking that a small market doesn't deserve." Brun says investment here is justified because while the New Zealand market is small, research shows strong growth potential in per capita spend. After decades of presence, with brands including Gilette, Vicks, Olay, Ambi-Pur, Braun, Head & Shoulders and Pantene, P&G had decided 18 months ago to step up its investment here, he said. Media spend had been doubled, mostly in television, and it had also brought in a new partner distributor, Diplomat NZ. This supply-chain specialist out of Israel, would bring a greater focus and long-term commitment to the local market, than having distribution overseen in-house, by corporate appointees who were often shifted to new roles internationally. Diplomat had 35 staff here already and a mission to work closely with retailers. P&G was planning to use it to bring in new categories and expand existing ranges. With sales currently fairly flat - showing growth around 1 per cent across most categories - driving change was key to success. Early results from a focus on delivering greener Herbal Essence shampoos had been good, said Brun. Tightly controlling inventory and supply were other essentials. Real-time digital reporting of stock on shelf was an exploratory technology that could offer much. As with all innovation, the costs had to be weighed against the benefits. Brun said P&G was committed to a high global research and development spend, because it believed innovation was the way forward. Internationally online sales now accounted for over half of P&G's total business, he said, providing connections to new consumers. But Brun isn't one if those predicting the end to bricks and mortar retailing. He reckons the psychology of shopping is such that consumers will still go into stores - if the environment is right. "Shopping is also a pleasure, an experience, but customers want to find what they want anywhere, any time." The right products, good availability and well positioned was what would woo buyers. "In the future people won't care so much if it's a supermarket or a gasoline station or online." The FMCG industry had to adapt to changing consumer demands. "I love that it's so fast moving," he says of the sector he has worked in for 22 years. The Frenchman, who came to management from a sales background, is relishing being Downunder. His last posting was in Georgia. Getting to grips with country differences, ranging from the concentrated trade landscape of Australia to the less developed market here, is part of the job. One bottom line remains: "We need to win everywhere." - NZ Herald Read more by Janetta Mackay Email Janetta Mackay Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate No consequences for youth offenders: Peters No consequences for youth offenders, Winston Peters says Hawke's Bay Today House building boom in Bay Hawke's Bay building industry is booming. Bay of Plenty Times Your view: Letters to the editor Readers share their views on the week's news in letters to the editor. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Hyundai Motorsport target tarmac glory at WRC Tour de Corse “I am determined that Corsica will be the real start of my 2017 season”.... Viva Where to go: Bedford Soda and Liquor, Takapuna Ponsonby Central favourite Bedford Soda and Liquor has expanded to Takapuna True Commercial City office floor for lease in Wellington An entire office floor in a prime location in Wellington is available for lease. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 04 Apr 2017 19:05:42 Processing Time: 86ms
TUE, APR 04, 2017 | 5 °C Light rain Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 2 hours ago Tories, NDP challenge Liberals in Ontario Voters in five federal ridings select new MPs in byelections today Latest News SEE MORE Five Things: Monday's federal byelections Liberals win Saint-Laurent riding byelection No seats change hands in byelections, but Tories, NDP come on strong in Ontario Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 8 hours ago Dyson is the Apple of appliances (and just as secretive) When Michael Aldred joined the British home electronics maker Dyson two... Latest Business News SEE MORE Bombardier pay puts Liberals in cross hairs SNC-Lavalin in talks about possible takeover of WS Atkins for $3.5 billion Air Miles to resume in-store cash miles redemptions but with lower limits Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 1 hour ago Redemption: Tar Heels take title over Gonzaga in ugly game Redemption: Tar Heels take NCAA title, 71-65, over Gonzaga Latest Sports News SEE MORE Khris Davis homers twice as Athletics open by beating Angels Scores and Schedule Monday's Games Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 3 hours ago Pierce Brosnan on a lifetime of challenges and heartbreak It’s hard to believe, but the man we know as the dashing James Bond once... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Talk TV Harrison Ford happy with FAA decision Nicki Minaj: Fame's tough Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 3 hours ago Donald Trump plans more than a tweak for NAFTA: Walkom But how far the U.S. president intends to go still remains unclear and he... Cartoon-Feb. 9 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Crowdfunding Canada 150 Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness 13 hours ago Toronto doctors identify new disease in children Toronto doctors identify new disease in children caused by defective gene Latest Stories SEE MORE File before April 30, or the taxman cometh Colorado veterinarians 'invite' rescue kittens to wedding Circle tour offers Superior travel experience Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 3 hours ago Onion corn bread leaves lasting memory Last summer, I travelled to Wooster, Ohio, for a barbecue summit at the... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Her objective for you: Fewer objects 18 ways to help your kids fall in love with reading Tuesday, April 4: Your daily horoscope Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 56% at Gino's Pizza discount: 56% | value: $22.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days JDI Cleaning Systems Inc. Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 56% at Gino's Pizza discount: 56% | value: $22.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Same great practice but new location for local chiropractic clinic Home News Business Dyson is the Apple of appliances (and just as... | 8 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Dyson is the Apple of appliances (and just as secretive) James Dyson Lauren Fleishman,New York Times Dyson founder James Dyson is photographyed in a lab at the company's headquarters in Malmesbury, England. Dyson lab Lauren Fleischman,New York Times The hair science research lab is shown at Dyson headquarters in Malmesbury, England. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Mark Scott MALMESBURY, England — When Michael Aldred joined the British home electronics maker Dyson two decades ago, he had a simple goal: to quickly build a robotic vacuum cleaner. But Aldred and his team kept running into roadblocks. Their first attempt, unveiled in 2001, was too clunky for James Dyson, the company's founder. The next prototype involved creating a computer vision system that would allow the machine to skirt independently around furniture; it took more than a decade to perfect. As smartphones became everyday tools, Dyson's robotics team again had to rethink the vacuum cleaner, adding Internet connectivity so the machine could send notifications — with a heat map of where it had cleaned — to a mobile device. After a nearly 20-year odyssey, the robot cleaner, priced at an eye-watering $1,000, finally hit stores worldwide last year. "At times, I really asked myself what I had signed up for," Aldred said in an interview at Dyson's rural headquarters near the border with Wales. "But James Dyson always told us to focus on the product. Everything else would follow." Not many consumer electronics brands would spend almost two decades — and tens of millions of dollars — building a vacuum cleaner that retails for more than a mid-range laptop. But combining an almost obsessive eye for design and engineering, the privately held Dyson has cornered the nonglamorous market of high-end vacuum cleaners, lights and hair dryers — and in the process bucked the technology truism that companies rarely make money in the difficult arena of hardware. Even as other hardware brands like Samsung, smartwatch maker Fitbit and camera designer GoPro have struggled with physical products because of low-priced copycats and thin profit margins, Dyson has shown an uncanny ability to mint money. Its latest robot cleaner, which is selling briskly, exemplifies that and puts Dyson in rarefied company alongside Apple as one of the few tech companies worldwide to consistently profit from consumer gadgets. "It is extremely difficult to make money if you're not in the premium segment of the market," said Tim Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies, a tech consulting firm. "That's what Apple and Dyson have done well — being best in breed for technology and industrial design." Dyson said its pre-tax profits rose 41 per cent last year to 631 million pounds ($785 million), while revenue rose 45 per cent to 2.5 billion pounds. Dyson, 69, who founded the company in 1992, is worth about five billion pounds. The company, with 8,500 employees split mostly between Britain and a factory in Malaysia, is growing rapidly in China, where the country's emerging middle class remains eager to spend on designer goods, including expensive vacuum cleaners. "Asia is a huge growth area for us," said Max Conze, Dyson's chief executive, who joined from Procter & Gamble in 2010. "Five years ago, 85 per cent of what we sold was corded vacuum cleaners. Now, more than 80 per cent comes from new products." Dyson is indeed moving beyond vacuum cleaners, hair dryers and air purifiers. The company said it would spend more than $2 billion on battery technology, machine learning and other high-tech wizardry to create new products, many of which remain under wraps behind tight security at its headquarters. The developments may include an electric car. Dyson bought a U.S. battery startup in 2015, secured a hefty British government grant last year to develop the vehicle concept and hired executives from Tesla and Aston Martin. Dyson officials deny that they are making an electric car. "We're still heading into new areas where companies are well established," said Jake Dyson, 44, the founder's elder son, who rejoined the company in 2015 and is the most likely successor to his father. "We're not afraid to try and beat them." As with any company synonymous with James Dyson, it is often hard to separate Dyson the man from Dyson the brand. Tall, bookish and with a penchant for designer glasses, Dyson trained as an industrial engineer and dabbled in building things like boats and wheelbarrows before settling on vacuum cleaners by the late 1970s. Frustrated with how his machine worked, Dyson reused technology that mirrored how a cyclone forcefully sucked wind from its surroundings, eventually spending 15 years — and building more than 5,000 prototypes — before releasing his first vacuum cleaner in 1993. He initially licensed the designs to companies in the United States and Japan, but eventually decided to build the machines himself. "When we launched it, we were slightly terrified," said Dyson, who had mortgaged his home and used his life savings to fund the project. "I'm not a businessman. I didn't start a business, I started with an idea." His professorial look, complete with cut-glass English accent, belies Dyson's ruthlessness. When competitors like Hoover and Samsung copied his ideas after his vacuum cleaner hit the market, the entrepreneur fought, and won, costly patent lawsuits, and instilled an "us versus them" attitude that still permeates the company. At Dyson's headquarters — chosen for its proximity to Dyson's original workshop — employees remain tight-lipped, even among themselves, about their projects. During a tour of the company's facilities, prototypes were covered in tarps while large areas of the open-plan offices were off limits. Photographs of engineers' computer screens were prohibited, and machinery in some of the research labs was obscured with black trash bags. "It's a little like a brainwashing atmosphere," said Mario Cosci, an electronic engineer who joined Dyson six years ago. "When you work every day with people who are driven, you can't swim against it." Not everything Dyson has tried has turned to gold. In 2000, the company released a washing machine that was priced at double the cost of rival products. Despite positive reviews, Dyson pulled the plug five years later after failing to turn the machine into a profitable business. Now, the original washing machine prototype stands unloved in a corridor in one of Dyson's research buildings. At many publicly listed companies, such a failure might have cost people their jobs. But at Dyson, where 14.5 per cent of annual revenue is earmarked for research and development, engineers took the mistake in stride and began diversifying into other products. For Steve Courtney, head of Dyson's new products unit, that included moving into cordless vacuum cleaners in 2005, even though analysts said the machines would hurt sales of the company's corded products. It also meant releasing bladeless fans four years later that borrowed heavily from Dyson's vacuum technology — the product range was later extended to internet-connected air purifiers. And when the company began selling $400 hair dryers last year, its mostly male engineering team not only learned to professionally blow-dry hair to understand how rival products worked, but also again copied the battery, motor and fan technology from Dyson's existing products. "We may go through a lot of pain and it may take a lot of time, but then we can transfer what we develop into something completely new," Courtney said. "We need big new areas, new markets." New York Times | Latest News Local Jurors in long murder trial staged ‘small mutiny’ Snapshot Local ‘I’ve been beaten and my wife’s been shot,’ accused told 911 operator Clark Sauve called 911 to report two intruders at 2:45 a.m. “I’ve been beaten and I think my wife’s... Snapshot Local Stranger kisses baby in stroller in Kitchener park Snapshot News Police seize $75,000 worth of fentanyl in Galt drug bust Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos News St. Patrick's Day on Ezra Avenue News Shooting ArtsEntertainment PHOTOS: Grammy Awards red carpet Video Re-Enactment Video The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Stranger kisses baby in stroller in Kitchener park Sweet weather, sour delight at Elmira syrup festival Killer fired as victim’s son watched Bridge budget rising in Cambridge Buses will run on Monday in Waterloo Region In Your Neighbourhood Today How much of your investment returns do you really keep? How much of your investment returns do you really keep? Here's why every investor needs to know... Meet the new owners of Good Boys Duct Cleaning Services Kevin and Chantelle Wilson are pleased to introduce themselves as the new owners of Good Boys Duct... Satisfy your crowd with catering from Verona Pizza & Grill Verona Pizza & Grill in Kitchener offers you a variety of tasty choices from among not only their... New home windows have a narrow window of time before needing to be replaced Windows — they're sometimes the last components that are considered for a home improvement project,... When there's no time to cook, Your Village Market has you covered Let Your Village Market in Cambridge help make your next meal easy and delicious. They'll do the... Add video surveillance and two-way communication to your security system Your home or business may already be equipped with an alarm system, but for enhanced protection,... Put your home's comfort level to the test with an online audit You've probably heard the term "home energy audit" many times, but what exactly does it mean? If... What to look for when choosing an RV unit Sauder’s Camping and Truck Accessories in St. Jacob’s, Ontario, is a family-owned business into its... Extended Day Programs in Waterloo region educate and enrich young learners Parents and students alike will be pleased to learn about the Extended Day Programs being offered... Unique gourmet pizza at Kitchener’s Verona Pizza When you’re looking for something outside of the standard toppings, Verona Pizza & Grill in... Hallman Ironworks: Where their hearts are as big as their talent At Hallman Ironworks in Kitchener, they not only have amazing handcrafted wrought iron pieces for... There’s nothing Becker Bros. can’t tow If it needs a tow, you need to call Becker Bros. Towing of Kitchener. No matter whether it’s a... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... Get game: Home billiard tables and more for your family game room Associated Bowling & Billiards in Guelph has been helping generations of satisfied customers with... Bedroom designs that are trending in 2017 When moving into a rental unit you might feel limited in terms of what you can do to your bedroom... Reliable limousine service ensures your wedding goes off without a hitch Boulevard Limousine in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, is into its third decade of offering the area a... Auto recycling that makes customers and the earth happy When it's time to take your beloved vehicle out of service, it doesn't mean it's the end of the... Work because you want to, not because you have to Isn’t that the dream? Well, it’s totally possible and Jonathan Chevreau will show you how. CFO of... High-tech cars require high-tech mechanics Morrison Automotive in Cambridge has been providing expert automotive services to customers in the... Boulevard Limousine covers all of your business transportation needs If you are in the corporate or business world, you know that time is money, so Kitchener-Waterloo’s... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Up to 50% off Food and Drink Show Tickets $7 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal Up to 50% off Admission to the KW Pet Expo $6 View Deal 65% off Ground Turkey $25 View Deal 54% off New York Hand-Cut AA/AAA Striploin Steaks $80 View Deal 56% off Ground Bison $35 View Deal 60% off a Furnace Maintenance Package $59 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Holt Renfrew shakes things up amid increased competition Bombardier pay puts Liberals in cross hairs SNC-Lavalin in talks about possible takeover of WS Atkins for $3.5 billion Air Miles to resume in-store cash miles redemptions but with lower limits File before April 30, or the taxman cometh PreviousNext Bombardier pay puts Liberals in cross hairs Holt Renfrew shakes things up amid increased competition The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Ben & Jerry’s Celebrates Free Cone Day on April 4 From the Wrestling Ring to an Engagement Ring: See the Net Worths of John Cena and Nikki Bella 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market Bet You Didn’t Know Your FSA Can Cover These 7 Things Why You Need an HSA 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes Here’s How Often CD Rates Change 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News How to Cash Savings Bonds 9 FinTech Startups to Watch in 2017 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News Answers to Your Top 6 Social Security Questions How Social Security Disability Benefits Work 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts How to Close a Checking Account for Free Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News How to Cash a Check Wells Fargo’s Cardless ATMs Continue Shift in Traditional Banking 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips Debit and Credit Card Fraud Soars 70% Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Saving Money > Best Deals and Freebies > Businesses Offering Discounts on Equal Pay Day Businesses Offering Discounts on Equal Pay DayFind out why hundreds of businesses are offering 20 percent off on everyday purchases on April 4. By GOBankingRates Staff | April 3, 2017   April 4 marks Equal Pay Day in America and a new campaign launched by Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg is aimed at closing the wage gap for women. American women — who make up 47.4 percent of the U.S. labor force — are paid 20 percent less than men on average. Black and Hispanic women are paid even less at 37 percent and 46 percent, respectively. Additionally, the wage gap widens with higher education levels, according to Sandberg. The #20PercentCounts campaign, spearheaded by the Facebook COO’s LeanIn.org, offers 20 percent discounts or special deals at more than 300 local businesses across the country. National business partners include Lyft, LUNA, Salesforce and Procter & Gamble, according to the website. The idea behind it is that if a woman makes 20 percent less than a man, she should have to pay 20 percent less. The discounts are open to all. The campaign was first launched in Washington, D.C. in 2013, however, 2017 marks the first year of the nationwide effort. Sandberg says she hopes the movement will cause more companies to close the wage gap and possibly even spark legislation. Read: The 10 Biggest Career Mistakes Women Make According to statics on LeanIn.org, if the gender pay gap was closed:       The U.S. workforce would add $513 billion in new income annually.       The average Hispanic woman would earn $1 million more over the course of her career.       Black women, on average, could afford 14 additional months of mortgage payments.       The average woman could afford 78 more weeks of food for her family.       More than 3 million working women and their families would not be in poverty. In March, Iceland became the first country to officially require gender pay equality. The new Icelandic law requires public and private companies with more than 25 employees to prove they are paying all employees equally “regardless of their gender, ethnicity, sexuality, or nationality.” Up Next: The Highest Paying Jobs for Women Share x Open a New Bank Account Check Out the Next Article These Are the Receipts to Keep for Doing Your Taxes Find out which receipts you should be keeping for tax purposes — and for how long. Related Articles 7 Paycheck Laws Your Boss Could Be Breaking Survival Tips If You’re Living Paycheck to Paycheck How Much Money Gets Taken Out of Paychecks in Every State So You Blew Your Paycheck — Now What? People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. SOFI: Terms and Conditions Apply. SOFI RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE PRODUCTS AND BENEFITS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. To qualify, a borrower must be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident in an eligible state and meet SoFi's underwriting requirements. Not all borrowers receive the lowest rate. To qualify for the lowest rate, you must have a responsible financial history and meet other conditions. If approved, your actual rate will be within the range of rates listed above and will depend on a variety of factors, including term of loan, a responsible financial history, years of experience, income and other factors. Rates and Terms are subject to change at anytime without notice and are subject to state restrictions. SoFi refinance loans are private loans and do not have the same repayment options that the federal loan program offers such as Income Based Repayment or Income Contingent Repayment or PAYE. Licensed by the Department of Business Oversight under the California Finance Lender Law License No. 6054612. SoFi loans are originated by SoFi Lending Corp., NMLS # 1121636. (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org) Fixed rates from 3.375% APR to 6.740% APR (with AutoPay). Variable rates from 2.365% APR to 6.290% APR (with AutoPay). Interest rates on variable rate loans are capped at either 8.95% or 9.95% depending on term of loan. See APR examples and terms. Lowest variable rate of 2.365% APR assumes current 1 month LIBOR rate of 0.79% plus 1.825% margin minus 0.25% ACH discount. Not all borrowers receive the lowest rate. If approved for a loan, the fixed or variable interest rate offered will depend on your creditworthiness, and the term of the loan and other factors, and will be within the ranges of rates listed above. For the SoFi variable rate loan, the 1-month LIBOR index will adjust monthly and the loan payment will be re-amortized and may change monthly. APRs for variable rate loans may increase after origination if the LIBOR index increases. The SoFi 0.25% AutoPay interest rate reduction requires you to agree to make monthly principal and interest payments by an automatic monthly deduction from a savings or checking account. The benefit will discontinue and be lost for periods in which you do not pay by automatic deduction from a savings or checking account. *To check the rates and terms you qualify for, SoFi conducts a soft credit inquiry. Unlike hard credit inquiries, soft credit inquiries (or soft credit pulls) do not impact your credit score. Soft credit inquiries allow SoFi to show you what rates and terms SoFi can offer you up front. After seeing your rates, if you choose a product and continue your application, we will request your full credit report from one or more consumer reporting agencies, which is considered a hard credit inquiry. Hard credit inquiries (or hard credit pulls) are required for SoFi to be able to issue you a loan. In addition to requiring your explicit permission, these credit pulls may impact your credit score.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Europe Cosmeceutical Market Outlook 2022 NEW YORK, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Cosmeceutical industry has revolutionised revolutionized the cosmetic and personal care industry owing to the ability of its products that resolves imperfection. Rising consumer consciousness on the appearance among European populace has led to astonishing growth of the industry. Further, growing popularity of cosmeceutical products, especially in skin care segment, has gained momentum in the European countries namely UK, Germany, France, etc. With varied application of the products and rising consumer awareness on its benefit, the European cosmeceutical industry is forecasted to grow at a CAGR of 6% during the period of 2016-2022. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04699253/Europe-Cosmeceutical-Market-Outlook.html The latest research report titled, „Europe Cosmeceutical Market Outlook 2022” portrays current and future scenario of the cosmeceutical industry in Europe responsible for industry’s growth. Further, the rise in technological innovations and continuous launch of new products by players namely Procter & Gamble, Johnson & Johnson, etc. has contributed significantly in the development of its overall market. Moreover, it provides the key analysis and market estimation of its industry segment, such as skin care, hair care, injectables, etc. Skin care is the dominant segment, followed by the hair care and injectables. Attributed to rising desire of youthful skin among age group of 35 and above, the anti aging market held largest share. Further, the hair care market is also likely to grow owing to incessant product launch of its products catering to the issues such as hair fall, anti dandruff, etc. The report also highlights the forecast of the industry in European countries namely Germany, UK, France, Spain, and Italy. The challenges witnessed by the cosmeceutical industry and its players have also been highlighted, in order to build better understanding of the industry. With a view to provide a balanced outlook, the report covers competitive landscape that includes company profiling of major players like Procter and Gamble, L’oreal, Avon, Shiseido, Johnson and Johnson, Estee Lauder, Beiersdorf and Merz Pharma. It provides insight on business overview, key financials, etc. Overall, the research provides comprehensive and pre-requisite information of the industry to the clients, and helps understand the market along with the structure and growth in the coming years. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04699253/Europe-Cosmeceutical-Market-Outlook.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/europe-cosmeceutical-market-outlook-2022-300433636.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Whey Protein Ingredients: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021) Next PostNext Synthetic Lubricants Market: Strategies, Comparison, Challenges and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Puerto Rico Takes Top Spots at 2017 Human Exploration Rover Challenge Manulife Asset Management Shares Investment Insights in „Global Intelligence Interim Outlook: Spring 2017” RISI’s Latin American Conference Opens Registration to Welcome the Forest Product Industry SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Galena Biopharma, Inc. To Contact The Firm What Do You Know About Your Right To Counsel? Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Europe Cosmeceutical Market Outlook 2022 News provided by Reportlinker Apr 03, 2017, 15:33 ET Share this article NEW YORK, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cosmeceutical industry has revolutionised revolutionized the cosmetic and personal care industry owing to the ability of its products that resolves imperfection. Rising consumer consciousness on the appearance among European populace has led to astonishing growth of the industry. Further, growing popularity of cosmeceutical products, especially in skin care segment, has gained momentum in the European countries namely UK, Germany, France, etc. With varied application of the products and rising consumer awareness on its benefit, the European cosmeceutical industry is forecasted to grow at a CAGR of 6% during the period of 2016-2022. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04699253/Europe-Cosmeceutical-Market-Outlook.html The latest research report titled, "Europe Cosmeceutical Market Outlook 2022" portrays current and future scenario of the cosmeceutical industry in Europe responsible for industry's growth. Further, the rise in technological innovations and continuous launch of new products by players namely Procter & Gamble, Johnson & Johnson, etc. has contributed significantly in the development of its overall market. Moreover, it provides the key analysis and market estimation of its industry segment, such as skin care, hair care, injectables, etc. Skin care is the dominant segment, followed by the hair care and injectables. Attributed to rising desire of youthful skin among age group of 35 and above, the anti aging market held largest share. Further, the hair care market is also likely to grow owing to incessant product launch of its products catering to the issues such as hair fall, anti dandruff, etc. The report also highlights the forecast of the industry in European countries namely Germany, UK, France, Spain, and Italy. The challenges witnessed by the cosmeceutical industry and its players have also been highlighted, in order to build better understanding of the industry. With a view to provide a balanced outlook, the report covers competitive landscape that includes company profiling of major players like Procter and Gamble, L'oreal, Avon, Shiseido, Johnson and Johnson, Estee Lauder, Beiersdorf and Merz Pharma. It provides insight on business overview, key financials, etc. Overall, the research provides comprehensive and pre-requisite information of the industry to the clients, and helps understand the market along with the structure and growth in the coming years. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04699253/Europe-Cosmeceutical-Market-Outlook.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/europe-cosmeceutical-market-outlook-2022-300433636.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Apr 03, 2017, 15:36 ET Preview: Biometrics Technology Market Analysis By Application (Face, Hand Geometry, Voice, Signature, Iris, AFIS, Non-AFIS), By End-Use (Government, Banking & Finance, Consumer Electronics, Healthcare, Defense & Security), By Region, And Segment Forecasts, 2 Apr 03, 2017, 15:32 ET Preview: Consumer Payments Country Snapshot: Singapore 2016 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 03, 2017, 18:34 ETFrozen Soup (Soups) Market in North America - Outlook to 2020:... Apr 03, 2017, 18:32 ETGlobal Pharmaceutical Packaging Market Analysis & Trends -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Europe Cosmeceutical Market Outlook 2022 News provided by Reportlinker Apr 03, 2017, 15:33 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Europe Cosmeceutical Market Outlook 2022 By Published: Apr 3, 2017 3:33 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cosmeceutical industry has revolutionised revolutionized the cosmetic and personal care industry owing to the ability of its products that resolves imperfection. Rising consumer consciousness on the appearance among European populace has led to astonishing growth of the industry. Further, growing popularity of cosmeceutical products, especially in skin care segment, has gained momentum in the European countries namely UK, Germany, France, etc. With varied application of the products and rising consumer awareness on its benefit, the European cosmeceutical industry is forecasted to grow at a CAGR of 6% during the period of 2016-2022. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04699253/Europe-Cosmeceutical-Market-Outlook.html The latest research report titled, "Europe Cosmeceutical Market Outlook 2022" portrays current and future scenario of the cosmeceutical industry in Europe responsible for industry's growth. Further, the rise in technological innovations and continuous launch of new products by players namely Procter & Gamble, Johnson & Johnson, etc. has contributed significantly in the development of its overall market. Moreover, it provides the key analysis and market estimation of its industry segment, such as skin care, hair care, injectables, etc. Skin care is the dominant segment, followed by the hair care and injectables. Attributed to rising desire of youthful skin among age group of 35 and above, the anti aging market held largest share. Further, the hair care market is also likely to grow owing to incessant product launch of its products catering to the issues such as hair fall, anti dandruff, etc. The report also highlights the forecast of the industry in European countries namely Germany, UK, France, Spain, and Italy. The challenges witnessed by the cosmeceutical industry and its players have also been highlighted, in order to build better understanding of the industry. With a view to provide a balanced outlook, the report covers competitive landscape that includes company profiling of major players like Procter and Gamble, L'oreal, Avon, Shiseido, Johnson and Johnson, Estee Lauder, Beiersdorf and Merz Pharma. It provides insight on business overview, key financials, etc. Overall, the research provides comprehensive and pre-requisite information of the industry to the clients, and helps understand the market along with the structure and growth in the coming years. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04699253/Europe-Cosmeceutical-Market-Outlook.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/europe-cosmeceutical-market-outlook-2022-300433636.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Bangladesh Special Report Cookbook Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy CurrentRequestUnmodified: /article/20170403/ARTICLE/170409760 macro_action: , macro_profile: 1036, macro_adspot: Local Business CurrentRequestUnmodified: /article/20170403/ARTICLE/170409760 macro_action: , macro_profile: 1036, macro_adspot: Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Business > Local Business Healthy snacks: Let's bite the bullet Sandhya D'Mello /Dubai Filed on April 3, 2017 Share More > Vote (Supplied photo) All of us like to munch and one man has actually made that into his business by launching munchbox. Mahmoud Adham, founder, munchbox, - Egyptian/Belgian national - who relocated to Dubai from Belgium for two months and noticed a weight gain of 6kg in that period. This made him so conscious that it became the need of the hour to come up with something that kept him snacking and yet controlled those bulging calories. "I am very careful with my meals, but it's the snacking at my desk that was the culprit. After shedding the weight with a lot of sweat and tears, I had a "never again" moment, so I started preparing my own snacks and taking them to the office. Realising that it was too much of a hassle, I looked for a company that only delivers snacks, and to my surprise there were none! So I sold my house, gathered my life savings and started munchbox in August 2014," said Adham, who is a mechanical engineer. In just about two and half years, munchbox has grown from a one man company to a 14 person team, present in 255 outlets across the UAE and 50 more outlets in Qatar. This is in addition to its long list of corporate customers and online clients. Adham said: "The problem we are solving is that of busy health conscious professionals who work long hours and cannot spare the time or effort to cater for their healthy snacking needs." The startup capital for the firm was initially raised from Adham's life savings and contributions from friends and family. "We had a series A equity fund raise of $300,000 last May and are targeting another round late this year to support our regional expansion plans. Our investors are Prime Venture Partners," said Adham who worked for Procter & Gamble in Egypt, Nigeria, and Belgium for 11 years as a regional engineering manager and then joined a multinational confectionary manufacturer in Dubai for three years managing engineering and production. "The problem munchbox solves for the people of the GCC is one that we all struggle with: weight loss. The Mena market is 381 million people, 50 per cent of which are trying to lose weight. 68 pr cent of them are doing so by changing their diet. Many companies out there are tackling the three meals, but very few are helping solve the potentially bigger snacking challenges we all face. These facts, combined with the passion, the many years of blue chip experience we saw in the team and the uniqueness of the product, made it an immediate winner. Aside from the hard numbers, on which munchbox has delivered, one thing we are particularly proud of is that munchbox is a Dubai born and made brand. It is very rare that we find a locally developed and made FMCG brand that is going regional with zero support from abroad. Especially in the startup arena. The investment committee of prime venture partners is very excited about the new unique line up of healthy snacks that munchbox is launching in the region, and the supply base capabilities that the team is working on. 2017 will be the munchbox year," said Prime Venture Partners - Munchbox investor - in a statement issued to Khaleej Times. Munchbox does boast of being the only company specialising in healthy snacks online delivery in the region. The company recently launched a new line of protein pebbles and energy balls and the research and development team is continuously working on a mouth watering line up of healthy munchies to be released over the course of the year. "On the retail front we have signed up a few major players in the convenience store arena which will boost our presence on the shelf across the UAE. As for regional expansion, we will be in Saudi and Bahrain in the third quarter of this year, and the rest of the GCC early next year. As for the UAE market, we are extremely optimistic. Next to our retail business channel, We have solid plans to develop our corporate presence as well as our rapidly growing online delivery services," concludes Adham. Equally optimistic Fouad Bounasr one of the first employee of munchbox, who joined the firm in the end of 2015. "It was an exciting prospect for me, seeing a huge potential and scalability in this business. Having packed a few years of sales experience at one of the top global FMCG companies, I was determined to join Mahmoud to make munchbox a regional success story.To me, Munchbox is more than a product or a brand; It is a unique snacking concept. We are solving a problem for consumers - we aim to improve people's eating habits through providing them with the needed nutrition & energy levels throughout the day, in the most convenient way possible. We started purely as an online subscription model in 2014 and have expanded into the retail and HORECA sector (Horeca is an abbreviation used in Europe for the sector of the food industry that consists of establishments which prepare and serve food and beverages), after receiving a high demand from outlets to stock our products. We are now available across hundreds of retail locations in the UAE and Qatar." Bousnar further informs that the firm managed to open five routes to market successfully in a period of few months and now plan to roll out the same model across the region as they are currently in talks with major food distributors. "People do want healthy snacks; with society in large becoming more health conscious, the business of healthy snacking is booming in the UAE. Yet, it is also important to provide exciting new snacks for people to munch on. Sitting on your office all day long, you want to snack on something which will elevate your energy levels and keep your tastebuds on their toes if so to speak. Our R&D team is currently focusing on coming up with new snacks exclusively for munchbox," adds Bousnar. The company has witnessed a 300 per cent growth in retail sales between 2015 and 2016 and projects double digit growth ongoingly for the next five years. - sandhya@khaleejtimes.com Sandhya D'Mello Journalist. Period. My interests are Economics, Finance and Information Technology. Prior to joining Khaleej Times, I have worked with some leading publications in India, including the Economic Times. Share More > Vote MORE FROM Business Real Estate Resident alert: Dubai set to get new rental law The law will replace the current rental regulation. READ MORE Technology UAE's auto drive: All hands on deck Technology has transformed many traditional businesses already, and... READ MORE Local Business How can UAE SMEs future-proof their business for... SME businesses should use the lead in time wisely to prepare for the... READ MORE Local Business VAT on SMEs: In small doses Various tax consultants are working to assist companies to welcome... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Real Estate Resident alert: Dubai set to get new rental law The law will replace the current rental regulation. READ MORE Government UAE leaders condemn St. Petersburg subway blasts "Crimes targeting civilians, and the populated areas in which they... READ MORE Dubai Break these Dubai rules and pay up to Dh100,000... Thanks to the round-the-clock service of the Dubai Municipality, the... READ MORE Offbeat Video: Angry Jeep driver pushes wrongly parked BMW This is how he decided to teach them 'parking etiquettes'. READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /article/20170403/ARTICLE/170409760 macro_action: listing, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Dubai New to UAE? Avoid doing these things 105269 views | 31 March 2017 Dubai 11 things Indians must never do in Dubai 78406 views | 3 April 2017 Dubai Fountain Views Dubai fire put out, trapped workers rescued 65111 views | 2 April 2017 Aviation Emirates' world's largest plane to have pool, park? 60101 views | 1 April 2017 Gold/Forex Sending money from the UAE? Here's how VAT could affect you 50205 views | 1 April 2017 Health Dh500 fine for Dubai residents who fail to do this 38464 views | 1 April 2017 Americas US is resuming H1-B visa this Monday 32595 views | 2 April 2017 General April Fool's Day 2017: The best of fake news 26340 views | 1 April 2017 India Electrician kidnaps 3-month-old baby, rapes her 26011 views | 2 April 2017 General Enjoy this new privilege on your Emirates ID card 23775 views | 2 April 2017 Nation Does your company refuse to bear Emirates ID costs? 21156 views | 2 April 2017 Aviation Random 'explosive' screenings on Australia flights from UAE 17351 views | 2 April 2017 General 'Smart beggars' exploit UAE's Year of Giving 16358 views | 31 March 2017 Crime UAE woman gives birth out of wedlock, throws child in trash 16178 views | 3 April 2017 Government Video: Sheikh Mohamed visits children injured in Fujairah knife attack 15764 views | 2 April 2017 Retail Dubai's massive sale begins with up to 80% discounts 564 votes | 30 March 2017 Dubai Emirates plane collides with another aircraft in Singapore 288 votes | 30 March 2017 Nation This UAE restaurant is giving away pizzas for only Dh10 231 votes | 27 March 2017 Dubai Indians to get visa on arrival in UAE, on this condition 164 votes | 29 March 2017 Offbeat Man fails driving test 32 times, gets licence after 25 years 162 votes | 27 March 2017 Health Dh500 fine for Dubai residents who fail to do this 155 votes | 1 April 2017 Fujairah Funeral prayers held for Fujairah Deputy Ruler, 3-day mourning declared 151 votes | 30 March 2017 Dubai Fountain Views Dubai fire put out, trapped workers rescued 136 votes | 2 April 2017 Dubai Can this upcoming skyscraper beat the Burj Khalifa? 135 votes | 27 March 2017 Crime UAE man gets 15 years in jail for killing wife 125 votes | 30 March 2017 Dubai New to UAE? Avoid doing these things 113 votes | 31 March 2017 Crime Detained stunt driver first to get community service in Abu Dhabi 111 votes | 27 March 2017 Nation Gitex Shopper: Killer deals on iPhone 7, laptops, TVs... 100 votes | 28 March 2017 General Dubai to have tower dangling in the air from space? 100 votes | 28 March 2017 Abu Dhabi Ferrari World Abu Dhabi opens its latest rollercoaster 97 votes | 30 March 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Mobile Industrial Robots Launches New MiR200 More Powerful Autonomous Mobile Robot that Supports Easier Programming and Flexible Deployment for Faster ROI CHICAGO & ODENSE, Denmark–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Mobile Industrial Robots, (MiR), a next-generation developer and manufacturer of autonomous mobile robots (AMRs), is launching its newest robot, the MiR200, at Automate 2017 in Chicago today. The MiR200 is a more powerful mobile robot in almost every aspect than the company’s flagship MiR100, which has already been installed in more than 30 countries by companies such as Airbus, Boeing, Flex, Honeywell, Michelin, Procter & Gamble, Toyota and Walmart. MiR’s industry-leading AMRs are a dramatic improvement over legacy automated guided vehicles (AGVs), which require the expensive and inflexible installation of sensors or magnets into factory floors for guidance. MiR products are designed to give owners the flexibility to easily redeploy the robots to different processes or facility layouts to support changing business needs and agile manufacturing processes. With the launch of the MiR200, customers now have even more choices in how to effectively, quickly and cost-effectively automate their material transportation needs. “Our robots are changing the game for any size business, from small, regional companies to large multinationals,” said MiR CEO Thomas Visti. “With the new interface of the MiR200, it’s even easier for companies to program the robot themselves and adapt its deployment as their business evolves. That’s critical for their competitiveness, and supports extremely fast ROI. The robot typically pays for itself in less than a year, even in very dynamic environments.” MiR200 offers game-changing user interface, performance and ROI The MiR200 updates MiR’s already-intuitive web-based user interface, making programming even easier for users who have no previous experience and allowing for even more optimized implementation. Updates include customizable dashboards, improved mapping, easier creation of robot missions and tasks, multi-level permissions, responsive web design and comprehensive browser support. Integrated help and product documentation provides additional guidance. The powerful MiR200 doubles the payload capacity of the MiR100 to 200kg/440lbs, and offers a MiRHook option for autonomous towing of carts up to 500kg/1102lbs. The robot offers exceptional flexibility for top modules—including racks, shelves, conveyors, lifts or even collaborative robot arms—which can be easily customized and mounted to meet specific application requirements. With its ESD-compliant exterior, the MiR200 is ideal for electronic assembly applications where parts being transported must be protected from electrostatic discharge. MiR robots offer more high-performance sensor technologies than any other mobile robot on the market. Six separate sensor systems feed data to the robot’s real-time navigation and safety algorithms. This enables quick decisions for highly efficient and safe operation of the robot, even in changing situations where people, extension cords, pallets or boxes can create unpredictable obstacles. Full 360-degree scanning allows the robot to safely back up, rather than being limited to forward motion. Additional sensors prevent blindspots by identifying obstacles above the robot, such as a table, and can look ahead and down to identify holes or stairwells, as well as clear obstacles such as glass walls. Visit MiR at Automate 2017, Booth #1468 to see the MiR200 in action, along with the rest of the MiR product line. Additional photos can be downloaded here: http://www.mobile-industrial-robots.com/about-us/marketing Additional information is available here: http://www.mobile-industrial-robots.com/products/mir200 About MiR Mobile Industrial Robots is headquartered in Odense, Denmark where the company was founded in 2013 by experienced professionals from the Danish robotics industry. MiR develops and sells the most advanced mobile robots for internal transportation of goods in both the manufacturing and health care industries. MiR has quickly established a global distribution network in more than 30 countries, and the company has grown rapidly with a 500 percent increase in sales from 2015 to 2016. The company recently set up regional offices in Shanghai and New York. MiR supplies its collaborative, safe and autonomous robots to multinational industrial groups and mid-sized companies. MiR robots carry out internal transportation tasks quickly, easily and cost-effectively, to free employees for more valuable activities. Hundreds of manufacturers worldwide, as well as hospitals and care facilities, already use MiR’s innovative robots. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Smartphone use and likelihood of addiction Next PostNext Harland Clarke to Present Research on Small-to-Medium Businesses During 2017 CBA LIVE Search Recent Posts Digital Panel Meter Market 2022: by Key Manufacturers Murata Power Solutions, Red Lion Controls, OMRON, InnoVista Sensors Distillation Packings Market 2022: by Key Manufacturers Sulzer, Koch-Glitsch, Raschig, RVT Process Equipment Document Shredder Market 2022: by Key Manufacturers Fellowes, ACCO, HSM, Ideal Electronic Access Control Systems Market 2022: by Key Manufacturers Honeywell, ASSA Abloy, SIEMENS, TYCO Frozen Yogurt Market 2022: by Key Manufacturers Perfectime, llaollao, Micat, eimio Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In My MarketWatch Home Press Release Mobile Industrial Robots Launches New MiR200 More Powerful Autonomous Mobile Robot that Supports Easier Programming and Flexible Deployment for Faster ROI By Published: Apr 3, 2017 1:30 p.m. ET Share MiR200 adds significant user interface and programming enhancements, doubles payload to 200kg and towing capacity to 500kg and offers ESD compliance for electronic assembly applications CHICAGO & ODENSE, Denmark, Apr 03, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Mobile Industrial Robots, (MiR), a next-generation developer and manufacturer of autonomous mobile robots (AMRs), is launching its newest robot, the MiR200, at Automate 2017 in Chicago today. The MiR200 is a more powerful mobile robot in almost every aspect than the company’s flagship MiR100, which has already been installed in more than 30 countries by companies such as Airbus, Boeing, Flex, Honeywell, Michelin, Procter & Gamble, Toyota and Walmart. MiR’s industry-leading AMRs are a dramatic improvement over legacy automated guided vehicles (AGVs), which require the expensive and inflexible installation of sensors or magnets into factory floors for guidance. MiR products are designed to give owners the flexibility to easily redeploy the robots to different processes or facility layouts to support changing business needs and agile manufacturing processes. With the launch of the MiR200, customers now have even more choices in how to effectively, quickly and cost-effectively automate their material transportation needs. “Our robots are changing the game for any size business, from small, regional companies to large multinationals,” said MiR CEO Thomas Visti. “With the new interface of the MiR200, it’s even easier for companies to program the robot themselves and adapt its deployment as their business evolves. That’s critical for their competitiveness, and supports extremely fast ROI. The robot typically pays for itself in less than a year, even in very dynamic environments.” MiR200 offers game-changing user interface, performance and ROI The MiR200 updates MiR’s already-intuitive web-based user interface, making programming even easier for users who have no previous experience and allowing for even more optimized implementation. Updates include customizable dashboards, improved mapping, easier creation of robot missions and tasks, multi-level permissions, responsive web design and comprehensive browser support. Integrated help and product documentation provides additional guidance. The powerful MiR200 doubles the payload capacity of the MiR100 to 200kg/440lbs, and offers a MiRHook option for autonomous towing of carts up to 500kg/1102lbs. The robot offers exceptional flexibility for top modules—including racks, shelves, conveyors, lifts or even collaborative robot arms—which can be easily customized and mounted to meet specific application requirements. With its ESD-compliant exterior, the MiR200 is ideal for electronic assembly applications where parts being transported must be protected from electrostatic discharge. MiR robots offer more high-performance sensor technologies than any other mobile robot on the market. Six separate sensor systems feed data to the robot’s real-time navigation and safety algorithms. This enables quick decisions for highly efficient and safe operation of the robot, even in changing situations where people, extension cords, pallets or boxes can create unpredictable obstacles. Full 360-degree scanning allows the robot to safely back up, rather than being limited to forward motion. Additional sensors prevent blindspots by identifying obstacles above the robot, such as a table, and can look ahead and down to identify holes or stairwells, as well as clear obstacles such as glass walls. Visit MiR at Automate 2017, Booth #1468 to see the MiR200 in action, along with the rest of the MiR product line. Additional photos can be downloaded here: http://www.mobile-industrial-robots.com/about-us/marketing Additional information is available here: http://www.mobile-industrial-robots.com/products/mir200 About MiR Mobile Industrial Robots is headquartered in Odense, Denmark where the company was founded in 2013 by experienced professionals from the Danish robotics industry. MiR develops and sells the most advanced mobile robots for internal transportation of goods in both the manufacturing and health care industries. MiR has quickly established a global distribution network in more than 30 countries, and the company has grown rapidly with a 500 percent increase in sales from 2015 to 2016. The company recently set up regional offices in Shanghai and New York. MiR supplies its collaborative, safe and autonomous robots to multinational industrial groups and mid-sized companies. MiR robots carry out internal transportation tasks quickly, easily and cost-effectively, to free employees for more valuable activities. Hundreds of manufacturers worldwide, as well as hospitals and care facilities, already use MiR’s innovative robots. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170403005929/en/ SOURCE: Mobile Industrial Robots"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@MobileIndRobots Press: Hughes Communications, Inc. Cheryl Coupé, 1+503-705-4189 cheryl@hughescom.net or Mobile Industrial Robots: Ed Mullen, 1+631-675-1838 emu@mir-robots.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Tuesday, April 4, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Justice Dept. to Review Accords With Troubled Police Agencies By SHERYL GAY STOLBERG and ERIC LICHTBLAU 10:49 PM ET Attorney General Jeff Sessions has ordered a review of federal agreements, including those that address abuses, with dozens of law enforcement agencies. The examination, which reflects President Trump’s emphasis on law and order and reducing violent crime, could lead to a further retreat on consent decrees nationwide. A Debate: Should the Justice Department Police the Police? Democrats Gain Enough Votes for a Filibuster on Gorsuch By MATT FLEGENHEIMER Senate Republicans approved the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch and vowed to have him confirmed by the end of the week. But they may need to change Senate rules to subvert the filibuster.  Comments Fact Check: Both Sides Spin and Mislead The Senate Filibuster, Explained Trump Offers Praise for Authoritarian Leader of Egypt By PETER BAKER and DECLAN WALSH President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt got just what he was looking for: validation from an American president after the cold shoulder of the past. The Upshot White House Pitches New Health Bill Plan to Freedom Caucus By MARGOT SANGER-KATZ 1:37 AM ET Under the proposal, states could opt out of requiring insurers to cover a minimum benefits package and could do away with a rule forcing them to charge the same price to everyone who is the same age.  Comments More in Politics In China, Maoists Admire Trump’s Nationalist Views Kushner Discusses ISIS Fight With Iraqi Leader 9:55 PM ET A Renewed Attack on Phone Tapping Claims and Clinton 9:07 PM ET O’Reilly Loses Two Sponsors as Scandal Buffets Fox News By EMILY STEEL and MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT 9:25 PM ET Sexual harassment scandals continue to plague Fox, with a new lawsuit alleging inappropriate behavior by its former chairman Roger Ailes and two carmakers pulling ads from Bill O’Reilly’s show. Truckloads of Work Visa Applications as Deadline Nears By MIRIAM JORDAN Possible changes to a program that allows technology companies to import foreign workers may be adding to an even heavier rush than usual this year.  Comments The Daily 360 1:43 Cross the Border Into Mexico Kirsten Luce for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. N.C.A.A. Tournament Sixth N.C.A.A. Title Is Worth the Wait for North Carolina A year after a heartbreaking loss in the final, North Carolina came from behind at the half to beat Gonzaga, 71-65, in the national title game. By ZACH SCHONBRUN Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 11:54 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Your Tuesday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:11 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Inside our investigation of how Fox News has handled harassment allegations against its biggest star. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Smarter Living What to Cook This Week Skillet chicken with tomatoes, pancetta and mozzarella, Boston cream pie and more for the week ahead. How to Live With Sleep Apnea By KAREN BARROW Daytime sleepiness, a potentially vast array of side effects and difficult treatment decisions: Five men and women speak about living with sleep apnea.  Comments Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Clif Bar workers in the factory’s gym. Companies like Clif and Chobani have forced other employers in Twin Falls to raise wages and benefits. Credit Ruth Fremson/The New York Times Where Rural America Is Booming and Bustling New manufacturing jobs and population growth have lifted Twin Falls, Idaho, where the image of rural America painted in the presidential campaign is far from reality. By KIRK JOHNSON How Uber Uses Tricks to Push Its Drivers’ Buttons By NOAM SCHEIBER The company has undertaken an extraordinary experiment in behavioral science to subtly entice an independent work force to maximize revenue.  Comments Debt and a Failed Deal at Kushners’ Flagship Building By CHARLES V. BAGLI Charles and Jared Kushner’s company was already losing money on its $1.8 billion skyscraper. Then a deal with the Chinese for a replacement fell apart. Tesla Passes Ford in Value as Investors Bet on Future By BILL VLASIC and NEAL E. BOUDETTE 8:43 PM ET With signs that the long boom in American auto sales is tapering off, the Detroit giants are eclipsed on Wall Street by the electric-vehicle upstart. New York’s Emergency Budget Skips Thorny Issues By JESSE McKINLEY and LISA W. FODERARO After a deadline and a grace period expire, lawmakers pass a so-called extender budget to keep the state running as they try to settle policy issues. More News At Least 11 Are Killed in Subway Explosion in St. Petersburg Brazilian Schoolgirl Killed by Crossfire Adds to Rio’s Toll Iowa’s Largest Insurer Says It Will Leave Obamacare Exchanges N.H.L. Won’t Send Its Players to the 2018 Winter Olympics Kansas House Votes No on Expanding Medicaid The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. Along the Mekong, the Ebb and Flow of a Shrine An ancient Khmer temple’s restoration along the Mekong River draws adventurous tourists to a little-known corner of Southeast Asia. A Museum About Soccer, and About Germany The popular new German Football Museum in Dortmund celebrates the sport but also portrays dark chapters in the nation’s modern history. Real Estate Frenzy in a Quiet Corner of China China’s effort to create a gleaming metropolis called Xiongan set off a buying frenzy, showing the unpredictability of its vast property market. The Opinion Pages Editorial A Peek Into the White House Swamp Officials’ financial disclosure forms raise more questions than they answer and provide no assurance of ethical behavior.  Comments Jared Kushner, the Assistant With the Big Portfolio By BRUCE BARTLETT President Trump needs to give his son-in-law some staff. Academic Freedom, Under Threat in Europe By MICHAEL IGNATIEFF The United States should not allow Hungary to intimidate an American institution in Budapest. Editorial: A Cornerstone of Peace at Risk Blow: Dwindling Odds of Coincidence Krugman: Trump Is Wimping Out on Trade Letters: Fear of Following User Subscriptions The Supreme Court: Where Do We Go From Here? Latino Players Welcome a Baseball Reporter Who ‘Speaks the Same Language’ Times Insider » The Supreme Court: Where Do We Go From Here? The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story U.S. On Campus, Embracing Feminism and the Future Opinion Mitch McConnell’s Nuclear Trigger Finger Style Love Lessons From the (Very) First Couple Business Day Combining Travel and Work for a Digital Nomad Opinion Closing Rikers Without a Road Map Times Insider A Rare Baseball Reporter Who Speaks Spanish Science Do Seas Make Us Sick? Opinion What Was Lenin Thinking? Book Review Rubbing Up Against Tradition in New South Multimedia/Photos Walden Pond: Selfies, Not Self Reflection Opinion Who Is the Victim? On Tuesday, a court will hear the appeal of Anna Stubblefield, the former professor convicted of sexually assaulting a disabled man. Book Review Charting the Legacy of ‘Les Misérables’ Sections World » North Korea’s Nuclear Strength, Encapsulated in an Online Ad for Lithium Explosion in St. Petersburg, Russia, Kills 11 as Vladimir Putin Visits Brazilian Schoolgirl Killed by Crossfire Adds to Rio’s Toll Business Day » Within Hours, Plans for a Quiet Corner of China Send Home Prices Soaring More Trouble at Fox News: Ailes Faces New Sexual Claims and O’Reilly Loses Two Advertisers Trump Completes Repeal of Online Privacy Protections From Obama Era Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Jared Kushner, the Assistant With the Big Portfolio Editorial: A Cornerstone of Peace at Risk Charles M. Blow: Dwindling Odds of Coincidence U.S. » An Idaho Town Bucks the Perception of Rural Struggle Sweeping Federal Review Could Affect Consent Decrees Nationwide Visa Applications Pour In by Truckload Before Door Slams Shut Technology » How Uber Uses Psychological Tricks to Push Its Drivers’ Buttons Dyson Is the Apple of Appliances (and Just as Secretive) Google Training Ad Placement Computers to Be Offended Arts » A Hushed Departure at the Met Museum Reveals Entrenched Management Culture On Comedy: Louis C.K.’s New Special Mines Comedy From the Middle Ground U2 Producer’s Other Job: Selling CDs in Indonesia’s KFCs Politics » Political Memo: Trump Declines First Pitch on Opening Day, Throwing Ritual a Curveball Plan to Cut Funding for Biomedical Research Hits Opposition in Congress The Senate Filibuster, Explained Fashion & Style » Styles Q. and A.: The Vin Diesel Formula: Brains, Brawn and Heart Boîte: At the Museum of Sex, a Bar Where You Can Boogie Oogie Oogie Life as a Runway: What 10 Gallery Crawlers Wore to a Downtown Los Angeles Opening Movies » ‘The Boss Baby’ Bests ‘Beast,’ Barely, as Box Office No. 1 Advertising: The Ad Feels a Bit Like Oscar Bait, but It’s Trying to Sell You an iPhone ‘Moonlight’ Wins at Glaad Media Awards New York » Trump Budget Leaves New York-Area Transit Projects Up in the Air At Kushners’ Flagship Building, Mounting Debt and a Foundered Deal Brutal Force at Rikers Island Continues at an ‘Alarming Rate,’ Report Says Sports » North Carolina 71, Gonzaga 65: North Carolina Stops Gonzaga, Turning Heartbreak Into Joy A Referee Marches On (Much to Kentucky Fans’ Chagrin) N.H.L. Says Its Players Will Not Participate in 2018 Winter Olympics Theater » From Lost Soul in London to Glory Off Broadway Review: ‘Amélie’ Is Easy to Listen To, but Never Really Sings Review: A Hectic ‘Vanity Fair,’ Starring That Nasty Woman Science » Trilobites: A Mysterious Flash From a Faraway Galaxy Do Seas Make Us Sick? Surfers May Have the Answer Trilobites: Unmasking the Fearsome Face of a Tyrannosaur Obituaries » Leonard Litwin, New York Real Estate Mogul, Dies at 102 Ikutaro Kakehashi, Engineer Behind Revolutionary Drum Machine, Dies at 87 Katy Feeney, Baseball Executive Who Oversaw Scheduling, Dies at 68 Television » Review: ‘Prison Break’ Returns, With Yemen the Focus On Comedy: Louis C.K.’s New Special Mines Comedy From the Middle Ground Watching: The Best TV Shows and Movies New to Netflix, Amazon and More in April Health » Global Health: The Campaign to Lead the World Health Organization Kansas House Narrowly Upholds Governor’s Veto of Medicaid Expansion Turning Negative Thinkers Into Positive Ones Travel » Where I Live: My Vancouver: An Ever-Unfolding Story Slowing Down, Finding Hidden Paradise on St. John 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Victoria Falls (Zimbabwe Side) Books » Books of The Times: Stories of Wonder, Fear and Kindness From the Moth Now Batting: 14 New Baseball Books Nonfiction: A Memoir of Motherhood Lost Education » Betsy DeVos Calls for More School Choice, Saying Money Isn’t the Answer Forum: Middlebury, My Divided Campus College Is the Goal. The Problem? Getting There. Food » Inviting the Easter Bunny to the Seder The Legend of King Solomon and the Passover Feast A Good Appetite: Carrots, Striking and Sweet, Have Arrived Sunday Review » Opinion: How Scared Should People on the Border Be? Editorial: Pick Your Favorite Ethics Offender in Trumpland Frank Bruni: Manhood in the Age of Trump Real Estate » How to Avoid Stress When You’re Moving Big Ticket: A Brooklyn Condo Sells for a Record $15 Million Voyeur: Voyeur: Early Spring Flowers The Upshot » Public Health: Republican Health Proposal Would Undermine Coverage for Pre-existing Conditions The New Health Care: Birth Control Causes Depression? Not So Fast Public Health: Obamacare Choices Could Go From One to Zero in Some Areas Magazine » Feature: Trump vs. Congress: Now What? Feature: The High Price of Leaving Ultra-Orthodox Life Feature: Those Indecipherable Medical Bills? They’re One Reason Health Care Costs So Much Automobiles » Volkswagen Share Sale Keeps the Automaker a Family Affair Driven: Video Review: Acura NSX, a Supercar in Almost All Ways Wheels: As Auto Prices Rise, Used Cars Are Looking Shinier T Magazine » The Veteran Photographer Making Stunning New Buildings 4 New Books From Restaurant Chefs — for Home Cooks Martin Margiela Comes Back Into the Spotlight (Not That He Ever Left) Times Insider » Latino Players Welcome a Baseball Reporter Who ‘Speaks the Same Language’ An Expansive View of a Forgotten People Reporting the Reporting, Step by Step Real Estate » Moving Checklist Proper planning will make any move less stressful, and that means setting a time line with scheduled tasks leading up to your moving date. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Global Jelly Pudding Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 “Global Jelly Pudding Market” WiseGuyReports.com adds “Jelly Pudding Market 2017 Global Analysis, Growth, Trends and Opportunities Research Report Forecasting to 2022”reports to its database. Jelly Pudding Market: Executive Summary  In this report, the global Jelly Pudding market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Jelly Pudding in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1140031-global-jelly-pudding-market-research-report-2017 Global Jelly Pudding market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Nestle Unilever P&G DQ Eat Drink Better Organic Valley Woongjin Foods LOTTE Strong Group Rico Food Industries Sdn. Bhd CHC Gourmet Sdn Bhd Want-want Hsu Fu Chi Heinz Siva Foods Shanghai BLG On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Semi Solid State Jelly Pudding No Fixed Shape Jelly Pudding On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Jelly Pudding for each application, including Food and Beverages Product Personal Care Product Baby Product Pharmaceutical Product Other Access Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1140031-global-jelly-pudding-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Jelly Pudding Market Research Report 2017  1 Jelly Pudding Market Overview  1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Jelly Pudding  1.2 Jelly Pudding Segment by Type (Product Category)  1.2.1 Global Jelly Pudding Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022)  1.2.2 Global Jelly Pudding Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016  1.2.3 Semi Solid State Jelly Pudding  1.2.4 No Fixed Shape Jelly Pudding  1.3 Global Jelly Pudding Segment by Application  1.3.1 Jelly Pudding Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022)  1.3.2 Food and Beverages Product  1.3.3 Personal Care Product  1.3.4 Baby Product  1.3.5 Pharmaceutical Product  1.3.6 Other  1.4 Global Jelly Pudding Market by Region (2012-2022)  1.4.1 Global Jelly Pudding Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022)  1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022)  1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022)  1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022)  1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022)  1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022)  1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022)  1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Jelly Pudding (2012-2022)  1.5.1 Global Jelly Pudding Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022)  1.5.2 Global Jelly Pudding Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Jelly Pudding Market Competition by Manufacturers  2.1 Global Jelly Pudding Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)  2.1.1 Global Jelly Pudding Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)  2.1.2 Global Jelly Pudding Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)  2.2 Global Jelly Pudding Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)  2.3 Global Jelly Pudding Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017)  2.4 Manufacturers Jelly Pudding Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type  2.5 Jelly Pudding Market Competitive Situation and Trends  2.5.1 Jelly Pudding Market Concentration Rate  2.5.2 Jelly Pudding Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers  2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion … 7 Global Jelly Pudding Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis  7.1 Nestle  7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors  7.1.2 Jelly Pudding Product Category, Application and Specification  7.1.2.1 Product A  7.1.2.2 Product B  7.1.3 Nestle Jelly Pudding Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview  7.2 Unilever  7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors  7.2.2 Jelly Pudding Product Category, Application and Specification  7.2.2.1 Product A  7.2.2.2 Product B  7.2.3 Unilever Jelly Pudding Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview  7.3 P&G  7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors  7.3.2 Jelly Pudding Product Category, Application and Specification  7.3.2.1 Product A  7.3.2.2 Product B  7.3.3 P&G Jelly Pudding Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview  7.4 DQ  7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors  7.4.2 Jelly Pudding Product Category, Application and Specification  7.4.2.1 Product A  7.4.2.2 Product B  7.4.3 DQ Jelly Pudding Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview  7.5 Eat Drink Better  7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors  7.5.2 Jelly Pudding Product Category, Application and Specification  7.5.2.1 Product A  7.5.2.2 Product B  7.5.3 Eat Drink Better Jelly Pudding Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview  7.6 Organic Valley  7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors  7.6.2 Jelly Pudding Product Category, Application and Specification  7.6.2.1 Product A  7.6.2.2 Product B  7.6.3 Organic Valley Jelly Pudding Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview  7.7 Woongjin Foods  7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors  7.7.2 Jelly Pudding Product Category, Application and Specification  7.7.2.1 Product A  7.7.2.2 Product B  7.7.3 Woongjin Foods Jelly Pudding Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview  7.8 LOTTE  7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors  7.8.2 Jelly Pudding Product Category, Application and Specification  7.8.2.1 Product A  7.8.2.2 Product B  7.8.3 LOTTE Jelly Pudding Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview  7.9 Strong Group  7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors  7.9.2 Jelly Pudding Product Category, Application and Specification  7.9.2.1 Product A  7.9.2.2 Product B  7.9.3 Strong Group Jelly Pudding Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview  7.10 Rico Food Industries Sdn. Bhd  7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors  7.10.2 Jelly Pudding Product Category, Application and Specification  7.10.2.1 Product A  7.10.2.2 Product B  7.10.3 Rico Food Industries Sdn. Bhd Jelly Pudding Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)  7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview  7.11 CHC Gourmet Sdn Bhd  7.12 Want-want  7.13 Hsu Fu Chi  7.14 Heinz  7.15 Siva Foods  7.16 Shanghai BLG …CONTINUED Buy this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1140031 Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: New York City State: NY Country: United States Website: www.wiseguyreports.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Commodity Market, Food & Beverage, Manufacturing & Industry, Retail Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Diabetes Devices Market to Reach Worth USD 28.2 Bn by 2022 – Credence Research Next PostNext Injectable Drug Delivery Market Is Anticipated To Experience Huge Growth Due To Increase In Number Of Chronic Diseases Till 2024 : Grand View Research, Inc. Search Recent Posts AG&P Announces Integrated Plug-and-Play Solutions for LNG Supply Network in Asia 3DTV Market: 2017 Global Trend and 2022 Forecast Research Report Furfuryl Alcohol Market Analysis, Trends, Forecast, 2015-2025 Market Size of 2 – Ethyl Anthraquinone, Forecast Report 2015-2025 Games4Health 2017 Winners Announced by the Sorenson Center for Discovery & Innovation at the Eccles School Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News P&G and Whirlpool Partner to Bring Clean Laundry to Earthquake-Stricken Italy SOURCE: Cone Communications DESCRIPTION: When it comes to disaster relief, it’s all hands on deck – and companies are stepping up in increasing numbers to provide donations, products and services to help those in need. Although some schools of thought may suggest steering clear of in-kind donations, with the right partner these donations can make all the difference on the ground. Now, two major companies are joining forces to deliver just the type of help needed in the wake of disaster. When earthquakes struck central Italy in January, an unlikely duo stepped forward to provide relief. Procter & Gamble and Whirlpool Corporation recently partnered to support communities affected by the earthquakes by providing complementary in-kind donations. The companies worked with the Italian Civil Protection Department to donate 10 laundry containers equipped with washing machines, dryers, irons and laundry detergent. The washing units, active 24 hours a day free of charge, will be installed in earthquake-affected areas such as Norcia, Ancarano, Frascaro, Popoli, San Pellegrino and Savelli. To continue reading, click here. Tweet me: P&G and Whirlpool Partner to Bring Clean Laundry to Earthquake-Stricken Italy http://bit.ly/2nrtHL5 via @Cone #disasterrelief KEYWORDS: Philanthropy & Cause Initiatives, Disaster Relief, Cone Communications, Procter & Gamble, whirlpool corporation CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious China VAST Announces 2016 Annual Results Next PostNext Making a Difference: Accenture 2016 Corporate Citizenship Report Features Progress on Skills Training, Sustainability and Closing the Gender Gap Search Recent Posts Taxi Driver Taken into Custody After Reports of Erratic Driving Taxi Driver Taken into Custody After Reports of Erratic Driving Eileen, the Irish-American Composer Victor Herbert’s Finest Work is Celebrated in NYC Econice Bamboo Veneer Emerges as a Green Alternative to Wood Veneer Two launches of ULA rockets with NRO payload in 2020 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
ABOUT / TODAY IN HISTORY / DAYTIME / CASTING NEWS / SPOILERS / PRIMETIME / WEB SERIES / NOVELAS / POLL / RATINGS / FLASHBACK The Bold and the Beautiful / Days of our Lives / General Hospital / The Young and the Restless Today in Soap Opera History (April 2) Posted by Roger Newcomb 1951: A daytime version of Hawkins Falls premiered. 1956: As the World Turns and The Edge of Night premiered on CBS. 1971: ABC aired the final episode of Dark Shadows. "All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity that the dry, shrivelled kernel scarcely compensates for the trouble of cracking the nut." ― Anne Brontë in "Agnes Grey" "Today in Soap Opera History" is a collection of the most memorable, interesting and influential events in the history of scripted, serialized programs. From birthdays and anniversaries to scandals and controversies, every day this column celebrates the soap opera in American culture. On this date in... 1951: Hawkins Falls, a primetime dramedy in 1950 returned as 15-minute five-days-a-week daytime soap opera on NBC titled Hawkins Falls: A Television Novel, created by Roy Winsor and Doug Johnson. Its large cast of "townspeople" included Frank Dane, Bernadine Flynn, Ros Twohey, Hope Summers and Barbara Berjer. Produced and directed by Ben Park, it ran four years. Don MacLaughlin and Helen Wagner  pose for a photo in March 1956 as CBS prepared to launch ABC. 1956: Procter & Gamble's As the World Turns, the first 30-minute daytime soap opera, premiered on CBS. The show starred Don MacLaughlin and Helen Wagner as Chris and Nancy Hughes, roles they would both play until their real-life deaths (Wagner had some time off in the early 1980s). Wagner said the first line in ATWT history, "Good morning, dear." Other original cast members included Rosemary Prinz, Ruth Warrick, Les Damon, Wendy Drew, William Lee and Hal Studer..  Read creator Irna Phillips' original story bible for the fictional Oakdale-based soap (As the World Turns) here. ATWT became the top-rated daytime soap for much of the first two decades and ran more more than 54 years. CBS aired the final episode on September 17, 2010. The final line was, fittingly, "Goodnight." EON original cast members John Larkin and Don Hastings shoot a scene in 1959. 1956: Another 30-minute P&G soap, The Edge of Night, premiered on CBS. Irving Vendig created the mystery serial set in the fictional Midwestern city of Monticello. Original cast members included John Larkin as Mike Karr, Teal Ames as Sarah Lane, and Don Hastings as Jack Lane. Hastings would move to sister-soap ATWT in 1960. The Edge of Night moved to ABC in December 1975, when CBS expanded ATWT to one hour.  The show ended its run on December 28, 1984. 1968: On The Doctors, Dr. Althea Davis (Elizabeth Hubbard) tried to discuss medical treatment with patient Lila Anderson (Kathleen Maguire), but was refused. "I care very much", said Althea. "I know that I can help you." Thanks to Scott for sending in the item above. 1971: ABC aired the final episode of gothic soap opera Dark Shadows, which had premiered in 1966. The show, created by Dan Curtis, became a cult favorite among young viewers. Watch the final scene below: Dallas cast members celebrate at a party thrown for them in May 1978 1978: Primetime soap opera Dallas premiered on CBS. The show began as a five-part miniseries, and returned in the fall in the regular lineup. The show aired until 1991. In the very first episode, Bobby Ewing (Patrick Duffy) had married Pam Barnes (Victoria Principal), much to the chagrin of their families. Cast that appeared in the first episode included Jim Davis, Barbara Bel Geddes, Larry Hagman, Linda Gray, Steve Kanaly, Ken Kercheval and Charlene Tilton. Watch the first and last scene below: 1979: On Guiding Light, Ross Marler (Jerry verDorn) asked Roger Thorpe (Michael Zaslow) about his relationship with Rita Bauer. Thanks to Jennifer for sending in the item above. 1985: Julianne Moore debuted as Frannie Hughes in As the World Turns. 1990: On Another World, Sharly (Anna Holbrook) asked Grant (Dack Rambo) to spend the night with her. 1999: Former daytime director Robert Myhrum (Ryan's Hope; The Secret Storm; Love of Life) died at age 72. 2002: Former daytime soap writer Henry Slesar (The Edge of Night; Somerset; Capitol; Search for Tomorrow) died at age 74. 2009: On Guiding Light, Colin was born. 2010: On As the World Turns, Bob and Kim Hughes learned their original wedding minister was in jail, and weren't actually officially married 25 years earlier. Celebrating a birthday today are: Amelia Marshall (ex-Liz, Passions; ex-Belinda, All My Children; ex-Gilly, Guiding Light) - 59 Christopher Meloni (ex-Roman, True Blood; ex-Chris, Oz) - 56 Clark Gregg (ex-Michael, The West Wing) - 55 Billy Dean (One Life to Live) - 55 Renée Estevez (ex-Nancy, The West Wing) - 50 Brian Ceponis (ex-James, Breaking Point) - 45 Roselyn Sanchez (ex-Pilar, As the World Turns) - 44 Adam Rodriguez (ex-Bobby, Ugly Betty) - 42 Aiden Turner (Brad, If Loving You Is Wrong; ex-Aidan, All My Children; ex-Iris, Crossroads; ex-EastEnders; ex-Undressed) - 40 Jaime Ray Newman (ex-Kristina, General Hospital) - 39 Bethany Joy Lenz (ex-Haley, One Tree Hill; ex-Michelle, Guiding Light) - 36 Ashley Peldon (ex-Marah, Guiding Light) - 33 Shawn Roberts (ex-Dean, Degrassi: The Next Generation) - 33 Jesse Plemons (ex-Landry, Friday Night Lights) - 29 Amy Castle (ex-Viki, Passions; ex-Tara, General Hospital) - 27 EDITOR'S NOTE: If you would like to submit a soap history entry for this date or a future date, email editor@welovesoaps.com. Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Categories: All My Children, As The World Turns, Birthdays, Dark Shadows, General Hospital, Guiding Light, Hawkins Falls, Henry Slesar, History, Passions, The Edge of Night No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) CONTACT WE LOVE SOAPS: Roger Newcomb - roger@welovesoaps.com Kevin Mulcahy Jr. - kevin@welovesoaps.com           Search We Love Soaps Featured Post Book Recommendation: Agnes Nixon's 'My Life to Live' I normally wouldn't make a book recommendation only three chapters into a read, but there's a new release that will be the exceptio... Popular Posts 44th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards: Complete List of Nominations The National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (NATAS) today announced the nominees for the 44th Annual Daytime Emmy® Awards. The a... Today in Soap Opera History (March 29) 1962: Search for Tomorrow's Marge was upset when adoption plans fell through. 1982: SFT made its NBC debut. 1982: The first daytim... Today in Soap Opera History (April 3) 1956: Edge of Night's Jack was impacted by a kiss. 1972: Return to Peyton Place premiered on NBC. 1984: Edge of Night's Raven... Today in Soap Opera History (March 30) 1970: A World Apart and The Best of Everything premiered on ABC. Another World spinoff Somerset premiered on NBC. Dark Shadows' ... Today in Soap Opera History (April 2) 1951: A daytime version of Hawkins Falls premiered. 1956: As the World Turns and The Edge of Night premiered on CBS. 1971: ABC aired ... Today in Soap Opera History (March 31) "All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity tha... Longtime 'Another World' Star Michael M. Ryan Dead at 87 Michael M. Ryan debuted on NBC soap opera Another World during the show's first year on the air. Actor Michael M. Ryan, who played ... Soap Opera Spoilers - Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers - Days of our Lives Spoilers - General Hospital Spoilers - Young and the Restless Spoilers Translate Powered by Blogger.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Hair Care Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast Analysis For 2016 – 2024 Hair Care Market: Snapshot The global hair care market is expanding at a steady pace and is likely to continue doing so during the course of the forecast period. One of the most important factors responsible for this stability is the demand for healthy, lustrous, and manageable hair and this need drives the purchase decisions of most consumers. The market for hair care products expected to grow significantly across developing and developed regions owing to increasing R&D activities for the enhancement of these products. Moreover, an emphasis on innovation in technology for the formulation of new hair care products is expected to impact the market globally. The global hair care market was valued at US$81.3 bn in 2015 and is expected to reach US$105.3 bn by 2024, registering a steady 3.0% CAGR during the forecast period. Know Details Industry Information about Research Report, Download Brochure@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Availability of Variety of Hair Styling Products and Devices a Key Factor In terms of revenue, the shampoo segment accounts for the dominant share in the hair care market, and registered a 30.9% share in 2015. The shampoo market is gaining popularity thanks to product innovation based on evolving customer needs. The major players offering a wide variety of shampoos in the market include Procter & Gamble Co., L’Oréal S.A., and Unilever plc. Hair styling products form a highly attractive segment in the hair care market and is projected to expand at a 4.4% CAGR. Hair styling products include mousse, holding sprays, heat-resistant sprays, sprays for curly hair, serums, and gels. The growing demand for hair styling products due to the changing purchasing behavior and patterns of consumers is likely to boost this product segment. A key trend noted in this segment is the fact that local manufacturers in Africa and APAC have been focusing on new product development and innovation catering to consumer preferences so as to establish a loyal customer base over the years. Hair colors are gradually witnessing increased demand across the globe. This can be attributed to the ever-rising influence of the fashion industry and a rise in the global aging population. A recent trend noted in this segment is an increase in male consumers. Men’s grooming products have gained much popularity in recent years and this global trend is reflected in the hair color market as well. MEA offers Immense Scope for Growth with Improving Disposable Incomes of Consumers Asia Pacific accounted for the leading share of 33.12% in the global hair care market in 2016. The region, which comprises China, Japan, India, and Rest of Asia Pacific, is fueled by the increasing number of people facing hair and scalp problems such as hair fall and damage. In addition, rising self-consciousness among youth about their appearances is supporting the market. The growing variation of hair colors, styling products, oils, conditioners, and shampoos available in the market today is also attracting an increasing number of consumers in the region. Browse Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hair-care-market.html The Middle East and Africa (MEA) market is expected to expand at a strong CAGR of 4.0% during the forecast period. The region, which includes UAE, South Africa, and the Rest of MEA, is expected to be supported by the growing opportunities for hair care products in rural areas thanks to the improving disposable income and changing lifestyles of the consumers. In addition, local and international key players have been investing significant capital in emerging markets since the crisis of 2009 led to a decrease in the prices of hair care products. This, in turn, is anticipated to boost the market for hair care in the region. The global market for hair care is extremely consolidated owing to the presence of several manufacturers, both domestic and international. The competition among manufacturers is intense and thus, the entry of new players is restricted. Some of the leading players competing in the global hair care market are Henkel Corporation, Procter Gamble Co., L’Oreal S.A., Unilever plc, Revlon Inc., Avon Products Inc., Aveda Corporation, Neutrogena Corporation, Amka Products (Pty) Ltd., and Combe Incorporated. About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFashion, Lifestyle, Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Certificates Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Analysis For 2016 – 2023 Next PostNext Hearing Protection Devices Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast Analysis For 2016 – 2026 Search Recent Posts Global Life Science and Analytical Instruments Market to Reach $44.75 Billion by 2021 Global Catheters, Needles, and Cannulas Market is Expected to Reach $53.6 Billion by 2021 Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions Camden Property Trust Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Dates DCT Industrial Trust® Invites You to Join Its First Quarter 2017 Conference Call on May 5, 2017 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Vivint Solar Appoints Maggie Heile as Vice President of Marketing Branding and marketing veteran to oversee Vivint Solar's brand and strategic marketing LEHI, Utah, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Vivint Solar (NYSE: VSLR) today announced that it has named Maggie Heile as vice president of marketing. In this role, Heile will oversee Vivint Solar's marketing, communications and branding initiatives. A veteran marketing leader with 25 years of experience, Heile's expertise is in amplifying new or undervalued brands and driving revenue, profitability and market share. Throughout her career, Heile has led some of the most recognized and respected consumer brands across a wide range of categories, and in close partnership with big retailers like Costco, Walmart, and Target. "Maggie is a brilliant marketing mind and proven leader who will help Vivint Solar share its vision of clean, affordable energy with consumers," said David Bywater, CEO of Vivint Solar. "We look forward to working with Maggie as a valuable member of our management team to support our ongoing growth initiatives." Prior to joining Vivint Solar, Heile led marketing for the Retailer Brands division of Sun Products Corporation, the second largest laundry product manufacturer in the U.S., where she developed best-in-class brand building capability that resulted in volume, profit, share, and brand equity growth across a portfolio of 50+ brands and multiple product categories.  Heile previously served as a senior vice president and general manager at Saatchi & Saatchi X, one of the top global shopper marketing agencies, where she helped build and strategically lead a new agency network, including its global expansion. She began her career at Procter & Gamble, working across a wide range of brands in the food, beverage and pet categories. Among Heile's achievements at P&G, she profitably grew the Iams dog and cat food businesses to billion-dollar brands. "I am excited to enter this new and innovative industry with Vivint Solar," stated Heile. "I look forward to working with the exceptional leadership team to build the most respected and trusted brand in solar, while also creating a best-in-class experience for our customers." About Vivint Solar Vivint Solar is a leading full-service residential solar provider in the United States. With Vivint Solar, customers can power their homes with clean, renewable energy and typically achieve significant financial savings. Offering integrated residential solar solutions for the entire customer lifecycle, Vivint Solar designs, installs, monitors and services the solar energy systems for its customers. In addition to being able to purchase a solar energy system outright, customers may benefit from Vivint Solar's affordable, flexible financing options or power purchase agreements. For more information, visit www.vivintsolar.com or follow @VivintSolar on Twitter. Press Contacts: Vivint Solar Helen Langan, Director of Public Relations 385-202-6577 pr@vivintsolar.com Agency Contact Ashlyn Hewlett, Method Communications 801-461-9772 ashlyn@methodcommunications.com SOURCE Vivint Solar CategoriesUncategorized TagsOil/Energy, Personnel Announcements, Utilities Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe Methyl-2-cyanoacrylate Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Next PostNext CultureSummit 2017 Abu Dhabi Will Convene 300 Leaders From More Than 80 Countries Search Recent Posts Cytotoxic Drug Market Analysis, Revenue, Price, Market Share, Growth Rate, Forecast by 2021 Cholangiopancreatography Device Market Share by Type, Production, Revenue, Growth by Type & Analysis by Regions 2017-2021 The Other Elephants Under Threat (with Photo Gallery) Antiandrogen Market Size, Sales, Growth Drivers, Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2021 Worldwide Rupture Disc Market by 2020- Regions, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Trend, Forecast, Types, Applications Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews BRICS Disposable Hygiene Products Market : Dynamics, Segments, Size and Demand, 2014 – 2020 The disposable hygiene products market is witnessing an annual growth of nearly 6-7% due to increased consumer spending on personal care products globally. In addition, the demand for improvised comfort, performance and efficient absorbent hygiene products is expected to drive demand for disposable hygiene products in the near future. Concerns for safety, convenience and hygiene are identified as key factors affecting growth of disposable hygiene products market. Furthermore, rising consumption of products such as sanitary pads, wipes, baby products and others across the globe is anticipated to drive demand for disposable hygiene products market in near future. Among the developing economies, increasing population and manufacture of such products in countries such as India and China and low penetration of these products is expected to open opportunities for growth of the market in BRICS. Moreover, industry-sophistication is expected to fuel the demand for disposable hygiene products in Brazil. Apart from increasing population in BRICS, economic development particularly in countries such as China and India is a key factor contributing towards substantial growth of disposable hygiene products market in the region. Furthermore, increasing disposable income, rising expenditure or consumer spending on personal hygiene and increasing hygiene concerns are expected to fuel demand for disposable hygiene products over the next five to six years. Also, increasing Internet penetration is a prime factor supporting wide distribution of these products to tech-savvy consumers in BRICS via the medium of online retailing. Internet penetration is expected to enhance distribution of these products, leading to increased consumption and brand visibility among consumers in BRICS. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-br-107 Although hygiene concerns rank high among consumers in the BRICS region, low awareness among people in rural areas coupled with low adoption of products in regular operations could hamper growth of the market. However, some international companies are focused on advertising campaigns along with the government awareness campaigns regarding hygiene. Although hygiene concerns in BRICS region is high, low awareness among people in rural areas coupled with low adoption of products on a regular basis is expected to restrict market growth. Moreover, cost reduction coupled with efficient packaging of the disposable hygiene products is concern for companies operating in this market. As a result, a few international companies are focusing on advertising campaigns along with product portfolio expansion through opening of new manufacturing units. For instance, Unicharm Corporation, Procter & Gamble India and Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ.) among others, have opened new manufacturing units for hygiene products in India. For instance, Unicharm Corporation invested US $ 39.2 million to set up a manufacturing facility with the objective to develop baby care, pet care and feminine care products in India. The disposable hygiene products market is segmented on the basis of product type and material used in products. The various disposable hygiene products include nappies, diapers, toilet paper, wipes, sanitary protection, kitchen towels, paper tableware, cotton pads and buds. These products are classified according to age-group since product usage differs accordingly. On the basis of age-group, the market has been segmented into adult care, feminine care and baby care. The materials used in these products are broadly classified as woven or non-woven, which depends on the acceptability of the product as well as age-group for which they are designed. Among all the product categories, the sanitary pads and baby products are collectively expected to be a promising area in the BRICS disposable hygiene products market. Among all the BRICS countries, India and China are expected to witness an increase in demand for disposable hygiene products, followed by Brazil and Russia. Visit For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-br-107 Investments by local players for disposable hygiene products are increasing rapidly, which is expected to lead towards a strong competitive database. This in turn is predicted to enhance the competitiveness among local as well as international players, leading to substantial investments in this market in future. Prominent players in this market include Dispowear Sterite Company, Kimberley Clark Corporation, Disposable Hygiene Products Ltd., BOSTIK SA, BAHP, UNICHARM Corporation, Procter & Gamble Company, Unicharm Corporation, Kao Corporation and Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ). CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NTV-PLUS and Eutelsat strengthen relationship across Russia’s key video neighbourhoods Next PostNext FMCG Packaging Market: Opportunities and Forecast Assessment, 2014 – 2020 Search Recent Posts Could This Enzyme Help Turn Biofuel Waste into Something Useful? King of the Hill – 2017 Ram Heavy Duty Wins Gold Hitch Award From The Fast Lane Truck (TFLtruck) Spark says 80c/share is final offer for TeamTalk Bay of Plenty to host its first ‘Women Who Get Sh*t Done’ Winners Picked in NASA’s Nationwide Art Contest Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News LeanIn.Org Launches #20PercentCounts for Equal Pay Day 2017 to Highlight the Unfairness of the Gender Pay Gap PALO ALTO, Calif., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — For Equal Pay Day (April 4), LeanIn.Org is launching #20PercentCounts, a campaign to raise awareness that women on average are paid 20 percent less than men in the United States. In support of the campaign, LUNA, Lyft, P&G, Salesforce, and businesses in twenty-five U.S. cities have joined forces with LeanIn.Org to offer 20 percent discounts or special offers. In addition, LeanIn.Org premiered a comedic video that shows the impact of 20 percent less on women’s lives and released exclusive new data on the gender pay gap and the benefits of closing it to women, families, and the economy. „Equal pay is essential to the goal of gender equality,” said Sheryl Sandberg, COO of Facebook and founder of LeanIn.Org. „This issue speaks to how we value women’s labor, knowledge, time, training, and so much more. In short, it’s about women’s worth. There’s nothing more fundamental than that.” Women on average are paid 20 percent less than men. If you break the pay gap down by race and ethnicity, it is even worse: Black women are paid 37 percent less and Hispanic women are paid 46 percent less. Equal Pay Day marks how far all women need to work into 2017 to earn what men were paid in 2016. Because Black and Hispanic women face an even larger wage gap, they have to work until July 31 and November 2 respectively to catch up. The gender pay gap disadvantages women and impacts families’ ability to buy groceries, pay for child care, invest in their children’s education, and more. If we closed the gender pay gap, the average woman would make $530,000 more over the course of her career, and millions of women and families would be lifted out of poverty. If we closed the pay gap, women on average could afford 78 more weeks of groceries each year—for Black and Hispanic women it would mean 155 and 193 additional weeks of food respectively.   In support of #20PercentCounts, businesses in twenty-five U.S. cities from Boston to St. Louis to Atlanta are offering 20 percent discounts on everyday purchases from coffee to pizza to pet supplies. Salesforce, the #1 CRM company and an equal pay pioneer, provided a donation for in-store signage, online advertising, and local events to support the national rollout of #20PercentCounts. Leaders from the Lean In Circles program, a global network of small peer support groups, are spearheading this grassroots effort. With support from LeanIn.Org, leaders recruited participating businesses and are serving as spokespeople for the campaign in their communities. „Women accomplish amazing things when we work together,” said Rachel Thomas, president and co-founder of LeanIn.Org. „Hand in hand with the women in our Circles community, we’re shining a light on an issue that matters to all of us—and to all women around the world.” The idea to rally small businesses in support of equal pay was inspired by Lean In DC, a Chapter of Lean In Circles led by a group of millennial women in Washington, D.C. Since 2014, Lean In DC has partnered with local businesses to offer discounts commensurate with the gender pay gap, and this year they are playing a lead role in #20PercentCounts. The #20PercentCounts campaign is further amplified through large-scale partnerships with LUNA, Lyft, and P&G: LUNA is offering 20% off all LUNA Bars sold on lunabar.com (while supplies last) from April 3–11 and matching the discount amount with a donation of up to $100,000 to fund salary negotiation workshops in partnership with the American Association of University Women (AAUW) Lyft, which completes 20 million rides per month, is donating 20 percent of proceeds from rides taken in over 240 cities on April 4 to organizations that serve women and families—and will share the campaign with their customers via their app and online channels P&G is offering a rebate on its products through April 30 (via pre-paid card) and will be promoting the importance of equal pay to 46 million U.S. households All offers and details are available at leanin.org/equalpay. With support from all three partners, LeanIn.Org is also raising money for organizations that help women and families in need and provide resources to help them succeed, including AAUW, Boys & Girls Clubs of America, Dress for Success, and Feeding America. Produced by a largely female team in partnership with Funny Or Die and Hulu, LeanIn.Org’s campaign video illustrates the absurdity and unfairness of women receiving 20 percent less—from 20 percent less morning coffee to 20 percent less pay. Both companies are sharing the video with their audiences on funnyordie.com and hulu.com. The full video is available here: https://youtu.be/YE9wnpePsKU The #20PercentCounts campaign is supported by research-based information on the gender pay gap and the benefits of closing it. At leanin.org/equalpay, visitors can find the most recent data on the pay gap in the United States and globally, as well as steps companies can take to make sure they pay women fairly. This includes new research commissioned from the Institute for Women’s Policy Research that shows closing the pay gap would lift 3.1 million working women and their families out of poverty and add $513 billion in new income each year to the U.S. economy. LeanIn.Org is also working with the National Partnership for Women & Families to share state-level data on the gender pay gap and how much it costs women and their families in basic necessities such as food, rent, tuition, child care, and more. With the help of large-scale distribution and advertising partners—including Brit & Co, Facebook, Google, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, and YouTube—the campaign is reaching millions of people online. In addition, beginning in early summer Virgin America will play the campaign video and related educational videos from LeanIn.Org, including a new series on negotiation from Duke professor Ashleigh S. Rosette, on its in-flight entertainment system, RED. To participate in the campaign and help raise awareness of the gender pay gap, people are encouraged to post #20PercentCounts on social media. They can also visit leanin.org/equalpay to watch the campaign video and learn more about the gender pay gap. Quotes from Partner Companies: „The gender pay gap doesn’t just affect women—it affects entire families who depend on women’s incomes,” says AAUW Board Chair Patricia Fae Ho. „Women can’t afford to wait decades or longer for fair pay. We are so grateful to be a part of the #20PercentCounts initiative and get much-needed support for our salary negotiation workshops and AAUW’s advocacy and research on the gender pay gap.” „Female-headed households disproportionately experience food insecurity compared to other groups,” said Diana Aviv, CEO of Feeding America. „If we closed the pay gap, women could afford more food for their families.  We applaud LeanIn.Org for shining a light on Equal Pay Day and supporting our efforts to help ensure that women and families have the food and fuel they need to learn, grow, and work.” „We are committed to championing women in the push for equality—inspiring this generation to raise their voice so that the next generation of girls can focus on their efforts and not their paychecks,” said Kit Crawford, co-chief Visionary Officer of Clif Bar & Company and owner of the LUNA brand. „April 4th is Equal Pay Day, but our work to level the playing field doesn’t end here. We are proud to partner with LeanIn.Org and AAUW to work towards closing the gender pay gap and support equality for women everywhere.” „Lyft is proud to team up with LeanIn.Org to shed light on the gender pay gap and promote action on issues that affect women,” said Logan Green, CEO of Lyft. „We know that equal pay is just one of a number of barriers that women face in the workplace, and today we strive to do our part to grow awareness and support for bridging the pay gap.” „We are proud to support LeanIn.Org’s efforts to raise awareness about the pay gap between women and men,” said Carolyn Tastad, P&G Group President North America & Executive Sponsor Gender Equality. „P&G is passionately committed to equal pay. P&G is passionately committed to gender equality. We know that when women have the opportunity for full and equal representation that businesses perform better, economies thrive, communities are healthier, and the world is a better place—for all of us.” About LeanIn.Org LeanIn.Org is an initiative of the Sheryl Sandberg & Dave Goldberg Family Foundation to empower women to achieve their ambitions. LeanIn.Org offers inspiration and support through an online community, free education materials, and Lean In Circles, small groups of peers who meet regularly to learn and grow together. The Lean In community includes more than 1.5 million women and men and 32,000 Lean In Circles in more than 150 countries. The Sheryl Sandberg & Dave Goldberg Family Foundation is a private operating nonprofit organization under IRS section 501(c)(3). CONTACT: press@leanin.org To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leaninorg-launches-20percentcounts-for-equal-pay-day-2017-to-highlight-the-unfairness-of-the-gender-pay-gap-300433115.html SOURCE LeanIn.Org CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Social Responsibility, Not For Profit, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Coaches vs. Cancer Honors University of Kansas Head Basketball Coach Bill Self with the 2017 Champion Award Next PostNext Good2Go Auto Insurance® Becomes a Member of the National Safety Council as of April, 2017 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Follow @triplepundit 47.7k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit New Economy & Social Innovation Global Forum – With 3p Discount! NESI Forum 2017 is the unique Global Forum on New Economy and Social Innovation that brings together for the first time in history the main international representatives of the so-called New Economic Movements (NEMs). [REGISTER HERE] April 19-22: Malaga Spain Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit Walmart Boycott Over Climate Change Looming . . . Or Not by Tina Casey on Monday, Apr 3rd, 2017 Climate & Environment Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) A solar installation on a Walmart store in Mountain View, California. TriplePundit has been exploring the efficacy of boycotts, or lack thereof, and we could be on the verge of yet another test case. Retail giant Walmart has joined a growing list of companies to publicly oppose U.S. President Donald Trump over climate change and the rollback of the Clean Power Plan. That could set the stage for yet another boycott from the Breitbart organization. In recent months, Breitbart promoted boycotts of Kellogg, Nordstrom and Starbucks to no avail, so maybe the fourth time will be a charm. Walmart, Apple and GE zing Trump over climate change The news about the Walmart position on climate change broke last week. Bloomberg’s Christopher Flavelle picked out this money quote from a company statement: “This work is embedded in our business,” Walmart spokesman Kevin Gardner said in an email. It’s “good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win too.” Walmart is far from alone. Flavelle also cites Apple, quoted here in a joint statement with a number of other top tech companies including Amazon and Microsoft: “We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation and job growth,” Apple wrote. General Electric also weighed in early on the Clean Power Plan rollback. Politico got the inside scoop from an internal company blog post authored by CEO Jeffrey Immelt: “Companies must be resilient and learn to adjust to political volatility all over the world … Companies must have their own ‘foreign policy’ and create technology and solutions that address local needs for our customers and society.” People are going to freeze in the dark…not By way of counterpoint, Flavelle teased out this remark from Robert Murray, CEO of the coal company Murray Energy Corp.: “People are going to freeze in the dark because of the destruction of the reliable electric power grid under Obama and the Democrats … Mr. Trump is doing the right things.” However, Murray’s position seems to be an isolated one. Major U.S. companies have been transitioning to renewable energy for years, and they are not likely to slow down. The movement heated up considerably in 2015, when scores of companies joined the Barack Obama administration in a concerted effort to support a strong U.S. position on decarbonization, in advance of the Paris climate talks. The administration’s so-named American Business Act on Climate Pledge launched in July 2015 with 13 companies, including Walmart. That number ballooned to 81 in only three months. Also in advance of the climate talks, in September 2015 nine Fortune 500 companies joined the RE100 pledge for 100 percent renewable energy. Walmart was there, too, along with Goldman Sachs, Johnson & Johnson, Nike, Procter & Gamble, Salesforce, Starbucks, Steelcase and Voya Financial. And those pledges were not all hot air. In 2015 The Rocky Mountain Institute’s Business Renewables Center totaled up the results for its initiative to streamline clean power purchases for the business community: “BRC companies now represent total annual revenues of $1.3 trillion, global annual electricity consumption of 41.7 TWh (equivalent to around 3.8 million American homes), and for publicly traded companies, a collective market capitalization of $2.14 trillion.” Here’s a snip from the BRC blog: “New corporate members include Autodesk, Avery Dennison, Cisco, Digital Realty, EMC Corporation, Equinix, Etsy, FedEx, Microsoft, Starwood Hotels, Steelcase, Workday, Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Yahoo!, and others. “New sponsors include 3Degrees, Affordable Solar, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Capital Power, Community Energy, Duke Energy Renewables, EDF Renewable Energy, Gaelectric, Iberdrola Renewables, Infinity Wind Power, K&L Gates, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, ReneSola, Renewable Energy Systems Americas, Sempra U.S. Gas & Power, SoCore Energy, SolarCity, Sol Systems, Tradewind Energy, and WSP Group.” The Walmart name pops up again here, too. Walmart was an early client of the Rocky Mountain Institute, calling on the organization to advise it on store and transportation sustainability back in 2006. So, are we going to boycott Walmart? Breitbart tested the Walmart boycott waters in December 2016, when it zinged the company for providing third-party sales of “Bulletproof/Black Lives Matter” clothing on its website, while banning the sale of Confederate flag-themed merchandise. Walmart quickly dropped the line before any meaningful boycott got under way. That looks like a case of no harm, no foul — the Bulletproof line certainly wasn’t central to Walmart’s business (or, for that matter, the third-party seller), and dropping it barely made a ripple in the Walmart pond. The Clean Power Plan rollback is a different story altogether. The threat of negative publicity was sufficient to force Walmart into a quick behavior change before the Bulletproof issue snowballed. But forcing the company to alter its behavior on climate change would require a substantial change in its day-to-day operations as well as long-term plans. Walmart has taken plenty of hits for its employment policies but it continues to set a high bar for action on climate change, and those strategies are deeply entwined with its business model. A 10-year relationship (and counting) with the Environmental Defense Fund is one factor that has enabled the company to reach deep into its own operations — and those of its supply chain — for decarbonization strategies. As Walmart raises the sustainability bar, the company will continue to come into conflict with Trump administration policies. That ups the opportunities for Breitbart — a staunch advocate for President Trump with close ties to the administration — to push back. So far, Walmart is walking a careful line on its support for the Trump administration. But in addition to climate change, the company also staked out an opposing position on Trump’s border tax. Trump’s travel restrictions could also become another point of conflict that makes Walmart ripe for a boycott by Trump supporters. Given the Breitbart track record on boycotts in recent months, though, the chances for a successful campaign are slim to none. In the meantime, Breitbart is suffering through a boycott of its own. The Sleeping Giants boycott campaign now stands at more than 1,700 companies that have blocked automatic ad buys from appearing on the Breitbart site, and it shows no signs of slowing down. Photo: Solar installation on Mountain View, California Walmart store courtesy of Wal-Mart via flickr.com, creative commons license. Climate & Environment Recent headlines from the 4542 articles in this category: Climate Change Policies and Federal Funding Cuts Could Impact Military, Developing Nations Walmart Boycott Over Climate Change Looming . . . Or Not Toy Recycling Gets a Boost from Tom’s of Maine and TerraCycle Tina is a career public information specialist and former Deputy Director of Public Affairs of the New York City Department of Environmental Protection, and author of books and articles on recycling and other conservation themes. She writes frequently on sustainable tech issues for Triple Pundit and other websites, with a focus on military, government and corporate sustainability, and she is currently Deputy Director of Public Information for the County of Union, New Jersey. Follow Tina Casey @TinaMCasey Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Social Media Like Follow Follow This video about a transgender mother tugs at your heartstrings 1.3k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? By Sohini Mitter2017-04-03 07:50:35 UTC Transgender rights is a sensitive issue in India. And elsewhere too.  But this new ad film from P&G for its cough medication brand, Vicks, hits all the right notes and passes on an important message — motherhood transcends gender.  SEE ALSO: Moving ACLU video tells the story of a trans teen who could make history Touch of Care traces the journey of a real-life transgender activist, Gauri Sawant (who plays herself in the video), who overcame all odds to adopt and raise an orphaned girl. The story is narrated charmingly by her daughter.    It has been viewed nearly 5 million times on social media.  The film tugs at your heartstrings. You might want to keep some tissues handy!  Dude smokes weed with his grandma for the first time, and it's adorable Watch a T. rex bust out some Jurassic Parkour with its tiny, adorable arms We can't stop watching this video of stuff in reverse Mattress flies off a truck, causes accident and also saves the day Topics: adoption, Advertising, Family & Parenting, Jobs, Marketing, Media, Social Good, Social Media, LGBT, transgender rights, Video, viral video, Watercooler About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Roku Offers Audience Guarantees to Advertisers By Jeanine Poggi - 2 hours ago Array 0 Final Deadline to Enter Ad Age's Young Creatives Cover Contest Is April 20 4 hours ago Array 0 Crocs Tries Reboot With New Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 4 hours ago Array 0 Bad Ref Call Hurts Credibility of All Sports Brands By Rance Crain - 4 hours ago Array 0 Instagram's First Global Stories Campaign Keeps the Heat on Snapchat By Lindsay Stein - 4 hours ago Array 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago 0 YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo - 11 hours ago 0 Instagram's First Global Stories Campaign Keeps the Heat on Snapchat By Lindsay Stein - 4 hours ago 0 Crocs Tries Reboot With New Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 4 hours ago 0 Hear Tagline Episode 3: Wyclef Jean Talks Creativity, Music and Politics 4 hours ago 0 YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo - 10 hours ago 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - 3 hours ago 0 See Brands Live-Tweet the NCAA Final - 2 days ago 0 Instagram's First Global Stories Campaign Keeps the Heat on Snapchat By Lindsay Stein - 3 hours ago 0 Crocs Tries Reboot With New Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 3 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo. Published on April 03, 2017. YouTube is searching for ways out of an abrupt advertiser revolt that has seen some of the world's largest marketers suspend spending with the platform. Credit: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Most Popular Marketers will soon have more options at their disposal when advertising on YouTube, which said that it's working with third-party brand-safety vendors like DoubleVerify and Integral Ad Science to assure marketers that their budgets won't wind up paying for ads on violent, offensive or otherwise unsavory content. YouTube parent Google said it will work with companies that are accredited by the ad industry's Media Ratings Council for new verification tools, but didn't provide an exact timeline for when those tools would be available. The full list of approved partners was also not immediately available. After the rise of fake news sites where marketers were attacked for appearing, companies like DoubleVerify pounced on the opportunity to provide media-agency networks such as GroupM with better brand safety tools. Since press reports of ads supporting terrorist video on YouTube sparked a full-fledged advertiser revolt last month, the focus has shifted. Advertisers including AT&T, Verizon, PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble have frozen spending on YouTube because of brand safety concerns. Agency holding companies WPP and Omnicom said they'll provide brand safety tools for marketers so they can still advertise on YouTube, but it's unclear whether or not their clients' concerns have been assuaged. Although Google's move seems like a step toward resolving YouTube's sudden ad crisis, DoubleVerify said it's unsure what's supposed to happen next. "As of yet, we haven't received any details on the solution that they are planning," a DoubleVerify representative said. Related Stories The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands The move comes nearly two weeks after YouTube Chief Business Officer Philipp Schindler said the company would be conducting an extensive review regarding its advertising policies and tools. Mr. Schindler publicly apologized shortly after reports that major brands had their ads run on offensive or extremist content on YouTube. A Google representative told Ad Age its recent move is an integration and not an API that any outside vendor can use, meaning that its brand safety tools will be separate from WPP and Omnicom's offerings. Further information was not immediately available. In this article: Ad Tech Digital Digital Video Mobile Programmatic Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
blog news articles page Contact us Old Dominion University Old Dominion University blog Nrotc scholarship essay outline De voedingspiramide Date: 2017-04-04 04:45 More videos «Nrotc scholarship essay outline» THE FOLLOWERSHIP EXCHANGE / FrontPage Boutique de Bérets Basque personnalisés - Musée Du Béret /~ jik/src/Attic/kerberos_ password Chaleff, new book release: Intelligent Disobedience: Doing Right When What You're Told to Do is Wrong. Nearly every week we read about a tragedy or scandal that could have been prevented if individuals had said no to ill-advised or illegitimate orders. THE FOLLOWERSHIP EXCHANGE / FrontPage Practical assessment of the risks and benefits of leading from below that argues that doing so effectively benefits the organization and all concerned/ Boutique de Bérets Basque personnalisés - Musée Du Béret Over 855 Academic Majors Registered Users will see Academic Majors that match their profile along with corresponding Wage and Salary information associated with the potential occupational outcomes of that specific Academic Program(s). VIEW ALL MAJORS /~ jik/src/Attic/kerberos_ password ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Cornelis Ilse Alain Van Hiel David De Cremer , " Birds of a feather: Leader-follower similarity and procedural fairness effects on cooperation ," European Journal of Work and Organizational Psychology , 59 /69/65 In this section you will find over 655 Course Outlines. Each Course Outline identifies year of study, gives a quick summary of the course, provides overall Objectives, discusses the Topics that will be covered, and details the types of assignments to expect. VIEW ALL This brings to mind the work (culture) we were doing at DuPont 75-75 years ago. Efforts there were an off shoot of Charles Krone's discourses. We called it "Krone technology". W. L. Gore has been a poster child for this sort of work culture since its inception. I talked to a colleague last week who did the same thing at Proctor and Gamble about the same time. For more (cerebral) information see Carol Sanford's " A Theory and Practice System of 'Systems Thinking': With an Executive’s Story of the Power of 'Developmental' and 'Evolutionary' Systems Thinking: 7559 (.pdf) Although this article describes the problems faced by college presidents when they do not receive good advice, it is applicable to many hierarchical situations. The author underscores why advice from followers is critical to a chief administrator's well being and how to facilitate an atmosphere in which good, candid advice is forthcoming. [Download article after clicking] "I'm willing to pay for quality followers. I am even willing to pay an extra premium to find them. However, business-school faculty, who are pretending everyone will be able to be a leader, are undermining my efforts." Article discusses the etiquette of physically standing up when a leader's presence demands that sort of deference. What is important, the author asserts. are the feelings and motives behind such an action and how that action ratifies or amplifies a leader's sense of power. «Nrotc scholarship essay outline» in pictures. More images «Nrotc scholarship essay outline». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml | News
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Boosting the Dry Laundry Detergents Market by 2021 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/03/2017 — The global market for dry laundry detergent is expected to witness moderate growth on account stronger demand from key market such as hotels, restaurants and hospitals stimulating revenue growth. In addition, higher disposable income and improving employment rates in emerging countries such as China and India are also expected to spur demand for dry laundry products. Dry Laundry Detergents Market: Request to view Table of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/4291 Factors such as continuing trend towards business-casual clothing coupled with the postrecession bounce and employment gains, which are further prompting greater overall demand for professional clothing cleaning is expected to boost the demand for dry laundry detergents. However, increasing environmental regulations regarding the use of commonly used solvent in dry laundry such asperchloroethylene (perc), is expected to slow the growth of the market. Increasing R&D activities towards developing innovative and safe detergents is anticipated to provide new opportunities for the growth of the market. North America was the largest consumer for dry laundry detergents, followed by Europe. However, Asia Pacific is expected to witness significant growth over the forecast period owing to growing implementation of inexpensive dry cleaning and launder services such as household dryers and washer, and home-use dry cleaning kits. Sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/4291 AkzoNobel, Amway, BASF SE, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., DuPont, Henkel AG, Procter & Gamble, The Dow Chemical Company, and Unilever are some of the key manufacturers of dry laundry detergents dominating market. Key geographies evaluated in this report are: -North America U.S Canada -Europe France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the UK Eastern Europe CIS -APAC China India Japan Australia Others -Latin America Argentina Brazil Others Key features of this report -Drivers, restraints, and challenges shaping the Dry Laundry Detergents market dynamics -Latest innovations and key events in the industry -Analysis of business strategies of the top players -Dry Laundry Detergents market estimates and forecasts(2015 -2021) About Persistence Market Research Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a full-service market intelligence firm specializing in syndicated research, custom research, and consulting services. PMR boasts market research expertise across the Healthcare, Chemicals and Materials, Technology and Media, Energy and Mining, Food and Beverages, Semiconductor and Electronics, Consumer Goods, and Shipping and Transportation industries. The company draws from its multi-disciplinary capabilities and high-pedigree team of analysts to share data that precisely corresponds to clients’ business needs. PMR stands committed to bringing more accuracy and speed to clients’ business decisions. From ready-to-purchase market research reports to customized research solutions, PMR’s engagement models are highly flexible without compromising on its deep-seated research values. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Control Valves Industry and Market Studies Research Report 2025 Next PostNext Collagen Market 2017: Trends, Business Strategies and Opportunities with Key Players Analysis Search Recent Posts PetroShale Announces Filing of Final Prospectus and Entering Into of Agency Agreement INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against HMS Holdings Corp. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER NOTICE: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Global Airline Market 2017- American Airlines, United Airlines, Delta Airlines, Lufthansa Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Like Towleroad Daily Resist POLITICS Travel Music Theatre Film TV Sports Nature Business Men Marriage Equality Space Trans Rights Books Science Gay Iconography TowleREAD BREAKING: St. Petersburg, Melania Trump, Justin Trudeau, Zac Efron, Zachary Quinto, Rainbow Flag: HOT LINKS Powerful Vicks Ad About an Orphaned Indian Girl Adopted By a Transgender Woman Goes Viral: WATCH PreviousPrevious StorySt. Petersburg, Melania Trump, Justin Trudeau, Zac Efron, Zachary Quinto, Rainbow Flag: HOT LINKS NextNext StorySenate Set for ‘Nuclear’ Showdown Over SCOTUS Nominee Neil Gorsuch by Michael Fitzgerald April 3, 2017 | 4:59pm Share35 Comments A new ad for Procter & Gamble brand Vicks tells the story of an orphaned girl who is adopted by a transgender woman. Aimed predominantly at the Indian market, the Publicis Singapore ad which aims to “redefine family care for contemporary India,” is narrated by the orphaned girl who tells the story of how she came to be adopted by her mother, Gauri. RELATED: LGBT Hotel Chain Wants You To Be ‘Heterofriendly’ – WATCH Creativity reports: She describes how her mother, Gauri, loved and cared for her, how she pushes her academically to become a doctor and how they love to spend time together eating their favorite food and watching horror movies. However, at the end of the spot, which is beautifully directed by Neeraj Ghaywan, as we finally see the mother, it’s revealed that Gauri is in fact transgender. Gayatri also reveals that she wants to be a lawyer, not a doctor, as she feels that her mother is denied “basic human rights.” The spot is part of a campaign centered around the tagline “Touch of Care,” aimed at reasserting the importance of family care while challenging and seeking to redefine what family is in contemporary society. In a statement, Nitin Darbari, chairman and CEO, P&G Teva JV China, marketing director Asia, Middle East and Africa, said: “Vicks has always been about the gentle touch of a mother’s care, as she caresses and gives relief to her child. With the #TouchOfCare campaign we are going a step further and expounding the importance of care beyond just the traditional perception of family. The campaign shows how people who, though not connected by blood, end up being family through care itself.” Watch the ad below. PreviousPrevious StorySt. Petersburg, Melania Trump, Justin Trudeau, Zac Efron, Zachary Quinto, Rainbow Flag: HOT LINKS NextNext StorySenate Set for ‘Nuclear’ Showdown Over SCOTUS Nominee Neil Gorsuch Share35 Like35 Comments Posted April 3, 2017 at 4:59pm ETC by Michael Fitzgerald in business, Transgender, Vicks Follow Us Like Towleroad Towleroad Video Gay ‘Catfish’ Speaks Out: ‘It’s Like a Last Hope That Maybe Someone Will Still Love Me’ – WATCH Share34 Like34 Senate Set for ‘Nuclear’ Showdown Over SCOTUS Nominee Neil Gorsuch Share43 Like43 Powerful Vicks Ad About an Orphaned Indian Girl Adopted By a Transgender Woman Goes Viral: WATCH Share35 Like35 St. Petersburg, Melania Trump, Justin Trudeau, Zac Efron, Zachary Quinto, Rainbow Flag: HOT LINKS Share15 Like15 Rep. Eric Swalwell Smacks Down FOX & Friends Panel Over Trump Surveillance Claims: WATCH Share66 Like66 Senate Judiciary Committee Votes on Neil Gorsuch: Watch LIVE Share25 Like25 Hunk of the Day 26-Year-Old Porter Harry Neale Flexes His Talent for British Stage Competition ‘Let It Shine’ – WATCH Share79 Like79 Columns Film Review Two New Movies You Might Like: ‘Boss Baby’ and ‘The Zookeeper’s Wife’ Recap Root Root Root For the Home Queen With This Week’s ‘Drag Race’ Rankings TowleREAD Martin Duberman’s ‘Jews Queers Germans’ Probes the Gay Underground of Pre-Nazi Germany Theatre Review ‘Miss Saigon’ Is Back on Broadway, Older But None the Wiser: REVIEW Recap The Post-‘Baby Jane’ Bump On ‘Feud: Bette and Joan’ – RECAP Theatre Review Jake Gyllenhaal and Glenn Close are Slaying Broadway — and Resurrecting This Double Standard Film Review Disney’s New/Old ‘Beauty and the Beast’: REVIEW Theatre Review Sally Field Is Starring in ‘The Glass Menagerie’ on Broadway — and You’ll Really Like Her: REVIEW Theatre Review The ‘70s Gay Bar of Your Dreams Is Alive in ‘The View UpStairs’ Off-Broadway: REVIEW New Music NEW MUSIC: Ed Sheeran, Bleached, Leonard Cohen, GANGLY Latest Posts Brooklyn Rapper Mousey Baby Faces 25 Years For Stabbing Two Gay Men: VIDEO7 hours ago Gay ‘Catfish’ Speaks Out: ‘It’s Like a Last Hope That Maybe Someone Will Still Love Me’ – WATCH8 hours ago Senate Set for ‘Nuclear’ Showdown Over SCOTUS Nominee Neil Gorsuch9 hours ago St. Petersburg, Melania Trump, Justin Trudeau, Zac Efron, Zachary Quinto, Rainbow Flag: HOT LINKS12 hours ago ‘L.A. Times’ Publishes Part 2 of Savage Denunciation of ‘Liar in Chief’ Donald Trump13 hours ago Here’s a New Climate Change Reality That Trump’s New Policies Ignore14 hours ago Two New Movies You Might Like: ‘Boss Baby’ and ‘The Zookeeper’s Wife’14 hours ago ‘Mamma Mia,’ ‘Absolutely Fabulous’, Sally Field’s ‘Hello My Name is Doris’ and more films streaming in April15 hours ago Rep. Eric Swalwell Smacks Down FOX & Friends Panel Over Trump Surveillance Claims: WATCH15 hours ago Senate Judiciary Committee Votes on Neil Gorsuch: Watch LIVE16 hours ago Kremlin Spokesman: Russia Will Look Into Reports That 100 Gay Men Were Rounded Up and Some Killed16 hours ago Queer Dance Party Twerks on Ivanka Trump’s House: WATCH16 hours ago ‘Feud’ Serves Up Award-Worthy Drama with 1963 Oscars Gut Punch: RECAP17 hours ago Dutch Lawmakers Hold Hands in Moving Show of Solidarity with Gay Couple Who Were Brutally Attacked17 hours ago Gay Couple Holding Hands Attacked by Homophobic Teens with Bolt Cutters18 hours ago Jared Kushner is on an Official Trip to Iraq18 hours ago John Oliver Pushes for Federal Legalization of Marijuana, aka ‘Catnip for People’ – WATCH19 hours ago SF Gay Men’s Chorus Member Dies During Concert Intermission19 hours ago Pat McCrory: HRC ‘Lost the Battle’ and ‘Did Not Get a Full Repeal of HB2’19 hours ago Police in Chechnya Rounding Up Gay Men and Killing Them: REPORT2 days ago You Might Also Like Transgender Powerful Vicks Ad About an Orphaned Indian Girl Adopted By a Transgender Woman Goes Viral: WATCH Transgender HB2 May Be Gone, But Discrimination Lives on in North Carolina: Here’s the Bad News discrimination Sounding ‘Gay’ Could Cost You Your Next Job or a Chance at a Higher Salary: STUDY Transgender Restaurant Owner Warns Transgender Customers: Don’t Be Caught in the Wrong Bathroom – WATCH Transgender Texas Senate Gives Initial Approval to Anti-Transgender ‘Bathroom Bill’; Final Vote Likely Today discrimination Matt Baume: What’s Really Behind Anti-Trans Bathroom Bans? Latest Posts Brooklyn Rapper Mousey Baby Faces 25 Years For Stabbing Two Gay Men: VIDEO Brooklyn rapper Mousey Baby has been charged with a hate crime after he verbally abused and slashed two men because he thought they were gay. It is alleged that in May last year, Mousey Baby – aka James Thomas – barged into a Crown Fried… Read Gay ‘Catfish’ Speaks Out: ‘It’s Like a Last Hope That Maybe Someone Will Still Love Me’ – WATCH Vlogger Davey Wavey put out a call for a gay “catfish” several months ago. For those unfamiliar with the term, which originated in a 2010 documentary by Nev Schulman about people who use other people’s photos to establish fake ident… Read Senate Set for ‘Nuclear’ Showdown Over SCOTUS Nominee Neil Gorsuch The Senate Judiciary Committee advanced Neil Gorsuch’s Supreme Court nomination to a full vote in the U.S. Senate. Democrats reached the 14 votes necessary to block Gorsuch’s nomination via filibuster, setting the stage for an unprecedent… Read Powerful Vicks Ad About an Orphaned Indian Girl Adopted By a Transgender Woman Goes Viral: WATCH A new ad for Procter & Gamble brand Vicks tells the story of an orphaned girl who is adopted by a transgender woman. Aimed predominantly at the Indian market, the Publicis Singapore ad which aims to “redefine family care for contemporary India,”… Read St. Petersburg, Melania Trump, Justin Trudeau, Zac Efron, Zachary Quinto, Rainbow Flag: HOT LINKS ST. PETERSBURG. 10 dead, dozens injured after subway explosion. “The explosion occurred on a subway train traveling between the Technology Institute and Sennaya Square stations, according to the Investigative Committee, Russia’s federal crimina… Read ‘L.A. Times’ Publishes Part 2 of Savage Denunciation of ‘Liar in Chief’ Donald Trump The L.A. Times today published part two of a savage editorial denouncing Donald Trump, the “liar in chief” and it should be required reading. From Part 2: He has made himself the stooge, the mark, for every crazy blogger, political quack,… Read Here’s a New Climate Change Reality That Trump’s New Policies Ignore President Donald Trump may be trying to scrub his predecessor’s initiatives to fight climate change from just about every corner of the federal government — Exhibit A being this week’s executive order aimed at undoing Barack Obama’s Clean Power… Read Two New Movies You Might Like: ‘Boss Baby’ and ‘The Zookeeper’s Wife’ With a childish man-baby terrorizing us from the White House who needs a movie about one? Shocked as I am to say this… “surprise!,” the weekend’s #1 film THE BOSS BABY is actually good.  For those fearing a one-joke gimmick fi… Read ‘Mamma Mia,’ ‘Absolutely Fabulous’, Sally Field’s ‘Hello My Name is Doris’ and more films streaming in April Looking for something to stream while you Netflix and chill? Check out our picks for new films streaming this month below, including Absolutely Fabulous, Mamma Mia and The D Train. Happy Endings (2005), available April 1 on Hulu Written and directed… Read Rep. Eric Swalwell Smacks Down FOX & Friends Panel Over Trump Surveillance Claims: WATCH Following an early morning tweet from Donald Trump praising FOX & Friends for their “amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us”, House Intelligence Committee member Rep. Eric Swalwell smacked down the FOX &… Read Most Commented Hot Reads Neil Gorsuch is Trump’s Terrible, No Good Nominee for the Supreme Court: An Analysis 2017 Resolutions All Gay Men Should Consider Comedian Eric Andre: The Gay Interview Straight Journalist Cruises Grindr at the Olympics, Outs Athletes From Anti-Gay Countries There Was a ‘Gays for Trump’ Party at the RNC and It Was Absolutely Insane – VIDEOS, PHOTOS Frank Ocean Pens Emotional Response to Orlando Shooting Noah Galvin From ‘The Real O’Neals’ On Sitcoms, Subversiveness, and Dan Savage: INTERVIEW Michelle Visage Spills The T On ‘Drag Race,’ ‘Big Brother’ and the Election — INTERVIEW Pietro Boselli’s Hard, Wet Ride in a Speedo – LOOK Today's News Jump To Day: Choose Brooklyn Rapper Mousey Baby Faces 25 Years For Stabbing Two Gay Men: VIDEO Gay ‘Catfish’ Speaks Out: ‘It’s Like a Last Hope That Maybe Someone Will Still Love Me’ – WATCH Senate Set for ‘Nuclear’ Showdown Over SCOTUS Nominee Neil Gorsuch Powerful Vicks Ad About an Orphaned Indian Girl Adopted By a Transgender Woman Goes Viral: WATCH St. Petersburg, Melania Trump, Justin Trudeau, Zac Efron, Zachary Quinto, Rainbow Flag: HOT LINKS ‘L.A. Times’ Publishes Part 2 of Savage Denunciation of ‘Liar in Chief’ Donald Trump Here’s a New Climate Change Reality That Trump’s New Policies Ignore Two New Movies You Might Like: ‘Boss Baby’ and ‘The Zookeeper’s Wife’ ‘Mamma Mia,’ ‘Absolutely Fabulous’, Sally Field’s ‘Hello My Name is Doris’ and more films streaming in April Rep. Eric Swalwell Smacks Down FOX & Friends Panel Over Trump Surveillance Claims: WATCH Senate Judiciary Committee Votes on Neil Gorsuch: Watch LIVE Kremlin Spokesman: Russia Will Look Into Reports That 100 Gay Men Were Rounded Up and Some Killed Queer Dance Party Twerks on Ivanka Trump’s House: WATCH ‘Feud’ Serves Up Award-Worthy Drama with 1963 Oscars Gut Punch: RECAP Dutch Lawmakers Hold Hands in Moving Show of Solidarity with Gay Couple Who Were Brutally Attacked Gay Couple Holding Hands Attacked by Homophobic Teens with Bolt Cutters Jared Kushner is on an Official Trip to Iraq John Oliver Pushes for Federal Legalization of Marijuana, aka ‘Catnip for People’ – WATCH SF Gay Men’s Chorus Member Dies During Concert Intermission Pat McCrory: HRC ‘Lost the Battle’ and ‘Did Not Get a Full Repeal of HB2’ Share This Share3.3k Like3.3k Read Politics Travel Film Theatre Television Science Law – LGBT Rights Columns Specials About Advertise Contact Us About Towleroad Contributors Towleroad on Social Media Privacy Policy Follow Us © 2014 Towleroad. All Rights Reserved.
&lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; close &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; close   SEARCH THE SITE | CONTACT US NEWS ENTERTAINMENT & EVENTS COMMUNITY SCHOOLS ARTS & CULTURE MENU NEWS back NEWS NOW THE LATEST CRIME GOVERNMENT EDUCATION BUSINESS SPORTS OPINION ENTERTAINMENT & EVENTS back EVENTS PREVIEWS NIGHTLIFE DINING COMMUNITY back COMMUNITY NEWS EDUCATION GOVERNMENT GIVING BACK GATHERING PEOPLE FAITH SCHOOLS back FEATURES SCHOOL NEWS SCHOOL EVENTS SPORTS COMMUNITY SERVICE ACADEMICS THE ARTS FOCUS ON LEARNING ARTS & CULTURE back MUSIC THEATRE VISUAL ARTS DANCE HISTORY SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY DESIGN LITERARY ARTS PASADENA LIVING back SHOPPING & SALES BEAUTY HEALTH FASHION & STYLE IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU REAL ESTATE AT HOME IN THE GARDEN FOOD & DRINK FOOD & DRINK EXTRAS back NEWS AROUND TOWN CITY SPORTS SCHOOLS TRAVEL CARS PHOTOGALLERIES SOCIAL SCENE REAL ESTATE RESTAURANTS & BARS ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SOCIAL MEDIA CENTRAL LEADING LAWYERS EXTRAS REPORT BREAKING NEWS Where else can you get this much daily news and information about Pasadena? | 111,505 monthly readers | 21,410 email subscribers | 69,000 Social Media followers Five Acres announces Corporate Partnership with Gamble Jones Investment Counsel From STAFF REPORTS Published : Monday, April 3, 2017 | 12:34 PM Five Acres, a child and family service organization, and Gamble Jones Investment Counsel, a leader in wealth management, have announced a strategic partnership in conjunction with Five Acres’ new Corporate Partnership Program. The partnership provides Five Acres and Gamble Jones the opportunity to heighten the visibility of both agencies and advocate for the more than 20,000 children currently living in foster care in L.A. County. The new partnership highlights both agencies’ commitment to the safety and well-being of the children and families in our community. Gamble Jones Investment Counsel will partner with Five Acres for the annual advocacy campaign promoting National Child Abuse Prevention Month this April, rooted in community awareness, safety, and keeping families together. The corporate partnership will include co-branding of the two agencies, in-service days, and a cross promotion of both of their services. “We know the importance of investing in our community and we are proud to partner with Five Acres – an amazing organization that has served children and families for over 129 years!” said Alison Gamble, President of Gamble Jones Investment Counsel. Gamble Jones was founded in 1956 to serve the investment needs of individuals, families and non-profit organizations. Managing over $1 billion in client assets, Gamble Jones Investment Counsel serves clients through a seasoned team of relationship managers, investment analysts and a Client Service Team. Gamble Jones founder, James N. Gamble, was the great grandson of David Gamble, founder of Proctor and Gamble. Jim’s vision in 1956 was to create a firm that could do more than exclusively offer portfolio management advice. He wanted the firm to be a family office that could serve as a resource for clients in the numerous areas of their finances as well. “Partnering with Gamble Jones, a longstanding community establishment with a shared mission of serving the needs of children and families in our backyard, is a privilege for Five Acres and an opportunity with their support to expand more awareness of the critical need of keeping families safe and intact. Thank you Gamble Jones for your care and heart!” said Jennifer Berger, Five Acres Chief Advancement Officer. Five Acres is a child and family service agency ensuring every child has a safe, healthy and permanent family solution through advocacy, prevention and evidence-based services. Established as an orphanage in 1888, today Five Acres offers programs spanning a full continuum of care including community – based counseling and support services, intensive residential care, a therapeutic school for special needs students, and foster care and adoption services. In 2015, Five Acres served over 8,700 children and their families across five counties. Visit 5acres.org for more information. Read Previous Post Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Travel to Iceland with the Pasadena Chamber to See the Northern Lights in December MEMAH Welcomes New Board Members While Preparing for their 2017 Gala Pasadena Public Library Presents Poetry Slam 2017 PASADENA NOW Pasadena Now has been published daily since April, 2004 and is among the very oldest continously operated community news websites in the U.S. Pasadena Now strives to publish a full spectrum of news and information articles in service to the entire community. The publication will remain free to readers and will not erect paywalls. Pasadena Now strives to provide factual, unbiased reporting. Our opinion section is open to all. © 2016-2017 PASADENA NOW. LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED COMPANY INFO CONTACT ADVERTISE CONNECT & SHARE RSS FEEDS Click Headings for Section Home Pages Click here for Front Page Local News NEWS NOW Meetings Set to Gather Community Input About Marijuana Regulations for Pasadena Pasadena Police Release Suspect Vehicle Description in Double Homicide Case This Week’s Social Scene THE LATEST Pasadena Police Chief Recaps Recent Critical Incidents Gunmen Target Pomona Man in Early Morning Shooting Visionaries to Create, Exchange Innovative Ideas at Pasadena Startups Conference CRIME Man Pleads Guilty to Shooting at Pasadena Police Officer Reward Extended in Altadena Murder Case Police Sieze Nine Firearms and Arrest Multiple Armed Suspects in the Weekend’s Spate of Shootings PUBLIC SAFETY Pasadena Woman Killed As Roommates Argued Identified by Coroner Homeless Man Victim of Strong Arm Robbery in Central Park Pasadena Police Chief Recaps Recent Critical Incidents GOVERNMENT Pasadena, Consultant Receive Award for the Arroyo Seco Music and Arts Festival Environmental Impact Report This Week in Pasadena City Government City Convenes Community Meetings to Discuss Converting Tennis Courts into Pickleball Courts EDUCATION John Muir High School Principal Tim Sippel Announces Departure Pasadena Unified Parent Summit Announced for Saturday, April 8 Caltech Postdoctoral Students Plan March for Science to Counter “Mischaracterization of Science as a Partisan Issue” BUSINESS Vallarta Markets Moving Ahead With Renovation Plans, Will Take Over Vons Site in Renaissance Plaza by November Pasadena Engineering Firm Wins NASA Goddard Space Flight Center Contract Pasadena’s Rekon Technologies Makes HousingWire’s TECH100 Four Consecutive Years SPORTS Boys Volleyball: Dalgarn, Retting Keep La Salle Hot; Lancers Sweep Bosco Tech, Closing in on St. Genevieve Baseball: Maranatha Baseball Ranked No. 1 in New CIF Poll; Minutemen Preparing to Make Deep Playoff Run Maranatha High School Boys Varsity Tennis Beat Tarbut V Torah 16-2 OPINION Guest Opinion | Keep Principal Juan Ruelas At Madison Elementary School Shirlee Smith | You Never Know Who You Are Gonna Bump Into Guest Opinion | Phil Hosp: An Insight and Measure of Character Click for Events Home Events by Date What's On Today 8:00 a.m. ShopTalk Breakfast The Governor s Office Wants to Help You 9:00 a.m. Altadena Chamber of Commerce Monthly Meeting 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. Infant Toddler Storytime Spring Session Registration 9:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. Stay Connected with Social Media 9:30 a.m. - 11:30 a.m. A Toast to the Joys of Music 10:00 a.m. Smart Phones Tablets and Computers Any Questions Event Search WhatYou are searching... All Altadena Event Art Benefits Business Children Classical Music Convention Center Dance Education Food & Wine Gardens Green Health Holiday Innovation & Technology Jazz Lectures Music Nightlife Openings/Closings Readings and Signings Shopping & Sales South Pasadena Event Special Events Sports Technology Theatre Tours Date All Dates Today Tomorrow The Weekend The Next 7 days Choose a date range EVENTS PREVIEWS Travel to Iceland with the Pasadena Chamber to See the Northern Lights in December Pasadena Public Library Presents Poetry Slam 2017 Professional Child Development Associates Announce Move-A-Thon Free Family Fun Day and Resource Fair at Brookside Park in Pasadena Altadena Library Second Saturday Concert Presents The Louis Van Taylor Quintet NIGHTLIFE Your Pasadena Live Music Round Up Lovable Cynic Alonzo Bodden Returns Joey Diaz and Eric Blake on New Year’s Eve at the Ice House Comedy Club According to Jim’s Jim Belushi Returns with The Board of Comedy DINING Savor Spring at True Food Kitchen The Perfect Spot for a Pint and a Bite Chow Down on Classic American Food at The Stand Cele-bundt a Sweet Birthday Community Click Headings for Section Home Pages COMMUNITY NEWS Professional Child Development Associates Announce Move-A-Thon Free Family Fun Day and Resource Fair at Brookside Park in Pasadena Foothill Family Receives 2017 Work-Life Seal of Distinction Award Assistance League of Pasadena Announces Prospective Member Coffee Event In a Time of Divisiveness Across America, Pasadena Festival Seeks Level Ground EDUCATION John Muir High School Principal Tim Sippel Announces Departure Pasadena Unified Parent Summit Announced for Saturday, April 8 Caltech Postdoctoral Students Plan March for Science to Counter “Mischaracterization of Science as a Partisan Issue” Pasadena City College Announces Tuition-Free ‘PCC Promise’ Program for High School Graduates GOVERNMENT Pasadena, Consultant Receive Award for the Arroyo Seco Music and Arts Festival Environmental Impact Report This Week in Pasadena City Government City Convenes Community Meetings to Discuss Converting Tennis Courts into Pickleball Courts Pasadena Tenant Protection Ordinance Amendments Go Before City Council at Monday Meeting GIVING BACK Five Acres announces Corporate Partnership with Gamble Jones Investment Counsel Five Acres Announces Corporate Partnership with Gamble Jones Investment Counsel Altadena Children’s Center Announces Gala Date, Honorees Masters of Taste 2017 Whets Appetites with Sneak Preview GATHERINGS El Portal Celebrates 22 Years Women with Cancer Enjoy Day of Pampering Soroptimists Host ‘For the Love of Women’ Luncheon Pasadena Community Gardens Conservancy’s Seeds of Transformation Kick Off Party PEOPLE Pakistani-Born, Huntington Hospital-Affiliated Pulmonologist Announces Candidacy for Lieutenant Governor State Senator Anthony Portantino Recognizes 10 Women of the Year Caltech Grad Student Wins Hertz Fellowship Drumming Teacher, Coach and Security Guard, This Teacher Does It All FAITH “Feel the Spirit” Concert at La Canada Presbyterian Church Pasadena Religious Services This Sunday Video: A Requited Love Story Religious Film Series Produced at St. Andrew’s Catholic Church in Pasadena The Arts & Culture Click Headings for Section Home Pages MUSIC South Pasadena Public Library’s Restoration Concerts Presents The Mojave Trio Make Music Pasadena Won’t This Year – Or Maybe Ever Again Caltech Symphony Presents a Free Concert on Sunday April 23 Pasadena Master Chorale Announces “Brahms Unbound” A Cappella Music by the Master THEATRE Pasadena Playhouse Celebrates 80th Anniversary as California’s State Theater Catch ‘In the Heights’ at Pasadena City College A Noise Within Brings ‘King Lear’ to Life The Pasadena Playhouse Presents “The Originalist” and “Hold These Truths” as Part of the 2016-17 Season VISUAL ARTS Free Reception Sunday, April 9, Celebrates New Exhibits at Pasadena Museum of History Art on Palm Announces the Artists for its Inaugural Arlington Garden Show Mike Kelley Foundation Awards Artist Project Grants Including Pasadena Arts Council/Volume Pasadena Arts Council Will Present Inaugural Art Auction to Benefit Local Artists, Projects DANCE History of Belly Dancing and Performance at Woman’s Club Friday’s ArtNight Pasadena Fills City with Artful Shuttlers Memory 5D+… An Immersive Musical Odyssey to a Distant Past Eliot Arts Dance Students Visit The Music Center, Experience Local Debut of the Jessica Lang Dance Company HISTORY Free Reception Sunday, April 9, Celebrates New Exhibits at Pasadena Museum of History Heritage Square Community Room Dedicated to Honor of Local Black Entrepreneur, Visionary Thomas Scott A Humanist Among the Scientists: A Conversation with Caltech’s Maura Dykstra Now Being Sold by Red Cross for $10.5 Million, Iconic Cravens Mansion was a Gift from a Grateful Immigrant SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY Caltech Names Students, Alumni Set to Receive 2017 National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowships Jet Propulsion Laboratory Tests New Technologies for Use on Future Space Missions to Ocean Worlds Caltech Postdoctoral Students Plan March for Science to Counter “Mischaracterization of Science as a Partisan Issue” Caltech Researchers Are Inventing Tools for Detecting Life Elsewhere in the Universe DESIGN The American Society of Interior Designers Present 2017 Design Trends Showcase Bungalow Heaven Neighborhood Association Announces 28th Annual Bungalow Heaven Home Tour Pasadena Showcase House for the Arts Empty House Party Hints at Exquisite Designs Pasadena Showcase House of Design Makes “Empty House Party” Tickets Available for Friday Night Party LITERARY ARTS The Friends of Crowell Public Library Meet the Authors Series Presents “Is America Ready for a Robot President?” Diversity of Desire: Writing Queer Perspectives – An Author’s Panel at Flintridge Bookstore & Coffeehouse The Altadena Library Hosts the Annual ‘Poetry and Cookies’ Event Pasadena Festival of Women Authors Announces Participation by Three New York Times Bestselling Authors, Four Acclaimed Novelists Click Headings for Section Home Pages SHOPPING & SALES Flowers Made in the USA Why Some People Care Shopping The Baby Shower Tightly Knit Community of Crafters Gather at Wollhaus Pasadena Now s Guide to Antique Shops BEAUTY What is the Right Shade of White for Your Teeth Fruits and Veggies That Help Keep Your Teeth White A White Smile Can Lead to Success Treat Your Valentine to Luxury and Score a Gift for Yourself at Burke Williams HEALTH Why Women Should Swim Nama Spa at The Langham Do You Need a Therapist Research Conducted in Pasadena Reveals Youth with Type Diabetes Develop Complications More Often than Type Peers FASHION & STYLE Top Trends for a Stylish Spring Wedding Show Weekend Highlights Wedding Trends Tips to Say Yes to Your Dress Give Your Closet Breathing Room IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU Flowers Made in the USA Why Some People Care Signs of a Good Daycare Family Law with a Personal Touch Don t Let Your Health Insurance Be Cancelled for Non Payment of Premium REAL ESTATE A Beautiful Spanish Home Located in Northwest Glendale Don t Make These Common House Hunting Mistakes A Charming Traditional Style Home Located in Altadena An Impressive English Period Revival Style Home Located in East Mountain Street Glendale AT HOME The American Society of Interior Designers Present Design Trends Showcase Why You Need a Plumber for Your Kitchen Remodel Kitchen Remodeling Decisions You ll Never Regret Home Maintenance Tasks You Should Tackle in March IN THE GARDEN TOMATOMANIA Returns to Descanso Gardens Celebrate Spring with Cherry Blossoms Descanso Gardens Cherry Blossom Festival Expands to Two Weekends Hahamongna Native Plant Nursery First Sale of the Year FOOD & DRINK Bring Your Appetite to Masters of Taste An Ode to Burgers Stark Spirits Bottles Sunshine And Much More Embrace Rhubarb This Season Media Partner Click Headings for Section Home Pages NEWS Not Found Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here. AROUND TOWN Not Found Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here. CITY Not Found Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here. SPORTS Not Found Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here. SCHOOLS Not Found Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here. Special Sections TRAVEL Learn about Travel to India with the Pasadena Chamber – Dubai Trip Added to September Itinerary Pasadena Highlighted in Latest Issue of Southwest In flight Magazine Langham Hotels Resorts Recognized with Six Cond Nast Traveler s Readers Choice Awards CARS The Chrysler Pacifica Touring A People Mover with Flare The Fiat Spider Lusso Hits it Out of the Park Lexus RX F Sport Car like Attitude in a Luxury Crossover Body PHOTOGALLERIES El Portal Celebrates Years Masters of Taste Whets Appetites with Sneak Preview Celebrate Easter at The Langham Click Headings for Section Home Pages FEATURES The Importance of Early Childhood Education Open Your Home and Your Heart to an International Student St Mark s School Engaging Students Through STEAM Projects Native American Arts Festival and Workshops Feature Traditional and Contemporary Arts SCHOOL NEWS Serve on Measure TT Committee John Muir High School Principal is Harvard Bound Alverno Heights Academy Junior Achieves Perfect Score on ACT PUSD Open Enrollment Second Lottery Coming Soon SCHOOL EVENTS Carver Carnival Surf Carver McKinley School for the Arts to Host Parent Summit Innovation Exposition th Annual PUSD STEM Showcase St Mo Town St Monica Academy s Auction and Gala Coming Up on April SPORTS Maranatha High School Junior Wins Gold Medal at the Scholastic League Fencing Tournament Marshall s Callie Guthrie Finishes Strong in San Diego State University Track Meet Congratulations to Eliot Arts Basketball Teams on an Awesome Season Chandler Host Middle School Invitational Track Meet COMMUNITY SERVICE Congratulations to Pasadena High School s New Eagle Scout The Waverly High School Students in Costa Rica Mr Flintridge Prep Benefits The Multiple Sclerosis Foundation Walden School is Collecting Food to Donate to Friends in Deed ACADEMICS California School Dashboard Announced as New Accountability Tool that Measures School Success Polytechnic School Pulitzer Prize Winner Mei Fong Discusses China s One child Policy Flintridge Sacred Heart Academy s Cinthya Hernandez Receives Computer Science Award A G B U Vatche Tamar Manoukian High School at AESA Science Olympiad THE ARTS Eliot Arts Magnet to Host th Annual Spring Arts Showcase with Special Guest Artist Kent Yoshimura Southwestern Academy s Visual and Performing Arts Department to Host Annual Artsfest Ramona Convent Secondary School to Hold Art Show Blair High Middle School Ovations Musical Theatre FOCUS ON LEARNING Mayfield Junior School s D Lab Inventors The Gooden School Eigth graders Using the Bunsen Burner in Chemistry Children s Books Author Hena Khan Visits New Horizon School Assumption School Offer Character Animation D Printing Class Click Headings for Section Home Pages HOME DECORATING The American Society of Interior Designers Present 2017 Design Trends Showcase Why You Need a Plumber for Your Kitchen Remodel Kitchen Remodeling Decisions You’ll Never Regret 8 Home Maintenance Tasks You Should Tackle in March HOME IMPROVEMENT Make the Switch to Copper or PEX Pipes Here’s What You Need to Know About Water Damage Thinking About Solar Panels? Don’t Forget To Check The Roof First Plumbing Fixes Everyone Should Know IN THE KITCHEN The Do’s and Don’ts of Kitchen Garbage Disposals How to Make the Most of End of Summer Fruits and Vegetables Feather Your Nest It’s Not Too Late to Cool Down With Fresh Produce ENTERTAINING Project Spotlight: Roosevelt Avenue Residence The Transformers of Furniture How to Be a Cheese Plate Nerd THE GARDEN TOMATOMANIA! Returns to Descanso Gardens Celebrate Spring with Cherry Blossoms Descanso Gardens Cherry Blossom Festival Expands to Two Weekends Hahamongna Native Plant Nursery First Sale of the Year THE BATH Get a Head Start on Your Holiday Hosting Plans Smart Living The Best Cure is Always Prevention The Secret to Earthquake Preparedness OUTDOOR LIVING Discussions and Encounters with Wildlife Highlight Urban Biodiversity How to Create a Relaxing Minimalist Landscape Defining Elements of Mediterranean Inspired Landscapes Yes, You can Have a Beautiful Yard in a Drought PETS Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society Dogs and Dog Lovers Celebrate Yappy Hour at El Portal Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society ARTS & CRAFTS Jackalope’s Indie Artisan Fair Brings Handmade to Pasadena Handmade Shopping With A Cause This Spring at Jackalope Pasadena Get Crafting in the New Year Workshops Bring a Taste of DIY to Jackalope Pasadena This November
Search Primary Menu Skip to content Wind Energy Other renewables Grids Electric Vehicle System Operator Batteries Pumping system OpEd Español Search for: Evwind, News Menu, OpEd, System Operator, Uncategorized, Wind Energy, wind energy Wind-powered Slurpees come to Texas April 3, 2017 reve 7-Eleven is the latest company choosing to power more of its operations using wind energy. The company recently announced an agreement with TXU Energy to power all of its Texas stores with wind. “This agreement is beneficial for 7-Eleven on several fronts,” said Ben Tison, 7-Eleven’s senior vice president of development. “Wind energy is a renewable, more cost-effective resource that will lower the carbon footprint of these stores, as well as operating costs.” 7-Eleven’s news comes on the heels of last week’s announcement by Anheuser-Busch InBev, one of the world’s largest beer makers and distributors. The company pledged to transition to 100 percent renewable energy by 2025. Worldwide, it boasts over 200,000 employees across 50 countries and 264 breweries, so the move to renewables will have substantial impacts. Besides practicing good stewardship, economics played a major role in Anheuser-Busch Inbev’s decision. “Our approach takes different business, social and environmental benefits into account,” Anheuser-Busch InBev said. “We do not expect our cost base to increase. Renewable electricity is competitive with or cheaper than traditional forms of electricity in many markets.” 7-Eleven and Anheuser-Busch InBev aren’t alone in these moves. The Home Depot recently purchased enough wind to power 100 stores, GM is transitioning an Arlington, Texas SUV factory to 100 percent wind energy, and Procter & Gamble makes all of its homecare goods like Tide and Dawn with wind. Google expects to run 100 percent of its worldwide operations using renewable energy this year, with wind supplying 95 percent of that. Because wind’s costs have fallen by two-thirds over the last seven years, it’s the cheapest source of new electric generating capacity in the U.S., and cost-competitive in many more. That’s one of the reasons so many companies are choosing to power their operations using wind energy—not only is it clean, it’s good for their bottom lines.   Greg Alvarez aweablog.org AWEATexasU.S.wind energy Post navigation Previous PostThe merger of Gamesa and Siemens Wind Power becomes effectiveNext PostTop 10 global wind turbine OEM rankings: Vestas, GE, Goldwind, Gamesa, Siemens, Enercon, Nordex, United Power, Mingyang and Envision Follow us in social media Become a member of AEE Do you want to be an E-Ambassador? Click here Subscribe me Name:* Email:* * This field is required Tag Cloud Acciona AEE aerogeneradores Argentina Asociación Empresarial Eólica AWEA Brasil Chile China CO2 coche eléctrico concentrated solar power Concentrating Solar Power CSP Enel Green Power energías renovables España EV eólica Eólica marina eólico Fotovoltaica Gamesa GE Iberdrola India Latinoamérica México offshore photovoltaic Protermosolar PV renewable energy Siemens solar energy Solar Power termosolar U.S. UK Vestas wind-farm Wind Energy wind energy wind power África Home About us About wind energy What is wind energy? The advantages About the electric vehicle Definition and types Wind energy and The Electric Vehicle V2G Grids Contact us Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 Spanish Reve          Spanish Wind Energy Association          The blog of AEE          Convention Wind and Global Wind Day          Creating Web Design and applications viaintermedia
&lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; close &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; close   SEARCH THE SITE | CONTACT US NEWS ENTERTAINMENT & EVENTS COMMUNITY SCHOOLS ARTS & CULTURE MENU NEWS back NEWS NOW THE LATEST CRIME GOVERNMENT EDUCATION BUSINESS SPORTS OPINION ENTERTAINMENT & EVENTS back EVENTS PREVIEWS NIGHTLIFE DINING COMMUNITY back COMMUNITY NEWS EDUCATION GOVERNMENT GIVING BACK GATHERING PEOPLE FAITH SCHOOLS back FEATURES SCHOOL NEWS SCHOOL EVENTS SPORTS COMMUNITY SERVICE ACADEMICS THE ARTS FOCUS ON LEARNING ARTS & CULTURE back MUSIC THEATRE VISUAL ARTS DANCE HISTORY SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY DESIGN LITERARY ARTS PASADENA LIVING back SHOPPING & SALES BEAUTY HEALTH FASHION & STYLE IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU REAL ESTATE AT HOME IN THE GARDEN FOOD & DRINK FOOD & DRINK EXTRAS back NEWS AROUND TOWN CITY SPORTS SCHOOLS TRAVEL CARS PHOTOGALLERIES SOCIAL SCENE REAL ESTATE RESTAURANTS & BARS ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SOCIAL MEDIA CENTRAL LEADING LAWYERS EXTRAS REPORT BREAKING NEWS Where else can you get this much daily news and information about Pasadena? | 111,505 monthly readers | 21,410 email subscribers | 69,000 Social Media followers Five Acres Announces Corporate Partnership with Gamble Jones Investment Counsel From STAFF REPORTS Published : Monday, April 3, 2017 | 11:08 AM Five Acres, a child and family service organization, and Gamble Jones Investment Counsel, a leader in wealth management, have announced a strategic partnership in conjunction with Five Acres’ new Corporate Partnership Program. The partnership provides Five Acres and Gamble Jones the opportunity to heighten the visibility of both agencies and advocate for the more than 20,000 children currently living in foster care in L.A. County. The new partnership highlights both agencies’ commitment to the safety and well-being of the children and families in our community. Gamble Jones Investment Counsel will partner with Five Acres for the annual advocacy campaign promoting National Child Abuse Prevention Month this April, rooted in community awareness, safety, and keeping families together. The corporate partnership will include co-branding of the two agencies, in-service days, and a cross promotion of both of their services. “We know the importance of investing in our community and we are proud to partner with Five Acres – an amazing organization that has served children and families for over 129 years!” said Alison Gamble, President of Gamble Jones Investment Counsel. Gamble Jones was founded in 1956 to serve the investment needs of individuals, families and non-profit organizations. Managing over $1 billion in client assets, Gamble Jones Investment Counsel serves clients through a seasoned team of relationship managers, investment analysts and a Client Service Team. Gamble Jones founder, James N. Gamble, was the great grandson of David Gamble, founder of Proctor and Gamble. Jim’s vision in 1956 was to create a firm that could do more than exclusively offer portfolio management advice. He wanted the firm to be a family office that could serve as a resource for clients in the numerous areas of their finances as well. “Partnering with Gamble Jones, a longstanding community establishment with a shared mission of serving the needs of children and families in our backyard, is a privilege for Five Acres and an opportunity with their support to expand more awareness of the critical need of keeping families safe and intact. Thank you Gamble Jones for your care and heart!” said Jennifer Berger, Five Acres Chief Advancement Officer. Five Acres is a child and family service agency ensuring every child has a safe, healthy and permanent family solution through advocacy, prevention and evidence-based services. Established as an orphanage in 1888, today Five Acres offers programs spanning a full continuum of care including community – based counseling and support services, intensive residential care, a therapeutic school for special needs students, and foster care and adoption services. In 2015, Five Acres served over 8,700 children and their families across five counties. Visit 5acres.org for more information.     Read Previous Post Read Next Post Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Travel to Iceland with the Pasadena Chamber to See the Northern Lights in December MEMAH Welcomes New Board Members While Preparing for their 2017 Gala Pasadena Public Library Presents Poetry Slam 2017 PASADENA NOW Pasadena Now has been published daily since April, 2004 and is among the very oldest continously operated community news websites in the U.S. Pasadena Now strives to publish a full spectrum of news and information articles in service to the entire community. The publication will remain free to readers and will not erect paywalls. Pasadena Now strives to provide factual, unbiased reporting. Our opinion section is open to all. © 2016-2017 PASADENA NOW. LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED COMPANY INFO CONTACT ADVERTISE CONNECT & SHARE RSS FEEDS Click Headings for Section Home Pages Click here for Front Page Local News NEWS NOW Meetings Set to Gather Community Input About Marijuana Regulations for Pasadena Pasadena Police Release Suspect Vehicle Description in Double Homicide Case This Week’s Social Scene THE LATEST Pasadena Police Chief Recaps Recent Critical Incidents Gunmen Target Pomona Man in Early Morning Shooting Visionaries to Create, Exchange Innovative Ideas at Pasadena Startups Conference CRIME Man Pleads Guilty to Shooting at Pasadena Police Officer Reward Extended in Altadena Murder Case Police Sieze Nine Firearms and Arrest Multiple Armed Suspects in the Weekend’s Spate of Shootings PUBLIC SAFETY Pasadena Woman Killed As Roommates Argued Identified by Coroner Homeless Man Victim of Strong Arm Robbery in Central Park Pasadena Police Chief Recaps Recent Critical Incidents GOVERNMENT Pasadena, Consultant Receive Award for the Arroyo Seco Music and Arts Festival Environmental Impact Report This Week in Pasadena City Government City Convenes Community Meetings to Discuss Converting Tennis Courts into Pickleball Courts EDUCATION John Muir High School Principal Tim Sippel Announces Departure Pasadena Unified Parent Summit Announced for Saturday, April 8 Caltech Postdoctoral Students Plan March for Science to Counter “Mischaracterization of Science as a Partisan Issue” BUSINESS Vallarta Markets Moving Ahead With Renovation Plans, Will Take Over Vons Site in Renaissance Plaza by November Pasadena Engineering Firm Wins NASA Goddard Space Flight Center Contract Pasadena’s Rekon Technologies Makes HousingWire’s TECH100 Four Consecutive Years SPORTS Boys Volleyball: Dalgarn, Retting Keep La Salle Hot; Lancers Sweep Bosco Tech, Closing in on St. Genevieve Baseball: Maranatha Baseball Ranked No. 1 in New CIF Poll; Minutemen Preparing to Make Deep Playoff Run Maranatha High School Boys Varsity Tennis Beat Tarbut V Torah 16-2 OPINION Guest Opinion | Keep Principal Juan Ruelas At Madison Elementary School Shirlee Smith | You Never Know Who You Are Gonna Bump Into Guest Opinion | Phil Hosp: An Insight and Measure of Character Click for Events Home Events by Date What's On Today 8:00 a.m. ShopTalk Breakfast The Governor s Office Wants to Help You 9:00 a.m. Altadena Chamber of Commerce Monthly Meeting 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. Infant Toddler Storytime Spring Session Registration 9:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. Stay Connected with Social Media 9:30 a.m. - 11:30 a.m. A Toast to the Joys of Music 10:00 a.m. Smart Phones Tablets and Computers Any Questions Event Search WhatYou are searching... All Altadena Event Art Benefits Business Children Classical Music Convention Center Dance Education Food & Wine Gardens Green Health Holiday Innovation & Technology Jazz Lectures Music Nightlife Openings/Closings Readings and Signings Shopping & Sales South Pasadena Event Special Events Sports Technology Theatre Tours Date All Dates Today Tomorrow The Weekend The Next 7 days Choose a date range EVENTS PREVIEWS Travel to Iceland with the Pasadena Chamber to See the Northern Lights in December Pasadena Public Library Presents Poetry Slam 2017 Professional Child Development Associates Announce Move-A-Thon Free Family Fun Day and Resource Fair at Brookside Park in Pasadena Altadena Library Second Saturday Concert Presents The Louis Van Taylor Quintet NIGHTLIFE Your Pasadena Live Music Round Up Lovable Cynic Alonzo Bodden Returns Joey Diaz and Eric Blake on New Year’s Eve at the Ice House Comedy Club According to Jim’s Jim Belushi Returns with The Board of Comedy DINING Savor Spring at True Food Kitchen The Perfect Spot for a Pint and a Bite Chow Down on Classic American Food at The Stand Cele-bundt a Sweet Birthday Community Click Headings for Section Home Pages COMMUNITY NEWS Professional Child Development Associates Announce Move-A-Thon Free Family Fun Day and Resource Fair at Brookside Park in Pasadena Foothill Family Receives 2017 Work-Life Seal of Distinction Award Assistance League of Pasadena Announces Prospective Member Coffee Event In a Time of Divisiveness Across America, Pasadena Festival Seeks Level Ground EDUCATION John Muir High School Principal Tim Sippel Announces Departure Pasadena Unified Parent Summit Announced for Saturday, April 8 Caltech Postdoctoral Students Plan March for Science to Counter “Mischaracterization of Science as a Partisan Issue” Pasadena City College Announces Tuition-Free ‘PCC Promise’ Program for High School Graduates GOVERNMENT Pasadena, Consultant Receive Award for the Arroyo Seco Music and Arts Festival Environmental Impact Report This Week in Pasadena City Government City Convenes Community Meetings to Discuss Converting Tennis Courts into Pickleball Courts Pasadena Tenant Protection Ordinance Amendments Go Before City Council at Monday Meeting GIVING BACK Five Acres announces Corporate Partnership with Gamble Jones Investment Counsel Five Acres Announces Corporate Partnership with Gamble Jones Investment Counsel Altadena Children’s Center Announces Gala Date, Honorees Masters of Taste 2017 Whets Appetites with Sneak Preview GATHERINGS El Portal Celebrates 22 Years Women with Cancer Enjoy Day of Pampering Soroptimists Host ‘For the Love of Women’ Luncheon Pasadena Community Gardens Conservancy’s Seeds of Transformation Kick Off Party PEOPLE Pakistani-Born, Huntington Hospital-Affiliated Pulmonologist Announces Candidacy for Lieutenant Governor State Senator Anthony Portantino Recognizes 10 Women of the Year Caltech Grad Student Wins Hertz Fellowship Drumming Teacher, Coach and Security Guard, This Teacher Does It All FAITH “Feel the Spirit” Concert at La Canada Presbyterian Church Pasadena Religious Services This Sunday Video: A Requited Love Story Religious Film Series Produced at St. Andrew’s Catholic Church in Pasadena The Arts & Culture Click Headings for Section Home Pages MUSIC South Pasadena Public Library’s Restoration Concerts Presents The Mojave Trio Make Music Pasadena Won’t This Year – Or Maybe Ever Again Caltech Symphony Presents a Free Concert on Sunday April 23 Pasadena Master Chorale Announces “Brahms Unbound” A Cappella Music by the Master THEATRE Pasadena Playhouse Celebrates 80th Anniversary as California’s State Theater Catch ‘In the Heights’ at Pasadena City College A Noise Within Brings ‘King Lear’ to Life The Pasadena Playhouse Presents “The Originalist” and “Hold These Truths” as Part of the 2016-17 Season VISUAL ARTS Free Reception Sunday, April 9, Celebrates New Exhibits at Pasadena Museum of History Art on Palm Announces the Artists for its Inaugural Arlington Garden Show Mike Kelley Foundation Awards Artist Project Grants Including Pasadena Arts Council/Volume Pasadena Arts Council Will Present Inaugural Art Auction to Benefit Local Artists, Projects DANCE History of Belly Dancing and Performance at Woman’s Club Friday’s ArtNight Pasadena Fills City with Artful Shuttlers Memory 5D+… An Immersive Musical Odyssey to a Distant Past Eliot Arts Dance Students Visit The Music Center, Experience Local Debut of the Jessica Lang Dance Company HISTORY Free Reception Sunday, April 9, Celebrates New Exhibits at Pasadena Museum of History Heritage Square Community Room Dedicated to Honor of Local Black Entrepreneur, Visionary Thomas Scott A Humanist Among the Scientists: A Conversation with Caltech’s Maura Dykstra Now Being Sold by Red Cross for $10.5 Million, Iconic Cravens Mansion was a Gift from a Grateful Immigrant SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY Caltech Names Students, Alumni Set to Receive 2017 National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowships Jet Propulsion Laboratory Tests New Technologies for Use on Future Space Missions to Ocean Worlds Caltech Postdoctoral Students Plan March for Science to Counter “Mischaracterization of Science as a Partisan Issue” Caltech Researchers Are Inventing Tools for Detecting Life Elsewhere in the Universe DESIGN The American Society of Interior Designers Present 2017 Design Trends Showcase Bungalow Heaven Neighborhood Association Announces 28th Annual Bungalow Heaven Home Tour Pasadena Showcase House for the Arts Empty House Party Hints at Exquisite Designs Pasadena Showcase House of Design Makes “Empty House Party” Tickets Available for Friday Night Party LITERARY ARTS The Friends of Crowell Public Library Meet the Authors Series Presents “Is America Ready for a Robot President?” Diversity of Desire: Writing Queer Perspectives – An Author’s Panel at Flintridge Bookstore & Coffeehouse The Altadena Library Hosts the Annual ‘Poetry and Cookies’ Event Pasadena Festival of Women Authors Announces Participation by Three New York Times Bestselling Authors, Four Acclaimed Novelists Click Headings for Section Home Pages SHOPPING & SALES Flowers Made in the USA Why Some People Care Shopping The Baby Shower Tightly Knit Community of Crafters Gather at Wollhaus Pasadena Now s Guide to Antique Shops BEAUTY What is the Right Shade of White for Your Teeth Fruits and Veggies That Help Keep Your Teeth White A White Smile Can Lead to Success Treat Your Valentine to Luxury and Score a Gift for Yourself at Burke Williams HEALTH Why Women Should Swim Nama Spa at The Langham Do You Need a Therapist Research Conducted in Pasadena Reveals Youth with Type Diabetes Develop Complications More Often than Type Peers FASHION & STYLE Top Trends for a Stylish Spring Wedding Show Weekend Highlights Wedding Trends Tips to Say Yes to Your Dress Give Your Closet Breathing Room IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU Flowers Made in the USA Why Some People Care Signs of a Good Daycare Family Law with a Personal Touch Don t Let Your Health Insurance Be Cancelled for Non Payment of Premium REAL ESTATE A Beautiful Spanish Home Located in Northwest Glendale Don t Make These Common House Hunting Mistakes A Charming Traditional Style Home Located in Altadena An Impressive English Period Revival Style Home Located in East Mountain Street Glendale AT HOME The American Society of Interior Designers Present Design Trends Showcase Why You Need a Plumber for Your Kitchen Remodel Kitchen Remodeling Decisions You ll Never Regret Home Maintenance Tasks You Should Tackle in March IN THE GARDEN TOMATOMANIA Returns to Descanso Gardens Celebrate Spring with Cherry Blossoms Descanso Gardens Cherry Blossom Festival Expands to Two Weekends Hahamongna Native Plant Nursery First Sale of the Year FOOD & DRINK Bring Your Appetite to Masters of Taste An Ode to Burgers Stark Spirits Bottles Sunshine And Much More Embrace Rhubarb This Season Media Partner Click Headings for Section Home Pages NEWS Not Found Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here. AROUND TOWN Not Found Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here. CITY Not Found Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here. SPORTS Not Found Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here. SCHOOLS Not Found Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here. Special Sections TRAVEL Learn about Travel to India with the Pasadena Chamber – Dubai Trip Added to September Itinerary Pasadena Highlighted in Latest Issue of Southwest In flight Magazine Langham Hotels Resorts Recognized with Six Cond Nast Traveler s Readers Choice Awards CARS The Chrysler Pacifica Touring A People Mover with Flare The Fiat Spider Lusso Hits it Out of the Park Lexus RX F Sport Car like Attitude in a Luxury Crossover Body PHOTOGALLERIES El Portal Celebrates Years Masters of Taste Whets Appetites with Sneak Preview Celebrate Easter at The Langham Click Headings for Section Home Pages FEATURES The Importance of Early Childhood Education Open Your Home and Your Heart to an International Student St Mark s School Engaging Students Through STEAM Projects Native American Arts Festival and Workshops Feature Traditional and Contemporary Arts SCHOOL NEWS Serve on Measure TT Committee John Muir High School Principal is Harvard Bound Alverno Heights Academy Junior Achieves Perfect Score on ACT PUSD Open Enrollment Second Lottery Coming Soon SCHOOL EVENTS Carver Carnival Surf Carver McKinley School for the Arts to Host Parent Summit Innovation Exposition th Annual PUSD STEM Showcase St Mo Town St Monica Academy s Auction and Gala Coming Up on April SPORTS Maranatha High School Junior Wins Gold Medal at the Scholastic League Fencing Tournament Marshall s Callie Guthrie Finishes Strong in San Diego State University Track Meet Congratulations to Eliot Arts Basketball Teams on an Awesome Season Chandler Host Middle School Invitational Track Meet COMMUNITY SERVICE Congratulations to Pasadena High School s New Eagle Scout The Waverly High School Students in Costa Rica Mr Flintridge Prep Benefits The Multiple Sclerosis Foundation Walden School is Collecting Food to Donate to Friends in Deed ACADEMICS California School Dashboard Announced as New Accountability Tool that Measures School Success Polytechnic School Pulitzer Prize Winner Mei Fong Discusses China s One child Policy Flintridge Sacred Heart Academy s Cinthya Hernandez Receives Computer Science Award A G B U Vatche Tamar Manoukian High School at AESA Science Olympiad THE ARTS Eliot Arts Magnet to Host th Annual Spring Arts Showcase with Special Guest Artist Kent Yoshimura Southwestern Academy s Visual and Performing Arts Department to Host Annual Artsfest Ramona Convent Secondary School to Hold Art Show Blair High Middle School Ovations Musical Theatre FOCUS ON LEARNING Mayfield Junior School s D Lab Inventors The Gooden School Eigth graders Using the Bunsen Burner in Chemistry Children s Books Author Hena Khan Visits New Horizon School Assumption School Offer Character Animation D Printing Class Click Headings for Section Home Pages HOME DECORATING The American Society of Interior Designers Present 2017 Design Trends Showcase Why You Need a Plumber for Your Kitchen Remodel Kitchen Remodeling Decisions You’ll Never Regret 8 Home Maintenance Tasks You Should Tackle in March HOME IMPROVEMENT Make the Switch to Copper or PEX Pipes Here’s What You Need to Know About Water Damage Thinking About Solar Panels? Don’t Forget To Check The Roof First Plumbing Fixes Everyone Should Know IN THE KITCHEN The Do’s and Don’ts of Kitchen Garbage Disposals How to Make the Most of End of Summer Fruits and Vegetables Feather Your Nest It’s Not Too Late to Cool Down With Fresh Produce ENTERTAINING Project Spotlight: Roosevelt Avenue Residence The Transformers of Furniture How to Be a Cheese Plate Nerd THE GARDEN TOMATOMANIA! Returns to Descanso Gardens Celebrate Spring with Cherry Blossoms Descanso Gardens Cherry Blossom Festival Expands to Two Weekends Hahamongna Native Plant Nursery First Sale of the Year THE BATH Get a Head Start on Your Holiday Hosting Plans Smart Living The Best Cure is Always Prevention The Secret to Earthquake Preparedness OUTDOOR LIVING Discussions and Encounters with Wildlife Highlight Urban Biodiversity How to Create a Relaxing Minimalist Landscape Defining Elements of Mediterranean Inspired Landscapes Yes, You can Have a Beautiful Yard in a Drought PETS Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society Dogs and Dog Lovers Celebrate Yappy Hour at El Portal Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society ARTS & CRAFTS Jackalope’s Indie Artisan Fair Brings Handmade to Pasadena Handmade Shopping With A Cause This Spring at Jackalope Pasadena Get Crafting in the New Year Workshops Bring a Taste of DIY to Jackalope Pasadena This November
SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Vogue fashionbeautycultureliving runway videoshop Most Shared Culture These Stores Are Offering Discounts to Highlight the Wage Gap on Equal Pay Day April 3, 2017 5:30 PM by Patricia Garcia Photo: Getty Images This April 4 marks Equal Pay Day, aka the date that illustrates how much longer a woman would have to continue working into 2017 in order to make as much money as a man did in 2016. (On average, women are paid 20 percent less than their male counterparts. African-American and Hispanic women make far less than that.) In the past, the day was symbolic: raising awareness through social media campaigns, speeches, and even the odd piece on how exactly a woman should go about asking for the raise she deserves. But this year, with the current (not great) political climate around American women, some companies are taking things a step further. Working with Sheryl Sandberg’s nonprofit Lean In foundation, 300 stores in 25 cities across the country will be offering a 20 percent discount to customers on Equal Pay Day. The goal of the #20PercentCounts campaign is to “link [the pay gap] to simple, everyday purchases in local communities,” says Lean In’s president, Rachel Thomas, and to illustrate the economic effect of paying women less throughout their lifetime. In other words, these small businesses will not only be offering customers a retail break on Tuesday, they’ll also be taking on a slight revenue loss in order to represent the one women experience in their salaries. (Studies show that if women were to be paid equally they would be able to make almost $530,000 more throughout their careers.) Brands participating in the #20PercentCounts campaign include Lyft (which, aside from offering a 20-percent discount will also donate 20 percent of its profits on Equal Pay Day to various women’s organizations), LUNA, Procter & Gamble, and Salesforce. Of course, this initiative, while a step in the right direction, is still far from achieving significant progress towards gender equality in the workforce. Maybe next year, we might want to take a look toward Iceland, which just passed a law that requires companies to actually prove they’re paying their male and female employees equally. That seems like a solid place to start. Recommended For You Vogue Fashion Beauty Culture Living Runway Magazine City Guides Videos Subscribe Vogue App Vogue Shop Promotions Vogue Archive Masthead Vogue Podcast Log In|Register Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Sign up for Newsletter Contact Press Subscriptions Digital Editions Vogue Worldwide UK India Italy Mexico Australia Germany Korea Spain Taiwan Russia France Brazil Japan Portugal Ukraine Turkey China Reprints/Permissions Media Kits Careers Condé Nast Digital Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Magazine Customer Service Sitemap © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (Effective 1/2/2014). Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Bestil signallisten her Søgefelt Søg Log ind Glemt kode Produkter Signallisten INV Signallisten DK Hjælp Oversigt Aktier og kurslister Aktier Danmark Danske eliteaktier, realtid Danske eliteaktier, detaljeret liste, realtid Alle danske aktier Alle danske aktier, detaljeret liste Sverige Svenske eliteaktier, realtid Alle svenske aktier, forsinket Norge Finland Indeks Inv. foreninger Råvarer Obligationer Nyheder Børsmeddelser Kalender Trading Kopier vinderstrategier Bliv master Copy trading Robot trading Single trading Trading platform Events Om os Guides og hjælp CFD-aktier Copy Trader Master Din egen robot Kopier andres handler Ordretyper Sådan virker valutamarkedet Ansvarsfraskrivelse Forex Produkter Signallisten Se SignalListen DK Se SignalListen DK LIGHT Se SignalListen Inv Se SignalListen Inv LIGHT Finansbøger Daytrader Vinderstrategier Millionærkursus Vikingen Oversigt Introduktion til Vikingen (video) Produktspecifikationer Priser Kursus program og tilmelding Uddannelse (udvalgte videoer) Om Vikingen Guide Nyhedsagent Analyse Penge Pension Valuta Skyscraber left Skyscraber right Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S: Notice Convening Annual General Meeting Udgivet den 03-04-2017  |  kl. 19:00  |   -A+ Company Announcement 8/2017 Copenhagen, 3 April 2017 notice convening annual general meeting of scandinavian tobacco group A/S In accordance with Article 7 of the Articles of Association, notice is hereby given of the annual general meeting of Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S (the Company) to be held on Wednesday, 26 April 2017 at 4.30 p.m. at Axelborg, Vesterbrogade 4A, DK-1620 Copenhagen V Agenda In accordance with Article 8.2 of the Articles of Association, the agenda of the meeting is as follows: Report of the Board of Directors on the Company's activities during the past financial year Adoption of the audited annual report The audited annual report is available on www.st-group.com. A copy may also be requested by contacting the Company at [email protected] -group or telephone +45 3955 6200. Appropriation of profit or loss as recorded in the adopted annual report                   The Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that the Company pays for the financial year 2016 a dividend of DKK 5.50 per share of DKK 1. Adoption of the remuneration of the Board of Directors and any Board committees                   The Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration of the Board of Directors for the financial year 2017 (as in 2016) be as follows: Ordinary members of the Board of Directors shall be paid a base annual fee of DKK 400,000 The chairman shall receive three times the base annual fee The vice-chairman shall receive 1.75 times the base annual fee The chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive a fee corresponding to 75 percent of the base annual fee Other members of the Audit Committee shall receive a fee corresponding to 37.5 percent of the base annual fee The chairman of each of the Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee shall receive a fee corresponding to 25 percent of the base annual fee The members of each of the Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee shall receive a fee corresponding to 12.5 percent of the base annual fee The fees for the chairmen and members of the committees are in addition to their fee as chairman, vice-chairman or member of the Board of Directors.   Election of members to the Board of Directors                   Pursuant to Article 11.1 of the Articles of Association, all members of the Board of Directors elected by the general meeting are elected for one year at a time. The Board of Directors has received notice that Jørgen Tandrup (chairman) and Marlene Forsell wish to resign from the Board of Directors and will not accept re-election. The Board of Directors proposes re-election of the following Board members: Nigel Northridge (vice-chairman), Søren Bjerre-Nielsen, Dianne Neal Blixt, Conny Karlsson, Luc Missorten and Henning Kruse Petersen. The Board of Directors proposes election of Henrik Brandt as new member of the Board of Directors. Information about the nominated candidates is enclosed to this notice and is also available at the company's website (www.st-group.com). Election of auditor(s)                   Pursuant to Article 16.1 of the Articles of Association, the auditor elected by the general meeting is up for election. The Board of Directors proposes to re-elect PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation. The Audit Committee has not been influenced by any third party and no clause of a contract entered into with a third party has been imposed upon it, which restricts the general meeting's choice of certain auditors or audit firms. Any proposals by the Board of Directors and/or shareholders                   The Board of Directors has not received any proposals from the shareholders. VOTING REQUIREMENTS Adoption by the general meeting of proposals set out in items 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 on the agenda requires a simple majority at the general meeting, see Article 10.2 of the Articles of Association. registration, admission and PROXY Registration date In accordance with Article 9.4 of the Articles of Association, a shareholder's right to participate in the general meeting and the number of votes, which the shareholder is entitled to cast, is determined in accordance with the number of shares held by such shareholder on 19 April 2017 (the registration date). The shares held by each shareholder are determined at the registration date on the basis of the shareholdings registered in the share register and in accordance with any notices on shareholding received, but not yet registered, by the Company in the share register as of the registration date. Deadline for notice of attendance A shareholder or its proxy wishing to attend the general meeting must give notice thereof and order admission cards on the Investor Portal at the Company's website, www.st-group.com, or by printing the admission card order form found on the website and submitting it to Computershare A/S, Kongevejen 418, DK-2840 Holte, telefax +45 4546 0998, e-mail [email protected] no later than 23 April 2017 11.59 pm. Admission card Starting this year, admission cards will be issued electronically only. Thus, admission cards will not be distributed by ordinary mail. Please register the email address, to which the electronic admission card should be sent, on the Investor Portal at the Company's website, www.st-group.com, when requesting the admission card. Shareholders who have ordered admission cards for the general meeting have the following options: print the admission card and bring it to the general meeting, or bring the admission card on a smartphone or tablet, or collect the admission card at the general meeting upon presentation of proper ID. Proxy and postal votes If you are prevented from attending the general meeting, you may appoint a proxy to cast the votes carried by your shares. The proxy can be submitted directly via the Investor Portal on the Company's website www.st-group.com, or by printing the proxy form at the website and submitting it, duly signed and dated, to Computershare A/S, Kongevejen 418, DK-2840 Holte, telefax +45 4546 0998, e-mail [email protected] . The proxy must be submitted so that it is received no later than 23 April 2017 at 11.59 pm. Shareholders may also vote by post directly on the Investor Portal on the Company's website, www.st-group.com, no later than 25 April 2017 at 11.59 pm. Alternatively, shareholders can submit the printed, signed and dated postal vote form found at the website to Computershare A/S, Kongevejen 418, DK-2840 Holte, telefax +45 4546 0998, e-mail [email protected] . Vote by post must be received by Computershare A/S no later than 25 April 2017 at 11.59 pm. Once a vote by post has been received, the vote cannot be revoked by the shareholder. Language In accordance with Article 9.7 of the Articles of Association the general meeting will be conducted in English. Shareholders may choose to speak in Danish or English. share capital and voting rights The Company's share capital is DKK 100,000,000, divided into 100,000,000 shares of DKK 1 each. Article 9.1 of the Articles of Association stipulates that each share of nominally DKK 1 shall carry one vote at the general meeting. agenda etc. The complete, unabridged text of the documents to be submitted to the general meeting, including the audited annual report, as well as the agenda with the full text of all proposals to be submitted to the general meeting, the total number of shares and voting rights as at the date of the notice and the forms to be used for voting by proxy and by post are available at the Company's website, www.st-group.com. RIGHT TO INQUIRE Article 9.6 of the Articles of Associations afford to the shareholders the right  to ask questions in writing to the Company's management about matters of significance to the assessment of the annual report and the general position of the Company or the assessment of any matter to be resolved at the general meeting. At the general meeting, the management will, subject to applicable law and regulation, answer such questions provided they are received prior to 23 April 2017 at 11.59 pm. Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S The Board of Directors For further information, please contact: For media enquiries: Kaspar Bach Habersaat, Director of Group Communications phone: +45 7220 7152 or [email protected] For investor enquiries: Torben Sand, Head of Investor Relations phone: +45 7220 7126 or [email protected] CANDIDATES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Nigel Northridge Independent Born in 1956, Irish. Joined the board in 2016. Vice-chairman, member of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Competencies: Long professional experience as an executive director in the international tobacco industry Experience as executive and non-executive director in managing publicly listed companies Sales and marketing of fast-moving consumer goods Selected former employment positions: CEO of Gallaher Group PLC 2000-2007 Held a number of sales, marketing and then general management positions within the group of Gallaher Tobacco Ltd. (subsequently Gallaher Group PLC) in the UK and overseas, before being appointed to the board of directors in 1993, a position held 1993-2000. Educational background: HND in Business Studies from Northern Ireland Polytechnic, Sullivan Upper School, Belfast Directorships and other offices: Hogg Robinson Group PLC (Chairman) Inchcape PLC. (Senior Independent Director) Søren Bjerre-Nielsen Independent Born in 1952, Danish. Joined the board in 2016. Chairman of the Audit Committee, Competencies: Long professional experience in general and international management, including of listed companies Expertise in economic and financial management Risk management Strategic business development Selected former positions: Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Danisco A/S (now Dupont Nutrition Biosciences ApS). 1995-2011 Managing Director at Deloitte 1986-1995 Partner at Deloitte State-Authorised Public Accountants 1981-1995 Educational background: State-authorised Public Accountant Master's degree in Economics and Business Administration from Copenhagen Business School Directorships and other offices: Danmarks Nationalbank (Chairman) MT Højgaard A/S (Chairman) Højgaard Holding A/S (Chairman) Højgaard Industri A/S (Chairman) VKR Holding A/S (Chairman) Dianne Neal Blixt Independent Born in 1959, US nationality. Joined the board in 2016. Member of the Audit Committee. Competencies: Significant experience in business analysis Financial management and reporting expertise Considerable insight into the US tobacco industry Selected former positions: Member of the board of directors of Lorillard, Inc. 2011-2015 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Reynolds American, Inc. 2004-2007 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Holdings, Inc. 2003-2004 Various positions in Reynolds American and its subsidiaries 1988 until 2003 Educational background: Master's degree in Business Administration and Finance from University of North Carolina at Greensboro Directorships and other offices: Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. (member of the board of directors) NatureWorks Organics LLC (member of the board of managers) Henrik Brandt Independent Born in 1955, Danish Competencies: Extensive experience in leading international, publicly listed and private equity businesses Fast-moving consumer goods Strategic business development Selected former positions: President and CEO Royal Unibrew A/S 2008-2017 President and CEO of Unomedical a/s 2003-2008 President and CEO of Sophus Berendsen A/S 1999-2002 CEO of House of Prince A/S and Group Executive Skandinavisk Tobakskompagni A/S 1992-1999 President and CEO of Fritz Hansen A/S 1989-1992 President and CEO of Kevi A/S 1987-1988 Educational background: Master of Business Administration, Stanford University Master of Science (Economics), Copenhagen School of Economics Directorships and other offices: Toms Gruppen A/S (Chairman) Ferd Holding as (member of the board of directors) Gerda & Victor B. Strands Fond (member of the board of directors) Gerda & Victor B. Strand Holding A/S (member of the board of directors) Uno Equity ApS (member of the management) Conny Karlsson Independent Born in 1955, Swedish Joined the board in 2010. Member of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Competencies: Extensive experience in the management of international businesses Sales and marketing and fast-moving consumer goods businesses Selected former positions: Vice-chairman of the board of directors of Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S 2010-2016 CEO of Duni AB 1990-2000 Various management positions in Procter & Gamble 1978-1990 Educational background: Bachelor's degree in Business from Stockholm School of Economics Directorships and other offices: Swedish Match AB (Chairman) YA Invest AB (Chairman) Zeres Capital AB (Chairman) EuroFlorist Holding AB (Chairman) Euroflorist Aktiebolag (Chairman) Filius Luna Invest AB (Chairman) Kungsåra Bildemontering AB (Chairman) YA Holding AB (member of the board of directors) Åkestam Holst Group AB (member of the board of directors) ArcbyNoA AB (member of the board of directors) Bold Stockholm AB (member of the board of directors) Anfri AB (member of the board of directors) Fornwij AB (member of the board of directors) Studion Åkestam Holst AB (member of the board of directors) Karelia Timber Intressenter AB (member of the board of directors) Promenad Intressenter AB (member of the board of directors) Malte Månson Holding AB (member of the board of directors) Åkestam.Holst Intressenter AB (member of the board of directors) Luc Missorten Independent Born in 1955, Belgian Joined the board in 2016. Competencies: Executive and non-executive general management experience Substantial experience in financial management of international corporations Selected former positions: CEO of Corelio NV 2007-2014 Group CFO and Executive Vice President for Finance at UCB S.A. 2004-2007 Executive Vice President and CFO at Inbev S.A. (now ABI) 1995-2003 Educational background: Law degree from the Catholic University of Leuven Certificate of Advanced European Studies from the College of Europe, Bruges Master of Laws from the University of California, Berkeley Directorships and other offices: Ontex Group NV (Chairman) Barco NV (member of the board of directors) Recitel NV/SA (member of the board of directors) GIMV NV (member of the board of directors) Corelio NV (member of the board of directors) Henning Kruse Petersen Independent Born in 1947, Danish Joined the board in 2010 Competencies: Extensive management experience as CEO and board member of large private, public and state-owned entities Considerable experience in economics and financing matters Selected former positions: Group Managing Director of Nykredit 1995-2007 Educational background: Master's degree in Law from Aarhus University Directorships and other offices: C.W Obel A/S (Chairman) Erhvervsinvest Management A/S (Chairman) Santa Fe Group A/S (Chairman) Den Danske Forskningsfond (Chairman) Scandinavian Private Equity A/S (Chairman) Midgard Denmark K/S (Chairman) Fritz Hansen A/S (Deputy Chairman) Skandinavisk Holding A/S (Deputy Chairman) Skandinavisk Holding II A/S (Deputy Chairman) Asgard Ltd. (Deputy Chairman) Howart University A/S (Chairman) Lunar Holding ApS (Chairman) Lunar Way A/S (Chairman) Firstaiders A/S (Chairman) The Financial Compliance Group A/S (Chairman) Proactive A/S (member of the board of directors) Det Østasiatiske Kompagnis Almennyttige Fond (member of the board of directors) Midgard Group Inc.(member of the board of directors) Dekka Holdings Ltd. (member of the board of directors) 2KJ A/S (CEO) Komplementarselskabet Midgard Denmark ApS (CEO) STG - Notice general assembly 2017 3.4.2017 This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S via Globenewswire \Hugin Udgivet af: NPinvestordk Relaterede nyheder 31/03 Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S: Skandinavisk Holding A/S and Skandinavisk Holding II A/S Sign Merger Plan 16/03 STG/CEO: Problemer i USA koster procenter på prognosen 16/03 STG kæmper med toplinjen og venter flad salgsudvikling i 2017 16/03 Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S: Annual Report 2016 16/03 Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S: Årsrapport 2016 06/03 DLH IVÆRKSÆTTER TILBAGEKØB AF EGNE AKTIER FOR DKK 6 MIO. 06/03 Announcement in accordance with the Securities Trading Act § 29 06/03 Storaktionærmeddelelse i henhold til § 29 i lov om værdipapirhandel m.v. 06/03 Indre værdi af SmallCap Danmark A/S er opgjort til 84,8 kr. pr. aktie 05/03 Ledende medarbejderes transaktioner med Gabriel Holding A/S' aktier Mest læste lige nu Aktier/tendens: Mærsk i fokus efter positiv analyse Genmab/Deutsche: Kapper købsanbefaling efter studieflop Mærsk/HSBC: Starter dækning med positiv anbefaling Tirsdagens internationale avisuddrag med Tesla, Google og IMF Asien: Få tilbageværende investorer ligger underdrejede   Strategier du kan handle Navn   +/-(%)   Tid Dan Kristensen   -0,19%   03/04/17 Dan Kristensen II   -0,02%   03/04/17 Dan Kristensen III   -0,15%   03/04/17 Dan Kristensen IV   -0,31%   03/04/17 Danske Bank Swing   0,00%   03/04/17 Nasdaq 100   0,00%   09:04:01 Novozymes Swing   0,00%   03/04/17 To-i-en - EUR/USD   0,00%   09:04:01 Social Copy trading - kopier handler fra ovenstående strategier så de eksekveres live på din egen konto. Læs mere her.   Nyhedsagent Få lynhurtigt kurspåvirkende nyheder om favoritaktierne! Prøv vores gratis nyhedsagent hvor du modtager nyheder om dine favoritaktier så snart de sker. Læs mere om Nyhedsagenten - klik her Seneste nyheder 367129 08:19 Aktier/tendens: Mærsk i fokus efter positiv analyse 367130 08:13 Tirsdagens internationale avisuddrag med Tesla, Google og IMF 367128 07:36 Mærsk/HSBC: Starter dækning med positiv anbefaling 367126 07:13 Genmab/Deutsche: Kapper købsanbefaling efter studieflop 367125 07:07 Obligationer/tendens: Draghi og europæisk detailsalg tiltrækker fokus 367121 07:00 60 procent flere nye boliger til salg siden januar 367123 06:50 Asien: Få tilbageværende investorer ligger underdrejede 367122 06:50 FC København vender truende nederlag til sejr 367120 06:43 Kalender - tirsdag den 4 april 367119 06:39 STG har fundet nyt gammel ansigt som formandens afløser i bestyrelsen ‹‹   Side 1   ›› Copyright © All rights reserved NPinvestor A/S c/o Copenhagen Fintech Lab Applebys Plads 7 1411 København K 88 30 00 00 [email protected] CVR-nr. 25499875 Kontakt Om NPinvestor Annoncering Hjælp/FAQ Produkter Kom godt igang Nyhedsarkiv Vilkår og betingelser Privacy policy Ansvarsfraskrivelse Ophavsret int(0)
View Issue Subscribe D Magazine View Issue Subscribe D CEO View Issue Subscribe D Home Iconic Dishes Trinity River Guide Newcomer's Guide Magazines Subscribe Leave Us Feedback News Food Entertainment Home Health Business Weddings Neighborhood Guides Let’s Make Dallas Even Better Photo by Elizabeth Lavin Podcasts New Podcast: Regina Merson on Tequila, Mean Girls, and Revolutionary Beauty The founder of Reina Rebelde proves a bold lip can change your world view. By Kathy Wise Published in FrontBurner April 3, 2017 11:18 am After a little bit of a hiatus, BraBurner is back this week at El Bolero restaurant on Oak Lawn to chat with Regina Merson, founder of the Reina Rebelde makeup line. Before she got into makeup, Merson was a bankruptcy attorney with Weil Gotshal & Manges in Dallas. Before that, she was escaping kidnappers in Bangkok. Before that, she was developing her obsession with the power of beauty while watching her mom get dressed for the disco. We talked with Merson about her taste for tequila, heading into the jungles of Mexico for eyeliner inspiration, and how to know when the time is right for a new Plan A, no matter what your friends say. As always, you can listen through the player below or you can download the episode with your favorite podcatcher. On with the show notes: 1. For information on how to avoid being kidnapped in a taxicab in Bangkok, read this. 2. The Zapatistas, or Zapatista Army of National Liberation, is a predominantly indigenous leftist revolutionary group based in Chiapas, one of the poorest states in southern Mexico. The group takes its name from Emiliano Zapata, the commander of the Liberation Army of the South during the Mexican Revolution. In 1993, the Zapatistas passed the Women’s Revolutionary Law, which sets forth basic rights for women, including the right to political participation, the right to be free from violence, the right to choose your own romantic partner, and the right to wear eyeliner with your face mask. 3. Reina Rebelde translates as “Rebel Queen.” 4. Reina Rebelde’s universal red lipstick, Brava, is the color equivalent of “Bitch Be Angry.” 5. The floral Moooi Eden Queen rug used as the backdrop for Regina’s photo shoot is available through Scott + Cooner for $4,995. 6. In the early 2000s, the Hispanic advertising agency Bromley Communications conducted the Charmin case study on behalf of their client, Proctor & Gamble. They determined that Hispanic women are avid “scent seekers” who enjoy making their homes smell good and are willing to pay more for products that offer aesthetic benefits in addition to functional ones. Meaning, Hispanic women will pay more for scented toilet paper. 7. The Oilman is a jet black margarita made from Código 1530 tequila, lime juice, blackberry juice, agave, and Cointreau Noir that is garnished with gold stars, gold kosher salt, and house-made rock candy. Feel free to eat the rock candy or use it to “twirly twirl” your blush-worthy, aesthetically spectacular drink. Beauty Business Podcasts Travel Tags: Regina Merson Most Popular Founder Mico Rodriguez Tossed Out of Mesero Restaurant Group? By Nancy Nichols The People (and Characters) of Fan Expo Dallas By Alex Macon Grandscape Development Breaks Ground on Lifestyle Center in The Colony By Lily Corral Disconnected City: Ambitious Effort to Rethink Trinity and Downtown Appears Dead By DOYLE RADER WeWork Selects Thanksgiving Tower for Southern HQ By Danielle Abril Keep me up to date on the latest happenings and all that D Magazine has to offer. Related Content Business Dallas 500: The C-Suite Gable Mansfield Business Dallas 500: Leading Industries Glenn Hunter Business Dallas 500: Education and Healthcare Gable Mansfield Beauty Bar D Magazine Comments D Magazine Partners 750 North St.Paul St. Suite 2100 Dallas, Texas 75201 Tel: 214.939.3636 Fax: 214.748.4579 CONTACT US Sections FrontBurner Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Nightlife Home & Design Shopping & Fashion Health & Fitness Business & Economy Weddings Publications D Magazine D Home D CEO Subscribe Renew Subscriber Services Company Info About Us Masthead Job Openings Internships Awards Customer Service Advertise Media Kits Events Case Studies Contact Us Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Copyright © 2017, D Magazine Partners, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Advertisement will run for seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Cosmeceuticals Market to Observe Strong Development by 2022 The Cosmeceuticals Market report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies. Global Cosmeceuticals Market is segmented on the basis of product type, ingredient and region. Based on the product type segmentation includes hair care, skincare, lip care, tooth whitening, injectable and others. Of which skincare is expected to be the dominating segment, followed by hair care in the forecasted period. Among skincare, anti-ageing sub-segment is expected to contribute maximum revenue over the forecasted period. However, the injectable segment is expected to witness the fastest growth in the next four to five years due to the various advantages such as weight treatment and wrinkle reducer associated with it. Based on the ingredient used, cosmeceuticals market is segmented into antioxidants, proteins, peptides, botanicals, moisturizers and others. Of which antioxidant segment is the leading segment which is expected to contribute the highest revenue during the forecasted period. Global cosmeceuticals market is segmented on the basis of a region into North America, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia-Pacific excluding Japan, Middle East and Africa, and Japan. The Global Cosmeceuticals market is expected to witness robust growth over the forecasted period due to the rising consumer awareness regarding the benefits of cosmeceuticals coupled with increasing number of premium quality cosmeceuticals products. Globally, among all regions, North America is expected to contribute the highest market share, followed by Europe over the forecasted period. However, Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness the highest growth owing to the rising disposable income of consumers in various countries. In Asia Pacific, Japan is anticipated to contribute highest market share and expected to grow with highest CAGR, followed by China. Major factors that fuel the growth of cosmeceuticals market includes increasing consumer consciousness regarding the appearance and increasing number of urban population coupled with rising consumer awareness related to benefits of cosmeceuticals. Another factor that is driving the growth of cosmeceuticals market is increasing the affordability of consumers in the emerging markets such as China and India. A major factor that restraints the growth of cosmeceuticals market is growing consumer awareness related to harmful effects of ingredients used in cosmeceuticals. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/8938 Major companies operating in cosmeceuticals market are Procter and Gamble, L’Oreal SA, Unilever, Active Organics, Allergan, Arch Chemicals, Inc., BASF SE, Bayer AG, Symrise AG. Companies operating in cosmeceuticals market are adopting a strategy by investing the huge amount in research and development (R&D) activities in order to launch new products and penetrate into emerging markets. Companies are developing new ingredients such as peptides and stem cells for cosmeceuticals products. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/8938 About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCosmeceuticals, Cosmeceuticals Market, Global 1, Global Cosmeceuticals, Global Cosmeceuticals Market, Google News, Healthcare Market, Life Sciences, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satPRnews, Transformational Health Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Novo Nordisk A/S – Share repurchase programme Next PostNext Roblon A/S: Roblon A/S styrker Roblon Industrial Fiber gennem opkøb og etablering i USA Search Recent Posts ライムライトの革新的技術「Intelligent Ingest」で デジタルコンテンツの配信を簡素化し高速化 Groundbreaking safety report urges industry and regulators to improve standards of aviation English New Products: 2017 Monster Energy/Pro Circuit/Kawasaki Team Graphic Kits PointsPay Partners With Etisalat Rewards IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against FTD Companies, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News New Market Report: Global Scented Candles Market 2017-2021 Boston, MA — (SBWIRE) — 04/03/2017 — Scented candles refer to candles that have synthetic or natural scented material blended into them to provide a pleasant smell while burning. Scented candles provide a relaxing environment as a result of the fragrances released while burning. The high sales of scented candles can be attributed to a rapid surge in internet penetration, which has helped connect sellers and buyers. This has increased the sales opportunity for scented candle providers, along with providing options for consumers to choose from a broad range of products. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global scented candles market to grow at a CAGR of 5.88% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global scented candles market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from sales of scented candles used for massage purpose (includes applications in medical and intimacy industries) by end-users such as individuals and spas. Get More Details on this Report and a Full Table of Contents at Global Scented Candles Market 2017-2021 The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Technavio’s report, Global Scented Candles Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -California Exotic Novelties -P&G -LELO -Reckitt Benckiser Other prominent vendors -Gellite Gel Candles -Himalayan Trading Post -Bath & Body Works -TATINE -CoScentrix -diptyque -Lee Naturals -Magnolia Scents by Design -Mels Candles -Net-a-Porter -Northern Lights Candles -Paddywax -Southern Made Candles -Soy Works Candle Company -Stand Around Creations -The Gel Candle Company -The Yankee Candle Company Market driver -Change in consumer perspectives. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Side effects of toxic materials in products. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Increase in popularity of DIY method and localization of oil ingredient sourcing. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report -What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? -What are the key market trends? -What is driving this market? -What are the challenges to market growth? -Who are the key vendors in this market space? -What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? -What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned in this Report: California Exotic Novelties, P&G, LELO, Reckitt Benckiser, Gellite Gel Candles, Himalayan Trading Post, Bath & Body Works, TATINE, CoScentrix, diptyque, Lee Naturals, Magnolia Scents by Design, Mels Candles, Net-a-Porter, Northern Lights Candles, Paddywax, Southern Made Candles, Soy Works Candle Company, Stand Around Creations, The Gel Candle Company, The Yankee Candle Company About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world’s top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at http://www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156. Browse all Consumer Goods research reports at Fast Market Research You may also be interested in these related reports: –Global Mosquito Repellent Market 2017-2021 –Global Home Outdoor Pest Control Devices Market 2016-2020 –Global Gifts Novelty and Souvenirs Market 2016-2020 –Industrial Wax Market – Global Forecast to 2026 –Global Antibacterial Drugs Market to 2022 – Vaccines Retain Market Prominence While Pipeline Offers Innovative Approaches to Tackling Antimicrobial Resistance CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Low-Floor Hybrid Bus Market 2017: Manufacturers, Drivers, Challenges, Segment Forecasts by Applications, Solution, Deployment and End-User- 2022 Next PostNext „Global Ear-Based Hearing Aids Market 2017-2021” Published Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Michael Buckner/Getty Images For Burberry Burberry Licenses Its Fragrance and Make-Up Brands to Coty by Thomas Buckley @tgbuckley More stories by Thomas Buckley April 3, 2017, 5:58 AM EDT April 3, 2017, 8:46 AM EDT Coty pays $225 million for exclusive global license to brands Burberry seeking to cut costs as it recovers from profit slump Burberry Group Plc is licensing its fragrance and make-up brands to cosmetics manufacturer Coty Inc., handing over management of a business that has weighed on earnings and held back growth. Coty will pay about 180 million pounds ($224.9 million) in a deal that gives it the exclusive global license to Burberry’s beauty business and inventory, the trenchcoat maker said Monday in a statement. Burberry will maintain creative leadership over brands such as My Burberry and Mr Burberry fragrances, while tapping Coty’s industry knowledge and distribution network. “We never liked the idea of Burberry managing its beauty business directly,” because make-up and fragrances are fast-moving consumer businesses requiring global reach, Exane BNP Paribas analyst Luca Solca said in a note. “Burberry was a dwarf in the land of giants in this industry, and never had sufficient scale to run this business effectively.” Burberry is seeking to trim costs as it eyes a rebound from two years of declining profit. Its shares rose as much as 2 percent, building on gains from February when Groupe Bruxelles Lambert SA said it acquired a 3 percent stake. The purchase fueled speculation that the Belgian investor would push for measures to grow earnings. ‘Very Attractive’ The agreement is “very attractive” to Burberry and capital allocation will be broadly reviewed in October once the cash payments of 180 million pounds are received, Chief Financial Officer Julie Brown said in a phone interview. The total includes a 50 million-pound payment by Coty for inventory. Coty has expanded through the acquisition of beauty brands from Procter & Gamble Co. and personal-care and cosmetics units of Brazil’s Hypermarcas SA. Burberry is the latest addition to a fragrance lineup that includes Hugo Boss, Marc Jacobs and Gucci, while Coty’s beauty brands include Clairol and Rimmel. Burberry will receive cash payment in the second half of its current financial year and royalties from October, it said in the statement. Last year, Burberry’s revenue from its make-up and fragrance brands was 203 million pounds. It posted a 26.1 million-pound charge relating to the unit in November. “Working with a global partner of their scale and expertise will help drive the next phase of Burberry Beauty’s development and position this business for future growth,” Chief Executive Officer Christopher Bailey said in a statement. The deal will boost profit from the next financial year, he said. The deal was reached after a competitive process in which other cosmetics companies expressed interest, Chief Operating Officer John Smith said. It comes as Bailey prepares to make way for Marco Gobbetti, former head of fashion brand Celine, as CEO later this year. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Student Debt Giant Navient to Borrowers: You’re on Your Own Donald Trump’s Ferrari Disappoints at Florida Auction Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Musk Trolls Shorts as Tesla's Value Hits Record, Passes Ford Tesla Beats Estimate With 25,000 Deliveries as Model 3 Nears Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Love Conquers All in Ace Metrix’s List of Top Breakthrough Ads of Q1 LOS ANGELES–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Ace Metrix, the leader in measuring the impact of video advertising, today released a list of the top ten Breakthrough ads from the first quarter of 2017. The first quarter of each year reliably delivers an abundance of great advertising, as significant audience-grabbing events such as the Super Bowl, Grammy Awards, and the Oscars inspire some of the industry’s best work. This year, the close of a particularly unruly election cycle saw some brands attempt to send a message to viewers with spots on immigration, fake news, and more, while celebrity award winners shared impassioned viewpoints. However, American viewers wanted none of it, instead embracing brands that delivered ads reflecting who we are, pointedly eschewing the urge to tell us who to be or what to think. Tellingly, this top Breakthrough list reflects universal values and reminds us that love truly does conquer all. Brands that inspired us to improve our own daily lives and paid homage to our everyday struggles won out over those making broad stroke statements about worldwide issues. Below are the ads ranked by Breakthrough capacity, which combines the Attention and Likeability component scores. These are the best of the best, achieving Breakthrough levels recorded by less than 1% of all ads.   Top Breakthrough Ads of Q1, 2017                         Likeability       Attention Rank       Brand       Ad Title       Ad Length       Score       Score 1       Hyundai       A Better Super Bowl       1:30       807       805 2       Angel Soft       Happy National Single Parent’s Day       1:00       799       805 3       Coldwell Banker       Somebody to Love       1:00       779       776 4 (tie)       Sherwin-Williams       Safari       0:30       772       772 4 (tie)       Procter & Gamble       #WeSeeEqual       1:40       766       778 6       Kia       Hero’s Journey       1:00       743       797 7       Angel Soft       Just Dad       1:05       764       766 8       Skittles       Romance       0:30       758       771 9       Google       Familiar       1:00       752       772 10       LongHorn Steakhouse       LongHorn Favorites       0:30       752       767   “Reach and resonance are both necessary to achieve marketing results,” said Peter Daboll, CEO of Ace Metrix. “All the reach in the world can’t fix creative that consumers don’t connect with or simply won’t watch. According to the latest Deloitte survey, 80% of millennials and gen Z’ers skip TV and digital video commercials. A recent study published by Ad Age confirmed that the likeability of a message trumps delivery when looking at brand sales lift, which should be painfully obvious — who is going to watch something they don’t like, no matter how short? This is why our Breakthrough metric uniquely lends equal consideration to likeability as well as attention.” “To really resonate with viewers, brands need to walk the talk if they are going to deliver an emotionally evocative message that’s believable,” continued Daboll. “Congratulations to Angel Soft for securing two ads in the top ten list this quarter and to all the winners for giving us compelling storytelling that reflects their brand’s values.” Six of the top ten ads reminded us of the importance of family, with two offering kudos to single parents, and another two, the search for a home (pet or human). Angel Soft’s “Be Soft. Be Strong.” campaign landed two of the top ten, while only three Super Bowl 51 ads claimed a top position. Hyundai’s “A Better Super Bowl” earned the title of highest Breakthrough ad of the quarter by filming during the actual game as military families were connected onscreen with their enlisted family members to experience the game together. At a close second (and tied for top attention-getter) was Angel Soft’s 2:00 digital “Happy National Single Parent’s Day,” which voiced the struggles of real single parents, and announced the brand’s gifts of a year’s worth of childcare, preschool, or rent to the featured parents as a means of marking the national holiday. In third place, Coldwell Banker reminded us that we all just need “Somebody to Love” in a heartwarming spot espousing stray pet adoption. All three top Breakthrough ads brought viewers to tears without preaching a word. Tied for fourth were a long-form digital ad from Proctor & Gamble and a :30 TV spot from Sherwin-Williams, both visually evocative. Sherwin-Williams’ artistic “Safari” showcased visuals created using 30,000 paint chips by 24 production artists over 5,600 hours that were rated the single best thing by 73% of viewers. Set to the 4 Non Blondes song “What’s Up,” a combination of visuals and hopeful message elicited a strong emotional reaction to P&G’s “#WeSeeEqual” missive of inclusion in honor of International Women’s Day. Ace Metrix measures ad creative effectiveness based on viewer reaction to video ads, providing the advertising industry an unbiased resource to measure creative impact. Ace Metrix scores every national television ad, and an expanding proportion of digital ads, across 96 categories creating a complete comparative database—Ace Metrix LIVE®. A unique panel of at least 500 consumers, demographically balanced to the U.S. census, scores each ad in the exact same manner. The results are presented on a scale of 1–950, which represents scoring on creative attributes such as Attention, Likeability, Information, Change, Relevance, Desire and Watchability. Ace Metrix applies a natural language processing algorithm to the hundreds of qualitative verbatim responses collected for each ad, deriving additional metrics related to emotional engagement. About Ace Metrix Ace Metrix® is the standard in television and digital video analytics, dedicated to measuring the impact of video ad creative. We provide data and insight to enable marketers and creative teams to produce more impactful work, test and adjust creative executions in real-time, and understand what creative drivers impact their brand KPIs. http://www.acemetrix.com The Company is privately held and is backed by leading venture capital firms and industry leaders including Hummer Winblad Venture Partners, Palomar Ventures, Leapfrog Ventures and WPP. Follow Ace Metrix on Twitter: @Ace_Metrix Note: Ace Metrix®, the Ace Metrix logo design, Ace Score®, Ace Metrix LIVE® and Creative Lifecycle Management® are registered trademarks of Ace Metrix. Other trademarks are property of their respective owners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Over-The-Top Video Market Analysis Covering Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast 2022 Next PostNext CFA Institute Study Reveals Leaders Must Transform If Investment Industry is to Thrive Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Love Conquers All in Ace Metrix’s List of Top Breakthrough Ads of Q1 LOS ANGELES–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Ace Metrix, the leader in measuring the impact of video advertising, today released a list of the top ten Breakthrough ads from the first quarter of 2017. The first quarter of each year reliably delivers an abundance of great advertising, as significant audience-grabbing events such as the Super Bowl, Grammy Awards, and the Oscars inspire some of the industry’s best work. This year, the close of a particularly unruly election cycle saw some brands attempt to send a message to viewers with spots on immigration, fake news, and more, while celebrity award winners shared impassioned viewpoints. However, American viewers wanted none of it, instead embracing brands that delivered ads reflecting who we are, pointedly eschewing the urge to tell us who to be or what to think. Tellingly, this top Breakthrough list reflects universal values and reminds us that love truly does conquer all. Brands that inspired us to improve our own daily lives and paid homage to our everyday struggles won out over those making broad stroke statements about worldwide issues. Below are the ads ranked by Breakthrough capacity, which combines the Attention and Likeability component scores. These are the best of the best, achieving Breakthrough levels recorded by less than 1% of all ads.   Top Breakthrough Ads of Q1, 2017                         Likeability       Attention Rank       Brand       Ad Title       Ad Length       Score       Score 1       Hyundai       A Better Super Bowl       1:30       807       805 2       Angel Soft       Happy National Single Parent’s Day       1:00       799       805 3       Coldwell Banker       Somebody to Love       1:00       779       776 4 (tie)       Sherwin-Williams       Safari       0:30       772       772 4 (tie)       Procter & Gamble       #WeSeeEqual       1:40       766       778 6       Kia       Hero’s Journey       1:00       743       797 7       Angel Soft       Just Dad       1:05       764       766 8       Skittles       Romance       0:30       758       771 9       Google       Familiar       1:00       752       772 10       LongHorn Steakhouse       LongHorn Favorites       0:30       752       767   “Reach and resonance are both necessary to achieve marketing results,” said Peter Daboll, CEO of Ace Metrix. “All the reach in the world can’t fix creative that consumers don’t connect with or simply won’t watch. According to the latest Deloitte survey, 80% of millennials and gen Z’ers skip TV and digital video commercials. A recent study published by Ad Age confirmed that the likeability of a message trumps delivery when looking at brand sales lift, which should be painfully obvious — who is going to watch something they don’t like, no matter how short? This is why our Breakthrough metric uniquely lends equal consideration to likeability as well as attention.” “To really resonate with viewers, brands need to walk the talk if they are going to deliver an emotionally evocative message that’s believable,” continued Daboll. “Congratulations to Angel Soft for securing two ads in the top ten list this quarter and to all the winners for giving us compelling storytelling that reflects their brand’s values.” Six of the top ten ads reminded us of the importance of family, with two offering kudos to single parents, and another two, the search for a home (pet or human). Angel Soft’s “Be Soft. Be Strong.” campaign landed two of the top ten, while only three Super Bowl 51 ads claimed a top position. Hyundai’s “A Better Super Bowl” earned the title of highest Breakthrough ad of the quarter by filming during the actual game as military families were connected onscreen with their enlisted family members to experience the game together. At a close second (and tied for top attention-getter) was Angel Soft’s 2:00 digital “Happy National Single Parent’s Day,” which voiced the struggles of real single parents, and announced the brand’s gifts of a year’s worth of childcare, preschool, or rent to the featured parents as a means of marking the national holiday. In third place, Coldwell Banker reminded us that we all just need “Somebody to Love” in a heartwarming spot espousing stray pet adoption. All three top Breakthrough ads brought viewers to tears without preaching a word. Tied for fourth were a long-form digital ad from Proctor & Gamble and a :30 TV spot from Sherwin-Williams, both visually evocative. Sherwin-Williams’ artistic “Safari” showcased visuals created using 30,000 paint chips by 24 production artists over 5,600 hours that were rated the single best thing by 73% of viewers. Set to the 4 Non Blondes song “What’s Up,” a combination of visuals and hopeful message elicited a strong emotional reaction to P&G’s “#WeSeeEqual” missive of inclusion in honor of International Women’s Day. Ace Metrix measures ad creative effectiveness based on viewer reaction to video ads, providing the advertising industry an unbiased resource to measure creative impact. Ace Metrix scores every national television ad, and an expanding proportion of digital ads, across 96 categories creating a complete comparative database—Ace Metrix LIVE®. A unique panel of at least 500 consumers, demographically balanced to the U.S. census, scores each ad in the exact same manner. The results are presented on a scale of 1–950, which represents scoring on creative attributes such as Attention, Likeability, Information, Change, Relevance, Desire and Watchability. Ace Metrix applies a natural language processing algorithm to the hundreds of qualitative verbatim responses collected for each ad, deriving additional metrics related to emotional engagement. About Ace Metrix Ace Metrix® is the standard in television and digital video analytics, dedicated to measuring the impact of video ad creative. We provide data and insight to enable marketers and creative teams to produce more impactful work, test and adjust creative executions in real-time, and understand what creative drivers impact their brand KPIs. http://www.acemetrix.com The Company is privately held and is backed by leading venture capital firms and industry leaders including Hummer Winblad Venture Partners, Palomar Ventures, Leapfrog Ventures and WPP. Follow Ace Metrix on Twitter: @Ace_Metrix Note: Ace Metrix®, the Ace Metrix logo design, Ace Score®, Ace Metrix LIVE® and Creative Lifecycle Management® are registered trademarks of Ace Metrix. Other trademarks are property of their respective owners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Over-The-Top Video Market Analysis Covering Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast 2022 Next PostNext CFA Institute Study Reveals Leaders Must Transform If Investment Industry is to Thrive Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Coty Enters Strategic Partnership with Burberry, Acquiring Exclusive Long-Term License Rights for Burberry Beauty Luxury Fragrances and Cosmetics Strategic Partnership To Enhance Coty’s Global Position in Luxury Fragrances and Expand its Presence in Luxury Cosmetics April 03, 2017 05:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Coty Inc. (NYSE:COTY) announced today that it has entered into an agreement to acquire the exclusive long-term global license rights for Burberry Beauty luxury fragrances, cosmetics and skincare. This strategic partnership combines Burberry’s British heritage of innovation, craftsmanship and design with Coty’s expertise and leadership in luxury beauty products. Under the agreement, Coty will develop, manufacture and distribute the full range of Burberry Beauty products globally. Camillo Pane, CEO Coty, said, “We are proud to welcome Burberry as a strategic partner of Coty. We look forward to growing further Burberry’s luxury beauty products using Coty’s world-class expertise in developing and bringing to market beauty brands.” Edgar Huber, President Coty Luxury, added, “Burberry is an iconic luxury brand. It fits perfectly with Coty Luxury’s portfolio, which includes contemporary and globally relevant prestige beauty brands. We are uniquely positioned to develop Burberry Beauty to the next level. This is another significant step in building Coty’s Luxury division.” Commenting on the strategic partnership, Christopher Bailey, Chief Creative and Chief Executive Officer, Burberry, said, “We are delighted to partner with Coty, a world leader in luxury fragrance and make-up. Working with a global partner of Coty’s scale and expertise will help drive the next phase of Burberry Beauty’s development and position this business for growth.” The Burberry Beauty business will be managed within Coty’s Luxury division, which is the world leader in prestige fragrance with a growing presence in prestige cosmetics and skincare. Headquartered in Paris, Coty Luxury develops, produces, markets and distributes globally a range of fashion house fragrances including Gucci, Marc Jacobs, Hugo Boss, Calvin Klein, Alexander McQueen, Bottega Veneta and Balenciaga, as well as premium cosmetics and skin care under the philosophy, Lancaster and Gucci brands. Both Coty and Burberry share strong heritages, which date back to 1856 for Burberry and 1904 for Coty. Both are renowned for innovation in their fields. Coty and Burberry will work in partnership on delivering best-in-class creative executions and leverage Coty’s global capabilities in beauty strategy, innovation, supply-chain and go-to-market. Burberry beauty products will be sold in leading luxury beauty retailers globally as well as in Burberry stores and digital channels. In FY 2015/16 Burberry Beauty revenue was £203M, as disclosed in Burberry’s annual results. Coty will pay a cash consideration of £130M for the long-term exclusive global license. The deal is expected to close in calendar Q4 2017, at which point Coty will buy from Burberry approximately £50M of inventory. The deal is subject to customary regulatory approvals. About Coty Inc. Coty Inc. is one of the world’s largest beauty companies with approximately $9 billion in revenue, with a purpose to celebrate and liberate the diversity of consumers’ beauty. Its strong entrepreneurial heritage has created an iconic portfolio of leading beauty brands. Part of the S&P 500, Coty is the global leader in fragrance, a strong number two in professional salon hair color & styling, and number three in color cosmetics. Coty operates three divisions – Coty Consumer Beauty, which is focused on color cosmetics, retail hair coloring and styling products, body care and mass fragrances sold primarily in the mass retail channels with brands such as COVERGIRL, Max Factor and Rimmel; Coty Luxury, which is focused on prestige fragrances and skincare with brands such as Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs, Hugo Boss, Gucci and philosophy; and Coty Professional Beauty, which is focused on servicing salon owners and professionals in both hair and nail, with brands such as Wella Professionals, OPI, ghd and Sebastian Professional. Coty also has a 60% ownership of Younique the fast-growing peer to peer social selling international beauty ecommerce business. Coty has over 20,000 colleagues globally and its products are sold in over 130 countries. Coty and its brands are committed to a range of social causes as well as seeking to minimize its impact on the environment. Coty was founded in 1904. For additional information about Coty Inc., please visit www.coty.com. About Burberry Established in 1856, Burberry is a global British luxury brand with a heritage of innovation, craftsmanship and design. The Burberry business comprises 5 divisions: mens, womens, childrens, accessories and beauty. Burberry has launched award-winning luxury fragrances such as My Burberry and Mr Burberry, redeveloped and relaunched make-up, and boosted sales of new luxury fragrances in key markets. Burberry is headquartered in London and listed on the London Stock Exchange (BRBY.L) Burberry is a constituent of the FTSE 100 index Visit www.Burberry.com for further information. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this communication are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect Coty Inc.’s (“Coty’s”) current views with respect to, among other things, the consummation of the transactions with Burberry (the “Transactions”), the future performance and expected growth of Burberry Beauty and Coty and its luxury fragrance portfolio, and Coty’s ability to support its planned business operations on a near- and long-term basis. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by words or phrases, such as “anticipate”, “estimate”, “plan”, “project”, “expect”, “believe”, “intend”, “foresee”, “forecast”, “look forward”, “will”, “may”, “should”, “outlook”, “continue”, “target”, “aim” and similar words or phrases. These statements are based on certain assumptions and estimates that Coty considers reasonable and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Coty, which could cause actual events or results to differ materially from such statements, including: Coty’s ability to achieve its global business strategy, compete effectively in the beauty industry and achieve the benefits contemplated by the transaction with Burberry within the expected time frame; inherent risks associated with licenses generally and the Transactions specifically, including relating to control and decision-making and restrictions on Coty generally and Burberry Beauty specifically, including potential loss of the cash consideration under certain circumstances; managerial, integration, operational, regulatory, legal and financial risks and expenses associated with Coty’s strategic transactions and internal reorganizations generally and the Transactions specifically; Coty, its other brand partners and licensors’, and Burberry’s ability to obtain, maintain and protect their respective intellectual property rights, including trademarks, brand names and other intellectual property used in their respective businesses and products and Burberry Beauty and their abilities to protect their respective reputations and defend claims by third parties for infringement of intellectual property rights; the distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit and/or gray market versions of Coty’s products and Coty’s effectiveness in reducing such distribution and sale; Coty’s and Burberry’s ability to anticipate, gauge and respond to market trends and consumer preferences, which may change rapidly, and the market acceptance of new products; Coty’s ability to manage seasonal variability; the integration of The Procter & Gamble Company’s global fine fragrances, salon professional, cosmetics and retail hair color businesses along with select hair styling brands with Coty’s legacy business, operations, systems, financial data and culture and the ability to realize synergies and other potential benefits within the time frames currently contemplated; changes in law, regulations and policies that affect Coty’s business or products; Coty’s ability to successfully execute its announced intent to divest or discontinue non-core brands and to rationalize wholesale distribution by reducing the amount of product diversion to the value and mass channels; risks related to Coty’s international operations and joint ventures, including reputational, compliance, regulatory, economic and foreign political risks; Coty’s dependence on certain licenses, entities performing outsourced functions and third-party suppliers, including third party software providers; administrative, development and other difficulties in meeting the expected timing of market expansions, product launches and marketing efforts; global political and/or economic uncertainties or disruptions; increased competition, consolidation among retailers, shifts in consumers’ preferred distribution channels and other changes in the retail, e-commerce, and wholesale environment in which we do business and sell our products; disruptions in operations, including due to disruptions or consolidation in supply chain, manufacturing rights or information systems, labor disputes and natural disasters; Coty’s ability to attract and retain key personnel; and other factors described elsewhere in this document and from time to time in documents that Coty files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). More information about potential risks and uncertainties that could affect the Coty’s business and financial results is included under the heading “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Coty’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2016 and other periodic reports Coty has filed and may file with the SEC from time to time. All forward-looking statements made in this communication are qualified by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this communication, and Coty does not undertake any obligation, other than as may be required by law, to update or revise any forward-looking or cautionary statements to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of events, unanticipated or otherwise, or changes in future operating results over time or otherwise. Contacts Coty Investor Relations Kevin Monaco, +1 212 389 6815 (New York) Or Media Andraea Dawson-Shepherd, +44 20 3873 9587 (London) – ads@cotyinc.com Arnaud Leblin, +33 6 80 35 06 60 (Paris) – Arnaud_Leblin@cotyinc.com Jennifer Friedman, +1 917 754 8399 (New York) – Jennifer_Friedman@cotyinc.com Contacts Coty Investor Relations Kevin Monaco, +1 212 389 6815 (New York) Or Media Andraea Dawson-Shepherd, +44 20 3873 9587 (London) – ads@cotyinc.com Arnaud Leblin, +33 6 80 35 06 60 (Paris) – Arnaud_Leblin@cotyinc.com Jennifer Friedman, +1 917 754 8399 (New York) – Jennifer_Friedman@cotyinc.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News U.S. Beauty Devices Market to Account US $25,375.7 Million by 2020 The U.S. beauty devices market was valued at USD 9,034.2 million in 2014 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 18.8% from 2014 to 2020, to reach an estimated value of USD 25,375.7 million by 2020. The U.S. beauty devices market is witnessing significant growth due to rising in geriatric population, as these beauty devices help reverse skin aging. Moreover, increasing the prevalence of obesity resulting in cellulite accumulation and skin diseases, and harmful effects of ultraviolet radiation are also driving the market. However, there are various risks and complications associated with beauty devices such as bruising, swelling, and redness. Furthermore, the wide availability of easy-to-use beauty products inhibits the growth of the U.S. beauty devices market. The U.S. beauty devices market is anticipated to grow from USD 9,034.2 million in 2014 to USD 25,375.7 million by 2020 at a CAGR of 18.8% during the forecast period. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/4331 In North America, increasing aging population and availability of advanced devices are driving the growth in demand for beauty devices in the market. In addition, in the U.S., there are around 750,000 beauty salons and spas. These beauty salons and spas have propelled the demand for beauty devices and personal care products in order to offer better services to their customers. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/us-beau… L’Oreal Group, Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., Home Skinovations Ltd., PhotoMedex, Inc., TRIA Beauty, Inc., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Syneron Medical, Ltd., Cynosure, Inc., and Procter & Gamble Company are some of the major players in the U.S. beauty devices market. Buy Now: You can now buy a single user license of the report @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/4331 About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gas Leak Detector Market to Register US $3143.67 Million by the End of 2020 Next PostNext Worldwide ABPM Patient Monitor Market Outlook 2022: Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Share, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecasts Search Recent Posts LiDAR Market Growing at a CAGR of 25.8% During 2017 to 2022 – ReportsnReports Singapore-headquartered Excelity Global Solutions Partners With China-based WOWOO HR for Payroll and Benefits Administration NZ businesses pare back optimism in March quarter Contact fires latest salvo in loyalty schemes war Conviction a warning to whitebaiters to follow the rules Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
ABOUT / TODAY IN HISTORY / DAYTIME / CASTING NEWS / SPOILERS / PRIMETIME / WEB SERIES / NOVELAS / POLL / RATINGS / FLASHBACK The Bold and the Beautiful / Days of our Lives / General Hospital / The Young and the Restless Today in Soap Opera History (April 1) Posted by Roger Newcomb 1963: The Doctors premiered on NBC, while General Hospital made its debut on ABC. "All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity that the dry, shrivelled kernel scarcely compensates for the trouble of cracking the nut." ― Anne Brontë in "Agnes Grey" "Today in Soap Opera History" is a collection of the most memorable, interesting and influential events in the history of scripted, serialized programs. From birthdays and anniversaries to scandals and controversies, every day this column celebrates the soap opera in American culture. On this date in... 1963: NBC premiered a new daytime drama, The Doctors, created by the Orin Tovrov. The Doctors did not start as a serial; it began as a "half-hour anthology series of medical dramas, set in the large metropolitan Hope Memorial Hospital, and with the four principals alternating daily in the lead role, according to NBC's original announcement. The roles were Dr. William Scott (played by Jock Gaynor), Dr. Jerry Chandler (portrayed by Richard Roat), Dr. Elizabeth Hayes (played by Margot Moser) and Rev. Samuel Shafer, a hospital chaplain (played by Fred J. Scollay). Later in the first season, Herb Kenwith and Paul Lammers became the directors. After nine months, The Doctors shifted to a continuing story line, and by 1965, James Pritchett was portraying Dr. Matt Powers, chief of staff at Hope Hospital, and Elizabeth Hubbard was playing Dr. Althea Davis, chief of the Outpatient Clinic. Pritchett did a single performance during The Doctors' one-story-a-week phase, on June 20, 1963. "I played a corporation president running away and having a broken back that brought me to the hospital." He returned to The Doctors on July 9, 1963 as Dr. Matt Powers when the serial was still was still a one-story-a-week show. The Doctors would remain on the air until December 31, 1982. Repeats from 1971 are currently airing on Retro TV. 1963: General Hospital, created by Frank and Doris Hursley, premiered on ABC. Read a flashback article recapping the first 12 years of stories here. Original cast members John Beradino (Dr. Steve Hardy) and Emily McLaughlin (Nurse Jessie Brewer) remained with the show for decades. GH was scheduled in the 1 p.m. ET timeslot which was a half hour that CBS gave to local affiliates (a break between The Guiding Light and top-rated As the World Turns). In the very first episode, Angie Costello was distraught about the damage to her face from the accident; Peggy was frustrated when hospital business ruined a night out on the town with her fiancé, Steve Hardy (Beradino); and the tension continued to grow in Jessie (McLaughlin) and Phil’s marriage. 1963: Ben Jerrod, Attorney at Law premiered on NBC and was the first serial to be aired regularly in color. According to The Soap Box's John Genovese, "Its historical significance ends there, because it was yanked the following June 28. A Roy Winsor Production, it starred Michael M. Ryan (now John Randolph on Another World) in the title role of an attorney whose lover jilted him, causing him to take a long look at his life and shed his high-paying position to become a small-town lawyer in a community called Indian Hill. Addison Richards co-starred as his superior, John P. Abbott. Written by William Kendall Clarke, it had great possibilities but fell prey to mismanagement on the West Coast." 1971: Michael Zaslow debuted as Roger Thorpe in The Guiding Light. 1976: On Another World, Rachel (Victoria Wyndham) told Iris (Beverlee McKinsey) no one intended to tell Mac the real reason she married Robert. 1977: On Ryan's Hope, Delia (Ilene Kristen) miscarried Patrick's (Malcolm Groome's) child and concealed it from him. Delia contacted the clinic at Riverside Hospital and spoke with Alicia Nieves (Ana Alicia). The two women became friends and Alicia was unwillingly drawn into Dee's deception. Thanks to Scott for sending in the item above. 1980: On Guiding Light, Roger Thorpe (Michael Zaslow) fell to his death in Santo Domingo, slipping from the hands of his mortal enemy, Dr. Ed Bauer (Mart Hulswit). Guiding Light shot the scenes on location in Santo Domingo along with P&G sister soap, As the World Turns, which taped newly created flashbacks of Barbara and James. 1985: On Santa Barbara, while investigating the murder of Channing Capwell Jr., Detective Cruz Castillo (A Martinez) discovered that Channing's secret lover "Lindsay Smith," had actually been a man and not a woman, as presumed. And after Lindsay (Joel Bailey) explained his past affair with Channing, Cruz correctly surmised that there was far more to the story than the man was admitting. Thanks to FoxCrane for sending in the item above. 1988: On Santa Barbara, Eden Capwell (Marcy Walker) married Cruz Castillo (A Martinez). 1993: General Hospital debuted its "Faces of the Heart" theme and opening. 2009: CBS canceled Guiding Light.  The show, which premiered on radio on January 25, 1937, would air its final episode on September 18, 2009. 2010: Actor John Forsythe, who played Blake Carrington in Dynasty, died at age 92. Celebrating a birthday today are: Jane Powell (ex-Rebecca, Loving; ex-Lisa, As the World Turns) - 89 Don Hastings (ex-Bob, As the World Turns; ex-Jack, The Edge of Night) - 84 Ali MacGraw (ex-Lady Ashley, Dynasty) - 79 Denise Nickerson (ex-Amy, Dark Shadows) - 61 Jennifer Runyon (ex-Sally, Another World) - 58 Traci Lind (ex-Pru, Ryan's Hope) - 52 Jessica Collins (ex-Avery, The Young and the Restless; ex-Dinah Lee, Loving) - 47 Bryan Buffington (ex-Bill, Guiding Light) - 38 Randy Orton (WWE) - 38 Matt Lanter (ex-Liam, 90210) - 34 Josh Zuckerman (ex-Max, 90210; ex-Eddie, Desperate Housewivees) - 33 Jendra Jarnagin (Cinematographer, In Between Men) EDITOR'S NOTE: If you would like to submit a soap history entry for this date or a future date, email editor@welovesoaps.com. Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Categories: Another World, As The World Turns, Ben Jerrod, Birthdays, General Hospital, Guiding Light, History, Ryan's Hope, Santa Barbara, The Doctors, The Edge of Night No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) CONTACT WE LOVE SOAPS: Roger Newcomb - roger@welovesoaps.com Kevin Mulcahy Jr. - kevin@welovesoaps.com           Search We Love Soaps Featured Post Book Recommendation: Agnes Nixon's 'My Life to Live' I normally wouldn't make a book recommendation only three chapters into a read, but there's a new release that will be the exceptio... Popular Posts 44th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards: Complete List of Nominations The National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (NATAS) today announced the nominees for the 44th Annual Daytime Emmy® Awards. The a... Today in Soap Opera History (March 29) 1962: Search for Tomorrow's Marge was upset when adoption plans fell through. 1982: SFT made its NBC debut. 1982: The first daytim... Today in Soap Opera History (April 3) 1956: Edge of Night's Jack was impacted by a kiss. 1972: Return to Peyton Place premiered on NBC. 1984: Edge of Night's Raven... Today in Soap Opera History (March 30) 1970: A World Apart and The Best of Everything premiered on ABC. Another World spinoff Somerset premiered on NBC. Dark Shadows' ... Today in Soap Opera History (April 2) 1951: A daytime version of Hawkins Falls premiered. 1956: As the World Turns and The Edge of Night premiered on CBS. 1971: ABC aired ... Today in Soap Opera History (March 31) "All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity tha... Longtime 'Another World' Star Michael M. Ryan Dead at 87 Michael M. Ryan debuted on NBC soap opera Another World during the show's first year on the air. Actor Michael M. Ryan, who played ... Soap Opera Spoilers - Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers - Days of our Lives Spoilers - General Hospital Spoilers - Young and the Restless Spoilers Translate Powered by Blogger.
