Back To Mobile Site Back To Mobile Site  |  Manage Subscriptions   Log Out   Log In Alerts Submit a Tip 66° Partner TV Stations Estrella TV This TV Tampa Advertisement Home About Shows Anger Management Big Bang Theory How I Met Your Mother Contests Community Community Calendar Helping Hands Pet Connection Safe Waters Photos Weather Home / Tampa Bay / Project Healthy Kids By Ben Tinker CNN Popular medications linked to higher risk of stroke PPIs widely available over the counter  UPDATED 6:08 PM EST Nov 15, 2016 Text Size: ASmall Text AMedium Text ALarge Text Mario Villafuerte/Getty Images Photos Mario Villafuerte/Getty Images Sometimes, solving one problem only creates another. Related Chelsea returns to top of Premier... Columbia suspends wrestlers over lewd... America's Cup: Land Rover BAR wins... Kanye has a lot in common with Trump Sabra recalls hummus products Millions of Americans take proton pump inhibitors to treat acid reflux and heartburn. Known as PPIs, they are among the most prescribed drugs in the United States and are widely available over the counter. But according to preliminary research presented today at an American Heart Association conference in New Orleans, these medications may also increase the risk of ischemic stroke. Ischemic strokes are the most common type of stroke, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. They occur when a blood clot cuts off blood flow to the brain. "PPIs have been associated with unhealthy vascular function, including heart attacks, kidney disease and dementia," said Dr. Thomas Sehested, the study's lead author and a researcher at the Danish Heart Foundation. "We wanted to see if PPIs also posed a risk for ischemic stroke, especially given their increasing use in the general population." Most serious warning yet The research was conducted in Denmark among a quarter-million patients who suffered from stomach pain and indigestion, and were taking one of four PPIs: Prilosec, Protonix, Prevacid or Nexium. Overall stroke risk increased 21% among patients who were taking a PPI, according to the study. At the lowest doses, the authors found either no or minimal increased risk of stroke. At the highest doses, they found that stroke risk increased 33% for Prilosec and Prevacid patients, 50% for Nexium patients and 79% for Protonix patients. In an email to CNN, P&G, the company that makes Prilosec, said the drug is an "FDA approved, safe and effective remedy to relieve frequent heartburn symptoms. Prilosec OTC has the longest history of safe and effective consumer use of any [over the counter] PPI." Takeda, the maker of Prevacid, said it could not comment on the results and conclusions of the study until the full data is published for review. "Patient safety is a top priority ... and we continuously monitor the safety of all our medicines and collaborate with regulatory agencies to ensure this information is reflected in the respective prescribing information," a spokesman said in an email to CNN. AstraZeneca, the maker of Nexium, said, "Patient safety is an important priority ... and we believe all of our PPI medicines are generally safe and effective when used in accordance with the label." A spokeswoman said the company was not consulted during the research, so it could not comment on the data. Pfizer, the maker of Protonix, did not respond to CNN's request for comment. "At one time, PPIs were thought to be safe, without major side effects," Sehested said. "This study further questions the cardiovascular safety of these drugs." For years, doctors have questioned whether too many people are taking heartburn drugs. A pair of 2010 studies found that PPIs were associated with an increased risk of a serious bacterial infection. Stomach acid seems to play a role in killing off both good and bad bacteria in our gut. When someone is taking PPIs, their amount of stomach acid is reduced, and it creates an environment in which bacteria can flourish. "As a culture, we tend to want a pill to deal with our problems, when a lot of people could reduce their heartburn by eating smaller meals, drinking less alcohol or not smoking," Dr. Michael Katz, who wrote an editorial accompanying the studies, told CNN in 2010. In April, another study published in the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology found that patients who took PPIs had a 96% increased risk of kidney failure and a 28% increased risk of kidney disease, compared with those who were prescribed alternative medications. What are the alternatives? Medical professionals estimate that the majority of people who suffer from acid reflux or heartburn could drastically or completely reduce their discomfort by making a few lifestyle changes: quit smoking, lose weight and cut back on spicy and fatty foods. If your doctor determines that you do need pills for your problem, pharmacist NaaDede Badger-Plange suggests starting with an antacid, such as Tums, Rolaids or Maalox. "Antacids usually would help if you have less than one incident a week," Badger-Plange said. "So, if you have heartburn very rarely -- especially people who have heartburn associated with certain foods -- they could take antacids." Antacids provide quick relief, but only for a short amount of time, said Badger-Plange, and consumers should pay close attention to the ingredients on the label. If you're pregnant, you should avoid sodium bicarbonate and magnesium trisilicate. Patients with kidney disease should avoid antacids that contain aluminum. For longer-lasting relief, H2 antagonist medications (also called H2 blockers) are also an option, but they can take a few hours to kick in. "One thing to keep in mind is, certain products that are in the H2 receptor antagonist class have drug interactions," Badger-Plange said. "So, if you have a lot of medications, you probably want to check with your pharmacist at the counter to make sure it's OK to take those medications." As always, you should talk to your doctor before starting or stopping any medication -- prescribed or over the counter. For years, Katz has been worried that PPIs "reinforce the idea that the solution to behavioral health issues is to take a pill, and that's just not how we're going to get healthier," he said in 2010. "Consumers need to ask their doctors, 'Why am I taking this? Do I still need this? Do I have an alternative?' " Copyright 2016 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Feature Comments () Print Recommended Comments The views expressed are not those of this site, this station or its affiliated companies. By posting your comments you agree to accept our terms of use. Advertising Latest Updates Recent Stories Recent Videos Don't Miss This Advertising Advertising Best Bets MOR-TV Tampa Bay © 2016, Tampa Bay Hearst Television Inc. on behalf of WMOR. Site Map Disclosures Privacy Policy Terms of Use Public Inspection File EEO-Employment Opportunities TV Station About MOR-TV MOR-TV Jobs Captioning Contacts Advertise Sections MOR Programming MOR Bikini Community Contests Team MOR Services Email Sign-Up Social RSS ConnecTV Partners Hearst Television Lakana CNN NBC ABC Close Reset Session - Logout/Re-attempt Sign In Close Confirm Unsubscribe Are you sure you would like to unsubscribe from all current subscriptions? Yes No Confirm Delete Are you sure you want to delete your profile and all of its subscriptions? Yes No You are logged out Your profile has been deleted. Close Please set an email address for your profile No email address was supplied by . To complete your registration on this site, please supply an address. Please confirm or modify the email address to which you will have subscription offers sent. Email Save and Close Cancel Personalize Profile For a more personalized experience, please supply the following optional information. Display Name Zip Code Submit Cancel
Top Local Stories Flashpoint 11/20/2016: Dealing with difficult political discussions with family Flashpoint SB I-75 reopens at Baldwin after crash seriously injures 2 Traffic Detroit girl, 10, drowns in Chicago area hotel pool News How do you talk politics with family, friends at Thanksgiving? Flashpoint Mark Hackel discusses corruption charges in Macomb County Flashpoint SB I-75 closed at Baldwin due to crash; police issue warning News Dearborn's Festival of Trees raises funds for pediatric research News Metro Detroit Weather: Cold, blustery Sunday News Some areas of southeast Michigan see snow Weather Shots ring out at Southfield bar, 3 injured News Turkey drive takes place in Dearborn, feeds 1,000 families News Taboo from Black Eyed Peas opens up about cancer diagnosis Health Health Popular heartburn medications linked to higher risk of stroke PPIs widely available over the counter By BEN TINKER , CNN Posted: 4:02 PM, November 15, 2016 Updated: 4:34 PM, November 15, 2016 David Rust/CNN Drug companies say longer periods of exclusivity over research encourages investment in developing cures. But longer terms can also keep cheaper versions off the market. The potential for compromise over this issue was reportedly a final key to a (CNN) - Sometimes, solving one problem only creates another. Millions of Americans take proton pump inhibitors to treat acid reflux and heartburn. Known as PPIs, they are among the most prescribed drugs in the United States and are widely available over the counter. But according to preliminary research presented today at an American Heart Association conference in New Orleans, these medications may also increase the risk of ischemic stroke. Ischemic strokes are the most common type of stroke, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. They occur when a blood clot cuts off blood flow to the brain. "PPIs have been associated with unhealthy vascular function, including heart attacks, kidney disease and dementia," said Dr. Thomas Sehested, the study's lead author and a researcher at the Danish Heart Foundation. "We wanted to see if PPIs also posed a risk for ischemic stroke, especially given their increasing use in the general population." Most serious warning yet The research was conducted in Denmark among a quarter-million patients who suffered from stomach pain and indigestion, and were taking one of four PPIs: Prilosec, Protonix, Prevacid or Nexium. Overall stroke risk increased 21% among patients who were taking a PPI, according to the study. At the lowest doses, the authors found either no or minimal increased risk of stroke. At the highest doses, they found that stroke risk increased 33% for Prilosec and Prevacid patients, 50% for Nexium patients and 79% for Protonix patients. In an email to CNN, P&G, the company that makes Prilosec, said the drug is an "FDA approved, safe and effective remedy to relieve frequent heartburn symptoms. Prilosec OTC has the longest history of safe and effective consumer use of any [over the counter] PPI." Takeda, the maker of Prevacid, said it could not comment on the results and conclusions of the study until the full data is published for review. "Patient safety is a top priority ... and we continuously monitor the safety of all our medicines and collaborate with regulatory agencies to ensure this information is reflected in the respective prescribing information," a spokesman said in an email to CNN. AstraZeneca, the maker of Nexium, said, "Patient safety is an important priority ... and we believe all of our PPI medicines are generally safe and effective when used in accordance with the label." A spokeswoman said the company was not consulted during the research, so it could not comment on the data. Pfizer, the maker of Protonix, did not respond to CNN's request for comment. "At one time, PPIs were thought to be safe, without major side effects," Sehested said. "This study further questions the cardiovascular safety of these drugs." For years, doctors have questioned whether too many people are taking heartburn drugs. A pair of 2010 studies found that PPIs were associated with an increased risk of a serious bacterial infection. Stomach acid seems to play a role in killing off both good and bad bacteria in our gut. When someone is taking PPIs, their amount of stomach acid is reduced, and it creates an environment in which bacteria can flourish. "As a culture, we tend to want a pill to deal with our problems, when a lot of people could reduce their heartburn by eating smaller meals, drinking less alcohol or not smoking," Dr. Michael Katz, who wrote an editorial accompanying the studies, told CNN in 2010. In April, another study published in the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology found that patients who took PPIs had a 96% increased risk of kidney failure and a 28% increased risk of kidney disease, compared with those who were prescribed alternative medications. What are the alternatives? Medical professionals estimate that the majority of people who suffer from acid reflux or heartburn could drastically or completely reduce their discomfort by making a few lifestyle changes: quit smoking, lose weight and cut back on spicy and fatty foods. If your doctor determines that you do need pills for your problem, pharmacist NaaDede Badger-Plange suggests starting with an antacid, such as Tums, Rolaids or Maalox. "Antacids usually would help if you have less than one incident a week," Badger-Plange said. "So, if you have heartburn very rarely -- especially people who have heartburn associated with certain foods -- they could take antacids." Antacids provide quick relief, but only for a short amount of time, said Badger-Plange, and consumers should pay close attention to the ingredients on the label. If you're pregnant, you should avoid sodium bicarbonate and magnesium trisilicate. Patients with kidney disease should avoid antacids that contain aluminum. For longer-lasting relief, H2 antagonist medications (also called H2 blockers) are also an option, but they can take a few hours to kick in. "One thing to keep in mind is, certain products that are in the H2 receptor antagonist class have drug interactions," Badger-Plange said. "So, if you have a lot of medications, you probably want to check with your pharmacist at the counter to make sure it's OK to take those medications." As always, you should talk to your doctor before starting or stopping any medication -- prescribed or over the counter. For years, Katz has been worried that PPIs "reinforce the idea that the solution to behavioral health issues is to take a pill, and that's just not how we're going to get healthier," he said in 2010. "Consumers need to ask their doctors, 'Why am I taking this? Do I still need this? Do I have an alternative?' " Copyright 2016 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Estee Lauder announces purchase of popular makeup brand Too Faced The $1.45 billion purchase will be the cosmetic brand’s biggest-ever acquisition. Too Faced, popular with millennial and Gen Z consumers, will be complementary to Estee Lauder's MAC Cosmetics brand. By Nick Turner Stephanie WongBloomberg Tues., Nov. 15, 2016 Estee Lauder Cos., making the biggest acquisition in its history, agreed to buy cosmetics company Too Faced for about $1.45 billion, scooping up a makeup brand popular with millennials. Too Faced, which is expected to top $270 million in net sales this year, will help Estee Lauder expand in e-commerce and specialty stores, according to a statement Monday. The purchase is expected to be completed next month. The deal, which would dwarf Estee Lauder’s previous acquisitions, extends a run of industry mergers this year. Coty Inc. acquired more than 40 of Procter & Gamble Co.’s beauty brands last month in a transaction worth $12.5 billion. And Revlon Inc. agreed to acquire Elizabeth Arden Inc. in June for about $419 million. Too Faced, started by Jerrod Blandino and Jeremy Johnson, would let Estee Lauder reach younger shoppers and will be complementary to MAC, the parent company’s biggest makeup brand. Article Continued Below Too Faced, based in Los Angeles, has 7.3 million Instagram followers and sells makeup for the eyes, face and lips in quirky packaging. Its best-selling mascara is called “Better Than Sex.” “We like the acquisition,” Jason Gere, an analyst at KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., said in a report. “Estee Lauder has a demonstrated history of success in driving scale of smaller, high-growth brands on its global platform.” Estee Lauder, which also bought makeup brand Becca this month, could use a boost after delivering a disappointing forecast to investors. It plans to add its newly acquired brands into its 2017 guidance, which will be announced during its second-quarter earnings in February, Chief Financial Officer Tracey Travis said on a conference call Tuesday. The Too Faced acquisition will reduce earnings in 2017, but will improve them after that, she said. Estee Lauder, based in New York, suffered its worst stock rout in more than a year on Nov. 2 after saying that earnings would be $1.10 to $1.15 a share this quarter. Analysts had estimated $1.31 on average. Its shares are down 11 per cent this year. Chief Executive Officer Fabrizio Freda said that declining traffic at mid-tier U.S. department stores contributed to the slowdown. That has increased the urgency of owning brands that sell via the internet and other channels -- Too Faced’s strength. The acquisition target has seen sales grow more than 70 per cent this year and 60 per cent on a compound annual basis over the past three years, and the company expects the growth rate to continue. The brand “strengthens our leadership in the fastest-growing product category in the global prestige beauty makeup,” Freda said on the conference call. “It increases our penetration with millennial and Gen Z consumers, who are socially connected beauty enthusiasts.” Too Faced, whose customers are mostly under 40, currently gets about 83 per cent of its sales from North America. It will be expanded in the U.S. and internationally, as well as in travel retail globally, Freda said. Estee Lauder, which has made seven acquisitions since 2014, will continue to look for M&A opportunities, he said Tuesday. Cosmetics companies have been seeking new sales channels as the department-store makeup counter loses its allure. L’Oreal SA, for instance, agreed in July to spend $1.2 billion to buy IT Cosmetics. That business sells through QVC and the Shopping Channel, as well as retailers such as Ulta and Sephora. The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 1°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs How to have the best time at Sunday’s Toronto Santa Claus Parade The annual parade is this Sunday. Here’s how to make the most of the happy day. First tip: Bring a blanket! News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
nechronicleLoad mobile navigation News Latest News North East News Traffic & Travel TV News Celebs History Crime Politics Education Health Property Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Arts & Culture Film ShoppingExpand Business Business News Commercial Property Farming Business OpinionExpand Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Sport Latest Sport Football Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Cricket Speedway Basketball Athletics Other Sport Fantasy FootballExpand In Your Area County Durham Gateshead Newcastle upon Tyne North Tyneside Northumberland South Tyneside Sunderland See all locationsExpand Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Book an Ad Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East Home Business Business News Top 200 Business Only a handful of firms survive from first list of North East's largest companies Analysis of the first Top 50 published by The Journal in 1978 show that most of the top companies then have closed or been sold  Share  Comments ByGraeme Whitfield 16:24, 15 NOV 2016 Updated10:54, 16 NOV 2016 Business The drinks reception for the Journal's Top 200 Business Awards  Share  Comments Get business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Only a handful of companies from the first ever list of the region’s top companies have made it into the 2016 list. The Journal first published a Top 50 in 1978, with the table topped by Northern Engineering, a collective of North East engineering companies with an estimated turnover of £400m, most of which are now under different ownership. They were followed in the table by Allied Suppliers and Procter and Gamble, which was a staple in the list until 2000 when it was decided that the American company’s presence in the North East was no longer a decision-making centre. Other companies in the 1978 Top 10 were Sunderland department store chain Binns, which became absorbed into the House of Fraser business, Vaux Breweries, which closed in 2000, and Barratt developments, which moved its headquarters out of the North East in the Noughties. The Journal and Gazette Top 200 Business Breakfast Awards 2016 held at the Stadium of Light View gallery Other well-known names to have disappeared from the history of the Top 200 including shipbuilders Swan Hunter, bakers Carrick’s and supermarket chain Walter Wilson. Some firms have remained in the list of top companies throughout its history, however, with Fenwicks being ranked 15th in 1978 and the company still in 2016’s list, now ranked 23rd. Developers Bellway were ranked 19th in the first table and are now fifth, its turnover rising from £30m in 1978 to £2.2bn in its latest accounts. Read More Nissan takes crown as the North East's largest company in Journal's Top 200 event The first ever Top 50 also lists the top employers in the North East and shows huge changes from an era where nationalised industries dominated the region. Top employer in 1978 was the National Coal Board, with 37,000 employees in the North East, followed by British Shipbuilders and British Steel. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business Newsletter Follow @EveningChron Subscribe to our Business newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Top 200 Sunderland business all Most Read Most Recent Business InterviewsMeet the Northumberland farmer's daughter making waves in the North East technology sector Coreena Ford meets a Northumberland farmer’s daughter who now plays a leading role in the technology sector Newcastle Central StationHadrian's Tipi winter retreat set to open at Newcastle central station The huge tepee-style tent will act as a warming bar and eatery for shoppers over the Christmas period CramlingtonTommee Tippee respond to 300 help offers in search of 'little blue cup' The Cramlington firm's social media team are set to reveal how many special cups have been found for autistic Ben Carter GatesheadGateshead's Atomhawk produces amazing designs for virtual reality games Atomhawk has worked with gaming giants CCP and Sony to design parts of new releases Eve: Valkyrie and RIGS: Mechanised Combat League North TynesideLive in North Tyneside? New service will see Sunday roasts delivered to your front door Weddles Sunday Roast Delivery's traditional English takeout has proved a hit with busy families GatesheadGateshead's Atomhawk produces amazing designs for virtual reality games Atomhawk has worked with gaming giants CCP and Sony to design parts of new releases Eve: Valkyrie and RIGS: Mechanised Combat League Business InterviewsMeet the Northumberland farmer's daughter making waves in the North East technology sector Coreena Ford meets a Northumberland farmer’s daughter who now plays a leading role in the technology sector Newcastle upon TyneNewcastle's Dakota designers up for international award for Swiss bar project Dakota House of Design's work on Soho, a luxury leisure venue is Basel, has been singled out Tyne & WearNorth East businesses told to grow by targeting exports Entrepreneurs' Forum releases research showing that growth companies in the North East are optimistic for the year ahead CramlingtonTommee Tippee respond to 300 help offers in search of 'little blue cup' The Cramlington firm's social media team are set to reveal how many special cups have been found for autistic Ben Carter Most Read Most Recent Newcastle United FCLeeds 0-2 Newcastle LIVE: United win again - here's all the reaction as they consolidate their lead Live updates as Newcastle United take on Leeds United at Elland Road as Championship action returns after the international break Match ReportsLeeds 0-2 Newcastle match report: Rampant Magpies on the brink of history after latest win Newcastle United fought with Leeds for the first time since 2003 in a competitive game and netted their ninth win in a row Newcastle United FCWatch the spine-tingling 11th minute tribute to Gary Speed from Newcastle and Leeds fans Newcastle United and Leeds United fans joined in an 11th minute tribute to Gary Speed - watch it here Newcastle City CentreMan fighting for life after serious assault outside Newcastle city centre takeaway A 31-year-old man suffered life threatening injuries in the alleged assault on Marlborough Place Dwight GayleRafa Benitez on Dwight Gayle: Why he picked him - and what he made of nightclub altercation stories Dwight Gayle has taken his tally to 13 goals for the season after a great win at Elland Road and his manager spoke about the striker Newcastle United FCLeeds 0-2 Newcastle fan pictures: United fans celebrate latest win, and also honour Gary Speed Newcastle United fans witnessed their side record an eighth consecutive league win, while they came together with Leeds to pay tribute to Gary Speed Newcastle United FCLeeds 0-2 Newcastle: Read Lee Ryder's player ratings as United win at Elland Road Newcastle United showed their quality throughout at Elland Road in a superb 2-0 win to keep them flying high at the top of the Championship A1Durham University student named as man killed in early hours crash on the A1 in County Durham Askar Abilpanov is believed to have been hit by a lorry on Saturday morning - police are appealing for witnesses Newcastle City CouncilCouncil leaders call on government to prioritise Northern rail network in autumn statement The call for funding comes just day ahead of the the Chancellor's autumn statement Sunderland AFCSunderland honour Charlie Hurley: Relive the return of the King at the Stadium of Light Sunderland beat Hull City 3-0 on the day they dubbed Charlie Hurley Day as they honoured the club legend at the Stadium of Light Top Stories FellingTerrified gran tackles chip pan blaze and spends three days in intensive care Maria Burrell says she was minutes from death after burning her arms and suffering severe smoke inhalation Millennium BridgeDomestic violence protestors gather on Millennium Bridge over welfare system changes Sisters Uncut stormed the bridge to highlight how changes to the welfare system could be endangering vulnerable women's lives Houghton-le-SpringLooking for a modern new home? These houses are the last on a new development to go on the market Builder says their Clarence Court homes in Houghton-le-Spring are going, going, but not quite gone Newcastle United FCLeeds 0-2 Newcastle: Read Lee Ryder's player ratings as United win at Elland Road Newcastle United showed their quality throughout at Elland Road in a superb 2-0 win to keep them flying high at the top of the Championship South ShieldsPolice trying to identify woman whose body was found in a South Shields park pond Police are trying to identify the woman's body, which was discovered in Temple Park's pond at 8am Tyne and Wear MetroMonths of disruption on the way for motorists and Metro users One of Newcastle's busiest roads is set to be closed and Metro services suspended while improvement works are carried out A1Durham University student named as man killed in early hours crash on the A1 in County Durham Askar Abilpanov is believed to have been hit by a lorry on Saturday morning - police are appealing for witnesses Newcastle City CouncilCouncil leaders call on government to prioritise Northern rail network in autumn statement The call for funding comes just day ahead of the the Chancellor's autumn statement Match ReportsLeeds 0-2 Newcastle match report: Rampant Magpies on the brink of history after latest win Newcastle United fought with Leeds for the first time since 2003 in a competitive game and netted their ninth win in a row RoadworksEverything you need to know about plans to revamp three key routes across Newcastle Haddricks Mill roundabout, Killingworth Road and Blue House roundabout are all set for major changes Chi Onwurah'Brain drain' harming North East economy with thousands of workers shunning region for London The number of graduates leaving the region for London is stifling the potential for growth, say Homes for the North I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of HereScarlett Moffatt: how she lost three stone in six months ahead of I'm A Celebrity The Gogglebox star from County Durham is strealing hearts on the ITV show and is inspiring women after her weight loss News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay

Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report MOIL slides after poor Q2 financials Business Standard Market turns range bound Capital Market  November 15, 2016 Last Updated at 13:11 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJDEZv Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday low Sensex, Nifty trim gains after hitting highest level in more than a week Sensex, Nifty hit over one-week low Sensex, Nifty settle at over 4-week low Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday high Key benchmark indices were hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 369.77 points or 1.38% at 26,449.05. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 147.10 points or 1.77% at 8,149.20. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than seven losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,255 shares fell and 293 shares rose. A total of 109 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 4.01%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 4.70%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. Drug major Lupin was down 1.96% at Rs 1,431.50. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that its US subsidiary, Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has launched its Amabelz Tablets (Estradiol arid Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg) having received an approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) earlier to market a generic version of Amneal Pharmaceuticals' Activella Tablets (Estradiol and Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg). Amabelz Tablets are indicated in a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is also indicated n a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause. State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals (Bhel) was down 1.14% to Rs 134.90. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that it has achieved yet another milestone in expanding and consolidating its footprint in the international market by securing export orders for supply of industrial motors to Togo and Benin. Scancem International DA, Norway (Heidelberg Cement group) has placed the order for the motors for their cement plants, Ciments Du Togo S.A. & Cimbenin S.A, Benin. The motors will be manufactured and supplied by Bhel's Bhopal unit. FMCG shares declined. Britannia Industries (down 8.03%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 6.1%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 5.97%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 5.78%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 4.34%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 4.2%), Marico (down 4.04%), Nestle India (down 3.05%), Dabur India (down 2.85%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.45%) and Hindustan Unilever (down 0.02%), edged lower. Power generation stocks declined. JSW Energy (down 6.21%), Reliance Infrastructure (down 5.41%), Torrent Power (down 3.93%), Tata Power (down 3.75%), Reliance Power (down 2.77%), NHPC (down 2.56%), GMR Infrastructure (down 2.12%), Jaiprakash Power Ventures (down 1.95%), Adani Power (down 1.59%), CESC (down 1.57%) and NTPC (down 1.09%), edged lower. State-run Coal India was down 2.73%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 0.46%. In overseas markets, Asian stocks trade mixed. US stocks closed little changed yesterday, 14 November 2016, after rising dramatically the week before and a decline in the technology sector offset a steep rise in financial stocks as investors bet on higher interest rates. The Dow Jones Industrial Average settled at another record closing high. Back home, likely short term negative impact on the economy of the recent demonetization of higher denomination notes by the Indian government and uncertainty over the future policies of newly elected US president Donald Trump and their impact on the global economy continued to weigh on sentiment. The Indian government on 8 November 2016, removed legal tender of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 with effect from 9 November 2016, and gave time till December end to deposit these notes in the banks in a biggest crackdown on black money. The move is likely to affect consumption due to cash liquidity crunch and will pull down the growth of economy in short term while in the long term it is expected have a positive impact on the economy. The recent selling by the foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) of Indian stocks also affected sentiment. FPIs sold shares worth a net Rs 1493.27 crore on Friday, 11 November 2016, as per provisional data released by the stock exchanges, when indices slumped around 2.5% on that day. On macro front, inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) eased slightly to 3.39% (provisional) in October 2016 over October 2015, as compared to 3.57% (provisional) for the September 2016 and -3.7% in October 2015. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 4.34% compared to a build up rate of 0.45% in the corresponding period of the previous year. The data was announced during market hours today, 15 November 2016. The government will announce monthly inflation data based on consumer price index (CPI) for October 2016 after market hours today, 15 November 2016. India's consumer prices increased by 4.31% year-on-year in September 2016, easing from a 5.05% growth in August. The industrial production (IIP) data announced after market hours on Friday, 11 November 2016 showed that IIP rose 0.7% in September 2016 over September 2015. The IIP contracted 0.7% in August, and shrank 2.5% in July. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Nifty | Sensex | Bse PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Market turns range bound Key benchmark indices were hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 369.77 points or 1.38% at 26,449.05. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 147.10 points or 1.77% at 8,149.20. Key benchmark indices were hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 369.77 points or 1.38% at 26,449.05. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 147.10 points or 1.77% at 8,149.20. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than seven losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,255 shares fell and 293 shares rose. A total of 109 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 4.01%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 4.70%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. Drug major Lupin was down 1.96% at Rs 1,431.50. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that its US subsidiary, Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has launched its Amabelz Tablets (Estradiol arid Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg) having received an approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) earlier to market a generic version of Amneal Pharmaceuticals' Activella Tablets (Estradiol and Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg). Amabelz Tablets are indicated in a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is also indicated n a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause. State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals (Bhel) was down 1.14% to Rs 134.90. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that it has achieved yet another milestone in expanding and consolidating its footprint in the international market by securing export orders for supply of industrial motors to Togo and Benin. Scancem International DA, Norway (Heidelberg Cement group) has placed the order for the motors for their cement plants, Ciments Du Togo S.A. & Cimbenin S.A, Benin. The motors will be manufactured and supplied by Bhel's Bhopal unit. FMCG shares declined. Britannia Industries (down 8.03%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 6.1%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 5.97%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 5.78%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 4.34%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 4.2%), Marico (down 4.04%), Nestle India (down 3.05%), Dabur India (down 2.85%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.45%) and Hindustan Unilever (down 0.02%), edged lower. Power generation stocks declined. JSW Energy (down 6.21%), Reliance Infrastructure (down 5.41%), Torrent Power (down 3.93%), Tata Power (down 3.75%), Reliance Power (down 2.77%), NHPC (down 2.56%), GMR Infrastructure (down 2.12%), Jaiprakash Power Ventures (down 1.95%), Adani Power (down 1.59%), CESC (down 1.57%) and NTPC (down 1.09%), edged lower. State-run Coal India was down 2.73%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 0.46%. In overseas markets, Asian stocks trade mixed. US stocks closed little changed yesterday, 14 November 2016, after rising dramatically the week before and a decline in the technology sector offset a steep rise in financial stocks as investors bet on higher interest rates. The Dow Jones Industrial Average settled at another record closing high. Back home, likely short term negative impact on the economy of the recent demonetization of higher denomination notes by the Indian government and uncertainty over the future policies of newly elected US president Donald Trump and their impact on the global economy continued to weigh on sentiment. The Indian government on 8 November 2016, removed legal tender of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 with effect from 9 November 2016, and gave time till December end to deposit these notes in the banks in a biggest crackdown on black money. The move is likely to affect consumption due to cash liquidity crunch and will pull down the growth of economy in short term while in the long term it is expected have a positive impact on the economy. The recent selling by the foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) of Indian stocks also affected sentiment. FPIs sold shares worth a net Rs 1493.27 crore on Friday, 11 November 2016, as per provisional data released by the stock exchanges, when indices slumped around 2.5% on that day. On macro front, inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) eased slightly to 3.39% (provisional) in October 2016 over October 2015, as compared to 3.57% (provisional) for the September 2016 and -3.7% in October 2015. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 4.34% compared to a build up rate of 0.45% in the corresponding period of the previous year. The data was announced during market hours today, 15 November 2016. The government will announce monthly inflation data based on consumer price index (CPI) for October 2016 after market hours today, 15 November 2016. India's consumer prices increased by 4.31% year-on-year in September 2016, easing from a 5.05% growth in August. The industrial production (IIP) data announced after market hours on Friday, 11 November 2016 showed that IIP rose 0.7% in September 2016 over September 2015. The IIP contracted 0.7% in August, and shrank 2.5% in July. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Market turns range bound Key benchmark indices were hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 369.77 points or 1.38% at 26,449.05. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 147.10 points or 1.77% at 8,149.20. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than seven losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,255 shares fell and 293 shares rose. A total of 109 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 4.01%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 4.70%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. Drug major Lupin was down 1.96% at Rs 1,431.50. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that its US subsidiary, Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has launched its Amabelz Tablets (Estradiol arid Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg) having received an approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) earlier to market a generic version of Amneal Pharmaceuticals' Activella Tablets (Estradiol and Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg). Amabelz Tablets are indicated in a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is also indicated n a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause. State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals (Bhel) was down 1.14% to Rs 134.90. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that it has achieved yet another milestone in expanding and consolidating its footprint in the international market by securing export orders for supply of industrial motors to Togo and Benin. Scancem International DA, Norway (Heidelberg Cement group) has placed the order for the motors for their cement plants, Ciments Du Togo S.A. & Cimbenin S.A, Benin. The motors will be manufactured and supplied by Bhel's Bhopal unit. FMCG shares declined. Britannia Industries (down 8.03%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 6.1%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 5.97%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 5.78%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 4.34%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 4.2%), Marico (down 4.04%), Nestle India (down 3.05%), Dabur India (down 2.85%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.45%) and Hindustan Unilever (down 0.02%), edged lower. Power generation stocks declined. JSW Energy (down 6.21%), Reliance Infrastructure (down 5.41%), Torrent Power (down 3.93%), Tata Power (down 3.75%), Reliance Power (down 2.77%), NHPC (down 2.56%), GMR Infrastructure (down 2.12%), Jaiprakash Power Ventures (down 1.95%), Adani Power (down 1.59%), CESC (down 1.57%) and NTPC (down 1.09%), edged lower. State-run Coal India was down 2.73%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 0.46%. In overseas markets, Asian stocks trade mixed. US stocks closed little changed yesterday, 14 November 2016, after rising dramatically the week before and a decline in the technology sector offset a steep rise in financial stocks as investors bet on higher interest rates. The Dow Jones Industrial Average settled at another record closing high. Back home, likely short term negative impact on the economy of the recent demonetization of higher denomination notes by the Indian government and uncertainty over the future policies of newly elected US president Donald Trump and their impact on the global economy continued to weigh on sentiment. The Indian government on 8 November 2016, removed legal tender of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 with effect from 9 November 2016, and gave time till December end to deposit these notes in the banks in a biggest crackdown on black money. The move is likely to affect consumption due to cash liquidity crunch and will pull down the growth of economy in short term while in the long term it is expected have a positive impact on the economy. The recent selling by the foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) of Indian stocks also affected sentiment. FPIs sold shares worth a net Rs 1493.27 crore on Friday, 11 November 2016, as per provisional data released by the stock exchanges, when indices slumped around 2.5% on that day. On macro front, inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) eased slightly to 3.39% (provisional) in October 2016 over October 2015, as compared to 3.57% (provisional) for the September 2016 and -3.7% in October 2015. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 4.34% compared to a build up rate of 0.45% in the corresponding period of the previous year. The data was announced during market hours today, 15 November 2016. The government will announce monthly inflation data based on consumer price index (CPI) for October 2016 after market hours today, 15 November 2016. India's consumer prices increased by 4.31% year-on-year in September 2016, easing from a 5.05% growth in August. The industrial production (IIP) data announced after market hours on Friday, 11 November 2016 showed that IIP rose 0.7% in September 2016 over September 2015. The IIP contracted 0.7% in August, and shrank 2.5% in July. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Biz News Rino Scanzoni, Madison Avenue’s Influential Media Buyer, Will Tackle New Task as Advertising Shifts Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Ryan Huddle for Variety November 14, 2016 | 07:31PM PT When TV’s next upfront market kicks off next Spring, the ad-sales chiefs at CBS, NBC, and the rest might breathe a sigh of relief: They won’t have to contend directly with Rino Scanzoni any longer. Scanzoni, a tough negotiator, has for years helped set the tone and pace of a crucial market for the media sector, one in which $8 billion to $9 billion is traded on broadcast primetime TV alone, with more committed to cable, syndicated and Spanish-language television. After serving since 2005 as chief investment officer for the North American operations of GroupM, the large media-buying operation that is part of ad-holding giant WPP, Scanzoni is moving to a new role – and the shift is indicative of a transformation of how Madison Avenue is buying commercial inventory across all media. GroupM, which works for advertisers including Unilever and American Express, on Monday named Lyle Schwartz to the role of president of investment, meaning he will oversee how advertiser dollars are allocated across TV, print, radio, digital, and local media, as well as the burgeoning swell of analytic tools advertisers are tapping to help them determine their allocations. He will report to Brian Lesser, the chief executive of GroupM North America. Schwartz will have a good deal of influence over how some $30 billion worth of advertising is spent across the U.S. and Canada. “This is the first time someone with a research and analytics background has been named trading chief for a major media investment group,” said Lesser, in a prepared statement. “This decision underscores our belief that data and insights are fundamental to the success of the entire business.” Related When Rino Scanzoni Speaks, TV Networks Tend to Listen Advertisers of all stripes are relying more strongly on data about consumer behavior and buying to help them determine where to place their commercials. At a time when media use has become increasingly splintered, big-spending marketers like Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola can no longer just follow what was standard practice three decades ago and buy a few ads in national newspapers and major magazines while spraying TV ads across the broadcast networks. Advertising in the digital era means figuring out where the consumers most likely to buy, say, a luxury car or a can of diet root beer are most likely to lie in wait, and then tailoring commercials expressly for those particular environments. Viacom, Comcast’s NBCU and Time Warner’s Turner are among the big companies crafting their own data brews to lure sponsors to their fold. These data products can include everything from set-top box viewer behavior measures to consumer patterns discovered by examining loyalty cards and programs affiliated with drug stores and supermarkets. Some media companies are trying to set up deals based on these data agreements rather than ones based on Nielsen, the gold standard of an era when couch potatoes still stared at a TV screen in their living rooms. Schwartz and Scanzoni have worked together for years, and were pivotal figures in discussions that in 2007 led to the use of so-called “commercial ratings,” or audience measures that looked at how many TV viewers watched commercial breaks, not the TV shows they interrupted, to determine how much media companies ought to be paid. The new system was created in the wake of the rise of digital video recorders, which allowed viewers to fast forward past commercials. Schwartz has more than 30 years of experience at WPP, including roles at the ad agency once known as Young & Rubicam before it was acquired by the holding company in 2000. Related Viacom Bets on Big Data to Boost Its Revenues Scanzoni will supervise both Modi Media, a unit that looks at future TV models in the U.S. and Midas Exchange, a barter division that deals with the trade of tangible assets in exchange for advertising inventory. He will be executive chairman and chief executive of both units. GroupM said Scanzoni would “continue to build and expand new trading products as well as contribute to market strategy for the group.” His role in the media industry played out largely behind the scenes, but he has been instrumental in how advertisers choose to support TV for decades. Top executives and Wall Streeters often sought his counsel on ad-spending patterns and the direction of the economy. Speculation that GroupM might find a successor for him has wafted for the past few years. It’s well known that the executive prefers to focus on strategy, rather than on incessant staff meeting and intense client hand-holding, and he has at times plotted strategy from a house in Utah. Schwartz will work alongside Phil Cowdell,who was named GroupM’s president of platform services in North America. This new unit will deal with emerging ad markets, including programmatic, search marketing, social media, digital operations and digital analytics.  For the past two years, Cowdell served as the North American CEO of MediaCom,a GroupM unit where he has been instrumental in helping the agency win more than $1.5 billion in new business from companies including Anheuser-Busch InBev, Bayer, Sony Playstation and Mars.       i Filed Under: GroupM Rino Scanzoni Tv Advertising Tv Upfront Market Upfront 2016 Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 9:13AM PT Alec Baldwin Fires Back at Donald Trump’s ‘SNL’ Criticism 2 Film 7:23AM PT Box Office: ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Debuts to Magical $75 Million 3 TV 6:59AM PT Science Channel Scraps ‘Punkin Chunkin’ Special After Woman Badly Injured in Accident 4 Film 6:33PM PT China’s Alibaba Signs ‘Harry Potter’ Producer David Heyman For ‘Warriors’ Film 5 Biz 1:36PM PT Chrissy Teigen Blasts Trump for ‘Hamilton’-Mike Pence Tweets: ‘Look Who Wants a F—ing Safe Space Now’ Oscars: Young Actors Glow With Complex Performances Playback: Viggo Mortensen on ‘Captain Fantastic’ and the Secret to Longevity Listen to ‘City of Stars’ From the ‘La La Land’ Soundtrack, Arriving Dec. 9 As Ben Affleck Rolls Out ‘Live by Night,’ Crafts Take Center Stage Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Biz News from Variety The Power of Content Dwayne Johnson no se arrepiente de comentarios negativos sobre… 'Saturday Night Live' Ratings Dip With Host Kristen Wiig… Donald Trump's Potential Secretary of Education Rocked These… Westworld Star: 'I Will Be Involved' in HBO Sci-Fi Drama's… Microsoft is offering major discounts on Xbox One games and… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Bloomberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images Estee Lauder to Buy Makeup Brand Too Faced for $1.45 Billion Nick Turner SFNick Stephanie Hoi-Nga Wong stephaniewonghk November 14, 2016 — 5:23 PM EST Updated on November 15, 2016 — 11:36 AM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Transaction is largest takeover in Estee Lauder’s history Too Faced lets company reach younger cosmetics shoppers Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Estee Lauder Cos., making the biggest acquisition in its history, agreed to buy cosmetics company Too Faced for about $1.45 billion, scooping up a makeup brand that’s popular with millennials. Too Faced, which is expected to top $270 million in net sales this year, will help Estee Lauder expand in e-commerce and specialty stores, according to a statement Monday. The purchase is expected to be completed next month. The deal, which would dwarf Estee Lauder’s previous acquisitions, extends a run of industry mergers this year. Coty Inc. acquired more than 40 of Procter & Gamble Co.’s beauty brands last month in a transaction worth $12.5 billion. And Revlon Inc. agreed to acquire Elizabeth Arden Inc. in June for about $419 million. Too Faced, started by Jerrod Blandino and Jeremy Johnson, would let Estee Lauder reach a younger shopper and will be complementary to MAC, the parent company’s biggest makeup brand. Too Faced, based in Los Angeles, has 7.3 million Instagram followers and sells makeup for the eyes, face and lips in quirky packaging. Its best-selling mascara is called “Better Than Sex.” “We like the acquisition,” Jason Gere, an analyst at KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., said in a report. “Estee Lauder has a demonstrated history of success in driving scale of smaller, high-growth brands on its global platform.” Other Acquisitions Estee Lauder, which also bought makeup brand Becca this month, could use a boost after delivering a disappointing forecast to investors. It plans to add its newly acquired brands into its 2017 guidance, which will be announced during its second-quarter earnings in February, Chief Financial Officer Tracey Travis said on a conference call Tuesday. The Too Faced acquisition will reduce earnings in 2017, but will improve them after that, she said. Estee Lauder, based in New York, suffered its worst stock rout in more than a year on Nov. 2 after saying that earnings would be $1.10 to $1.15 a share this quarter. Analysts had estimated $1.31 on average. Its shares are down 11 percent this year. Chief Executive Officer Fabrizio Freda said that declining traffic at mid-tier U.S. department stores contributed to the slowdown. That has increased the urgency of owning brands that sell via the internet and other channels -- Too Faced’s strength. The acquisition target has seen sales grow more than 70 percent this year and 60 percent on a compound annual basis over the past three years, and the company expects the growth rate to continue. Millennial Consumers The brand “strengthens our leadership in the fastest-growing product category in the global prestige beauty makeup,” Freda said on the conference call. “It increases our penetration with millennial and Gen Z consumers, who are socially connected beauty enthusiasts.” Too Faced, those costumers are mostly under 40, currently gets about 83 percent of its sales from North America. It will be expanded in the U.S. and internationally, as well as in travel retail globally, Freda said. Estee Lauder, which has made seven acquisitions since 2014, will continue to look for M&A opportunities, he said Tuesday. Cosmetics companies have been seeking new sales channels as the department-store makeup counter loses its allure. L’Oreal SA, for instance, agreed in July to spend $1.2 billion to buy IT Cosmetics. That business sells through QVC and the Shopping Channel, as well as retailers such as Ulta and Sephora. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Estee Lauder Cos Inc/The Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Adweek Blog Network: TVNewser| TVSpy| LostRemote| AgencySpy| PRNewser| SocialTimes| FishbowlNY| FishbowlDC| GalleyCat A Day in Puppy Paradise Canon gives this scrappy shelter dog the perfect day Subscribe to Adweek Get a full year of print and digital editions for just $69 Be a Corporate Cowboy Fruit of the Loom has the most comfortable corporate wear The Press Television Technology Advertising & Branding Adfreak Video SUBSCRIBE X Magazine Subscription Subscribe to Adweek Magazine and get the iPad edition for free! Subscribe Now Headlines: Press: Why More Women's Magazines Are… TV: Stephen Colbert Calls His Live… Tech: Mark Zuckerberg Has Admitted T… Ads & Brands: Ashton Kutcher, Airbnb Investo… How This Agency Built Its Own App Using Amazon Echo Voice skills have become big business for Rain By Lauren Johnson November 14, 2016, 4:03 PM EST Technology Rain has picked up a few new clients with its voice expertise. Amazon Last October, New York-based digital agency Rain worked with Campbell's to find a new way to push out the CPG giant's library of recipes, creating one of the first branded "skills" for Amazon's voice-controlled Echo device, which helped consumers find dinner recipes on demand. While the agency expected a bit of a PR boost from the Campbell's work, voice and the so-called Internet of Things has actually become a big growth area for Rain over the past year, as more agencies look for ways to tap into emerging devices for brands. Shortly after creating the Campbell's skill, Rain became one of a handful of Amazon's go-to developers tasked with building "skills"—voice apps that let consumers ask questions to Amazon's AI platform named Alexa. Rain even opened up a small satellite office—albeit with one employee—in Seattle to be closer to Amazon's headquarters. "From an agency level, Amazon helps make some connections with clients," said Greg Hedges, director of strategy at Rain. "People will reach out to Amazon sometimes and then we'll get them to the right people." In the past year, Rain has signed 1-800-Flowers, P&G's Tide, Yahoo Fantasy Football and Liberty Mutual-owned Safeco as clients, helping to build branded skills that dole out information and entertainment to consumers. For Safeco, the agency built a glossary of insurance terms so that consumers can ask Alexa questions like, "What is umbrella insurance?" or "What does liability mean?" For 1-800-Flowers, users can automatically place flower orders to their friends or family members. In addition to building branded skills, Rain is also plugged into Amazon Voice Service, the arm of Amazon's business focused on building Alexa into other devices. As part of that, Rain recently built a smartphone app called Reverb that uses Amazon's API so that anyone can use Alexa—whether or not they have an Echo device. Here's how it works: People download the Reverb iOS or Android app (there's also a website) and log in with an Amazon account. From there, folks are prompted to press a finger on the screen to ask Alexa a question. Just like using Echo, Alexa reads the answer out loud and consumers can then have a back-and-forth conversation with her. For Rain, the app is a way for staffers to tweak and improve the user experience of branded skills when they aren't nearby to use an Echo. "We use it to test our skills," Hedges said. "We are always looking to be on top of moving technologies and make sure that we understand them—building this was part of understanding the platform." Going forward, Rain is looking for ways that marketers can use Reverb. In one scenario, the technology could be built into a branded app for Campbell's, to make it easier for consumers to access recipes without having to press a button. "We've already talked about that," said Hedges. "Amazon democratized the voice experience by opening the door [to voice] and we're helping to further that by opening the Alexa platform up." Hedges said that the agency is working on other ways to build on the initial success of the Campbell's skill, too. "We want to work [on] the ability not to just get the recipe but also extend that cooking experience into getting ingredients [or more information into] the steps." It's not the first time that Rain has hacked Echo. In May, Rain software engineer Octavio Menocal created a skill for playing a simple game of rock, paper scissors. Data informs Rain's investment in Echo. Hedges said that the agency builds Google Analytics into its skills to track stats like how long someone spends with the skill, when they use it, their ZIP code and what questions they ask. "In the Yahoo Fantasy Football app, I can ask for information about a player," Hedges said. "We're not only capturing the fact that someone asked about a player, we're actually capturing information about what specific player they asked for so that we can see which players are most popular." Rain is also keeping its eye on Google Home, the company's new home device that's potentially full of marketing data. In December, Google plans to open up its AI platform—dubbed Google Assistant—for marketers and developers to create similar experiences to Amazon Echo. "We feel like the process that we've honed is applicable to those—while we've built skills, what we've really been building in the end are these larger experiences and then executing them using Alexa," Hedges said. Get the Technology Today newsletter: Check out our other newsletters: Daily Digest Brandweek Technology Today The AdFreak Daily Advertising & Branding Television Today Television Upfront Digital Content NewFronts Promotions & Offers   Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a confirmation email. Topics: 1-800-Flowers, Alexa, Amazon, Amazon Echo, Data, Rain, Tide, voice advertising, voice marketing, Yahoo Fantasy Football Subscribe to Adweek today. Now on the iPad! About the Author Lauren Johnson is a staff writer for Adweek. Follow Comments View the discussion thread. 2 1 Email Print Print Print ✕ Close Advertisement Featured Jobs Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Associate Acquisitions Editor, Content Acquisition Sounds True Louisville, Colorado Digital Director Lambda Legal New York City, New York Marketing Communications Specialist Proveris Scientific Marlborough, MA PR Account Executive The Baddish Group New York City, New York (US) See More Jobs Editor's Picks Hearst's Joanna Coles Has Partnered with Airbnb for New Magazine Venture Amazon's Touching Interfaith Ad Appeals to the Better Angels of a Divided World Stephen Colbert Calls His Live Election Night Show 'The Hardest Thing I’ve Ever Done' Mark Zuckerberg Has Admitted That Facebook Has a Problem With Fake News Ad of the Day: San Francisco Is Shocked by a Store Where Everything Costs Five Times the Norm How the Election Hurt Ecommerce and 6 Other Interesting Digital Marketing Stats You Can Create a Powerpuff Girls Avatar as Unique as You Are at This NYC Pop-Up Shop Airbnb's CMO Wants to Redefine Experiential Marketing With the Company's New Offering Advertisement Adweek Blog Network Follow @Adweek Last October, New York-based digital agency Rain worked with Campbell's to find a new way to push out the CPG giant's library of recipes, creating one of the first branded "skills" for Amazon's voice-controlled Echo device, which helped consumers find dinner recipes on demand. While the agency expected a bit of a PR boost from the Campbell's work, voice and the so-called Internet of Things has actually become a big growth area for Rain over the past year, as more agencies look for ways to tap into emerging devices for brands. Shortly after creating the Campbell's skill, Rain became one of a handful of Amazon's go-to developers tasked with building "skills"—voice apps that let consumers ask questions to Amazon's AI platform named Alexa. Rain even opened up a small satellite office—albeit with one employee—in Seattle to be closer to Amazon's headquarters. "From an agency level, Amazon helps make some connections with clients," said Greg Hedges, director of strategy at Rain. "People will reach out to Amazon sometimes and then we'll get them to the right people." In the past year, Rain has signed 1-800-Flowers, P&G's Tide, Yahoo Fantasy Football and Liberty Mutual-owned Safeco as clients, helping to build branded skills that dole out information and entertainment to consumers. For Safeco, the agency built a glossary of insurance terms so that consumers can ask Alexa questions like, "What is umbrella insurance?" or "What does liability mean?" For 1-800-Flowers, users can automatically place flower orders to their friends or family members. In addition to building branded skills, Rain is also plugged into Amazon Voice Service, the arm of Amazon's business focused on building Alexa into other devices. As part of that, Rain recently built a smartphone app called Reverb that uses Amazon's API so that anyone can use Alexa—whether or not they have an Echo device. Here's how it works: People download the Reverb iOS or Android app (there's also a website) and log in with an Amazon account. From there, folks are prompted to press a finger on the screen to ask Alexa a question. Just like using Echo, Alexa reads the answer out loud and consumers can then have a back-and-forth conversation with her. For Rain, the app is a way for staffers to tweak and improve the user experience of branded skills when they aren't nearby to use an Echo. "We use it to test our skills," Hedges said. "We are always looking to be on top of moving technologies and make sure that we understand them—building this was part of understanding the platform." Going forward, Rain is looking for ways that marketers can use Reverb. In one scenario, the technology could be built into a branded app for Campbell's, to make it easier for consumers to access recipes without having to press a button. "We've already talked about that," said Hedges. "Amazon democratized the voice experience by opening the door [to voice] and we're helping to further that by opening the Alexa platform up." Hedges said that the agency is working on other ways to build on the initial success of the Campbell's skill, too. "We want to work [on] the ability not to just get the recipe but also extend that cooking experience into getting ingredients [or more information into] the steps." It's not the first time that Rain has hacked Echo. In May, Rain software engineer Octavio Menocal created a skill for playing a simple game of rock, paper scissors. Data informs Rain's investment in Echo. Hedges said that the agency builds Google Analytics into its skills to track stats like how long someone spends with the skill, when they use it, their ZIP code and what questions they ask. "In the Yahoo Fantasy Football app, I can ask for information about a player," Hedges said. "We're not only capturing the fact that someone asked about a player, we're actually capturing information about what specific player they asked for so that we can see which players are most popular." Rain is also keeping its eye on Google Home, the company's new home device that's potentially full of marketing data. In December, Google plans to open up its AI platform—dubbed Google Assistant—for marketers and developers to create similar experiences to Amazon Echo. "We feel like the process that we've honed is applicable to those—while we've built skills, what we've really been building in the end are these larger experiences and then executing them using Alexa," Hedges said. Advertisement Terms of use | Privacy Policy ©2016 Adweek   All Rights Reserved About Media Kit Contact Us BrandShare Webinars Events Custom Print Sections Subscribe to Adweek Subscription Options Digital App Newsletters Reprints Back Issues RSS Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Additional Info Trophies, Awards & Seals Customer Service
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved CP+B Boulder Welcomes Group Strategy Director Ethan Decker Advertisement NEXT:GroupM Makes Leadership Changes, Consolidates Central Resources PREVIOUS:Beer Giant Constellation Picks Cavalry to Promote a New Corona Premium Line Revolving Door CP+B Boulder Welcomes Group Strategy Director Ethan Decker By Erik Oster on Nov. 14, 2016 - 2:10 PMComment CP+B Boulder has hired group strategy director Ethan Decker to oversee Domino’s and other accounts. Decker arrives at CP+B from Omnicom shopper marketing agency The Integer Group of Lakewood, Colorado. He spent over eight years there, most recently serving as VP of insight and strategy and leading planning on the Kellogg, PepsiCo, MillerCoors, and P&G accounts. Before that he spent two years as insights director with 72andSunny, handling strategy and research for various clients including Discovery, Nike, Quiksilver and Roxy. Decker began his career as an ecologist and earned a PhD in urban ecology and human evolution from the University of New Mexico and also spent time at Boulder ethnographic research firm Radar Communications, where he contributed to global research for Intel and Unilever. He has presented on marketing science at SXSW, TED and other events. “What we love most about Ethan is that despite his deep expertise and scientific mind, he’s always willing to throw it all away and invent something completely new,” CP+B chief strategy officer Eric Zuncic, who joined the agency in July of 2015, said in a statement. “His innate sense of curiosity and creativity, backed by the rigor of real scientific analysis is a rare find in our world. Most importantly, our creatives noted that he is the ‘Perfect amount of weird to help us make great work’ – which is about as good a compliment as I’ve ever heard.” < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
null
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release 2016 AF&PA Sustainability Award Winners Announced at Annual Meeting By Published: Nov 14, 2016 10:00 a.m. ET Share Five member companies recognized for exemplary sustainability programs WASHINGTON, Nov. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The American Forest & Paper Association (AF&PA) presented its 2016 Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 Sustainability Awards at AF&PA's annual meeting on Friday, Nov. 11 in Cary, North Carolina. Five AF&PA member companies received awards from 23 outstanding submissions across the industry: http://afandpa.org/sustainability/sustainability-award-winners "Our members' efforts to improve the sustainability of their operations aid progress toward the Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 goals and keep our industry at the forefront of sustainable manufacturing," said AF&PA President and CEO Donna Harman. "We applaud the ingenuity and commitment of these award-winning initiatives." 2016 AF&PA Sustainability Award Winners Leadership in Sustainability – Paper Recovery for Recycling Dart Container Corporation: Dart Container Employee Recycling Center Leadership in Sustainability – Energy Efficiency/Greenhouse Gas Reduction Sappi North America: Hood Heat Recovery Project at Somerset Leadership in Sustainability – Safety WestRock Company: Safety First, Safety Always Leadership in Sustainability – Water Procter & Gamble: Water Conservation Response Innovation in Sustainability Georgia-Pacific: Protecting Endangered Forests and Special Areas Designed to recognize exemplary sustainability programs and initiatives in the paper and wood products manufacturing industry, AF&PA's annual awards are given based on the merit of entries received across multiple categories. Projects that support progress toward the Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 sustainability goals qualify for recognition in the "Leadership" category, which has five subcategories that correspond to the goals: Paper Recovery for Recycling, Energy Efficiency/Greenhouse Gas Reduction, Sustainable Forest Management, Safety, and Water. The "Innovation in Sustainability" award is reserved for projects that merit recognition for their contribution to sustainable business practices, not one of the goals specifically. AF&PA's 2016 Sustainability Report showed that the U.S. pulp, paper, packaging, tissue and wood products manufacturing industry has made significant, measurable progress toward achieving its Better Practices, BetterPlanet 2020 sustainability goals. For more information, visit sustainability.afandpa.org. Editor's Note: Click here to retrieve photos (caption included) of the award winners. The American Forest & Paper Association (AF&PA) serves to advance a sustainable U.S. pulp, paper, packaging, tissue and wood products manufacturing industry through fact-based public policy and marketplace advocacy. AF&PA member companies make products essential for everyday life from renewable and recyclable resources and are committed to continuous improvement through the industry's sustainability initiative - Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 . The forest products industry accounts for approximately 4 percent of the total U.S. manufacturing GDP, manufactures over $200 billion in products annually, and employs approximately 900,000 men and women. The industry meets a payroll of approximately $50 billion annually and is among the top 10 manufacturing sector employers in 45 states. Visit AF&PA online at www.afandpa.org or follow us on Twitter @ForestandPaper . Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120725/DC46454LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/2016-afpa-sustainability-award-winners-announced-at-annual-meeting-300360047.html SOURCE American Forest & Paper Association Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Martin Jon Adolfsson Leaves BBH London to Join Edelman Deportivo as Creative Director Advertisement NEXT:Fred & Farid Crams All 21 of Your Favorite Taglines Into One Alibaba Spot PREVIOUS:Former M&C Saatchi Creative Lead Heads to Arnold in Boston Revolving Door Martin Jon Adolfsson Leaves BBH London to Join Edelman Deportivo as Creative Director By Erik Oster on Nov. 15, 2016 - 2:26 PMComment Edelman Deportivo of Sweden hired Martin Jon Adolfsson as a creative director. Adolfsson joins Edelman from BBH London, where he has served as a senior creative and art director since August of 2015, including work on Samsung’s “Bedtime VR Stories.” Before joining BBH London he spent time as a freelance associate creative director with R/GA, working on Nike, and as a freelance senior creative and art director with Anomaly. Prior to that he spent two years as innovation and interactive creative director at TBWA\London, working with clients including Apple, Adidas, Nissan, Airbnb, Lidl and GSK, following a short stint as associate creative director with Razorfish working on the U.K. digital McDonald’s account. Prior to that he spent over three years at CP+B in Gothenburg, Sweden and London, serving as a senior creative and working with clients including Diesel, Ubisoft, P&G, Burger King, Milka and Pringles. “We are excited to welcome Martin to the family. He has been an outsider in the advertising world, always looking for new ways to interact with audiences rather than interrupt them with forced messages. Simply put, the type of brain we need to help our clients in a world where people more and more avoid traditional advertising,” Edelman Deportivo CCO Stefan Ronge said in a statement. “Already from first sight it clicked,” Adolffson added. “Edelman Deportivo has some of the most amazing thinkers I’ve come across, whom fearlessly mix storytelling with innovation, deeply rooted in culture, creating beautiful earned magic.” In case you weren’t aware, the 20-strong Edelman Deportivo was acquired by the PR giant back in 2014. It makes some truly weird work like this campaign encouraging kids to eat more bread in inevitable, post-apocalyptic future. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Marketing Agency Merger Diversifies Services Portfolio, Adds Depth to Digital Suite By Published: Nov 15, 2016 11:01 a.m. ET Share ABBOTSFORD, BRITISH COLUMBIA, Nov 15, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- CREW Marketing Partners acquires GOODSIR Creative Inc. ABBOTSFORD, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - Nov 15, 2016) - CREW Marketing Partners, a national marketing leader, has announced it has acquired the business operations of GOODSIR, an award-winning digital agency located in Kelowna, BC. This acquisition combines the strategic marketing focus of CREW with GOODSIR's creative, digital and web development services. The new partnership strengthens CREW's Kelowna operation in the Okanagan while adding considerable depth to their overall digital services. "This new business model brings together the best of two agencies," says Braden Douglas, Principal and Founding Partner of CREW Marketing Partners. "By combining CREW's strength in foundational marketing and brand strategy with GOODSIR's depth in digital web development services, we can bring even more strategic marketing sophistication to our clients." Mergers and acquisitions are not uncommon in the industry however Douglas says they need to be strategic and well defined so that they ultimately add value for clients. "We're committed to the right expansion as we see the demand for our unique agency model increasing across Canada." "I've seen the results CREW's achieved first-hand and their partnership approach to marketing is a great match with our own philosophy," says Brad Marshall, one of GOODSIR's co-founders and now Director of Digital Marketing. "There's a growing technology sector here in Kelowna and, with our deep roots in the community, we're really looking forward to focusing on the development of an unparalleled digital marketing experience for all our clients." CREW Marketing Partners will now have over 50 employees between the Okanagan and Lower Mainland, making it one of the largest agencies in British Columbia. Since 2007, CREW has functioned as a hybrid agency that combines the disciplines of a professional marketing department with the execution of a top tier creative house. Their team of specialists focus on medium-sized businesses throughout Canada and the US who have a small or under-staffed marketing department, with a specific focus on five industry verticals - natural foods & consumer packaged goods, manufacturing, real estate, professional services and agriculture. The company's depth of expertise and impressive ROI in the natural foods & consumer packaged goods sector has gained praise from industry watchers and earned respect from clients, including Silver Hills Bakery, Hardbite Potato Chips, and the BC Chicken Marketing Board. Founded in 2003, GOODSIR has helped start-ups, entrepreneurs and enterprises succeed through creative digital thinking. The multi-disciplinary team has worked with an impressive roster of clients that stretches across Canada, the US and even Europe, with a portfolio that includes RE/MAX, End Of The Roll, Juno Awards, KF Aerospace, Wine BC, and Swisscom, a Swiss-based Telecom. "We're very excited about the opportunities for growth and development this offers," says Giuseppe Simpatico, GOODSIR co-founder and now Director of Digital Platforms. "Merging strategy and creative with web, digital and content marketing means we'll have a much wider resource base to work from. It's taking us in a new direction and it's our clients who will benefit the most." CREW MARKETING PARTNERS CREW Marketing Partners is a results-driven marketing agency partnering with entrepreneurs and organizations across Canada and the US. It's one of the fastest growing marketing firms in Canada, with impressive 35 percent growth year-over-year since its inception in 2007. The team of specialized marketing strategists, creative thinkers, designers and doers are located in multiple offices that serve a range of industries, with a specific focus on natural foods and consumer packaged goods, manufacturing, real estate, professional services and agriculture. BRADEN DOUGLAS - PRINCIPAL, FOUNDING PARTNER AT CREW Braden Douglas is a renowned marketing strategist who's built a successful career as head of CREW Marketing Partners and as a keynote speaker at international events and seminars. Through his foundational eight-step marketing strategy process, he challenges and works with organizations to successfully use marketing as a competitive advantage that provides real ROI. Braden launched his career in brand management working with major firms like Procter & Gamble and Frito Lay. He's created strategies and campaigns that have driven record revenues for young food start-ups and has pioneered successful public engagement strategies. GOODSIR Founded in 2003 in Kelowna, BC, GOODSIR has helped scrappy start-ups, hard-working entrepreneurs and enterprises solve business problems through creative digital thinking. An award-winning company that was listed as one of the Top 40 Creative Agencies in Canada by Design Excellence Magazine, GOODSIR offers unparalleled digital expertise and industry insight, including platform development and digital promotion. Their client base stretches across multiple industries that include retail and consumer brands, start-ups and technology, media and entertainment, professional sports and financial services. BRAD MARSHALL - GOODSIR CO-FOUNDER, DIRECTOR OF DIGITAL MARKETING As one of GOODSIR's co-founders, Brad Marshall has lead strategy efforts on projects since the company began in 2003. In that time, he's focused his energy and expertise on helping businesses dream up, design and develop killer creative digital projects. His writing has been published in numerous blogs, newspapers and magazines. He received his training at the Centre for Arts & Technology and the University of Colorado. GIUSEPPE SIMPATICO - GOODSIR CO-FOUNDER, DIRECTOR OF DIGITAL PLATFORMS GOODSIR co-founder, Giuseppe Simpatico, has been deploying creative interactive campaigns for companies across North America for more than a decade. A true veteran of the digital media industry, he's worked in all aspects of the profession, from programming and design to project and account management. He graduated from the University of British Columbia with a degree in Fine Arts and went on to study digital media. To view the photos associated with this release, please visit the following links: Braden Douglas - http://file.marketwire.com/release/braden.jpg Brad Marshall - http://file.marketwire.com/release/brad.jpg Giuseppe Simpatico - http://file.marketwire.com/release/sep.jpg Sujina Unger Marketing & Business Development Coordinator CREW Marketing Partners sunger@crewmp.com 604.743.1014 � 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Rs 500 Rs 2000 #Narendra Modi #Donald Trump #Bigg Boss 10 #Cyrus Mistry #IND vs ENG PROPERTY Property in MumbaiProperty in Pune DOWNLOAD APP Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news National Columnists MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES 'I have nothing to feed my eight-month-old son except plain boiled rice' Caught watching porn! Minister was looking at Melania Trump's pictures! ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Mumbai rains BMC Cauvery Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis MORE IN SPORTS EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Vizag Test: Will trio Ashwin, Jadeja and Mishra spin it to win it vs England? Watch video: Messi's majestic free kick helps Argentina thump Colombia ToPICs Rio 2016 Dipa Karmakar EPL BCCI India vs West Indies Virat Kohli Life & style Horoscope Sunday mid-day Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Mumbai food: Gorge on delicious sweet treats at the Dessert Garden Festival Mumbai food: Eat like a Nizam; enjoy a six-course Hyderabadi wedding feast ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers TOP STORIES Amitabh Bhattacharya: Aamir Khan looks for logic behind every line 'Ramayan' actor Mukesh Rawal found dead near railway tracks in Mumbai ToPICs Kareena Kapoor Khan Akshay Kumar A Flying Jatt Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan News National News IIM-C post-graduate student gets Rs 4.5 lakh stipend offer By IANS | Posted 15-Nov-2016 Kolkata: A whopping Rs 4.5 lakh monthly stipend has been offered to a first-year student of post-graduate diploma in management at the IIM-Calcutta in the latest summer internship placement, the institute said in a statement on Monday. Consulting firms came up with the highest percentage of offers while BFSI (Banking, Financial services and Insurance) sector proposed the highest stipend for the students at the Indian Institute of Management-Calcutta. Out of over 460 summer internship offers made on the campus, the consulting sector had the highest share of 24 per cent, followed by BFSI at 23 per cent. BFSI also offered the highest stipend for the season at Rs 4.5 lakh per month. Major recruiters in consulting were Mckinsey and Co, Bain & Co., the Boston Consulting Group, A.T. Kearney and Accenture Strategy, the latter being the largest recruiter in the consulting domain. The BFSI sector witnessed a surge in the number of banking sector firms and private recruiters participating in the placement process, with Goldman Sachs emerging the top recruiter in the category. FMCG and consumer product firms of the likes of HUL, P&G, ITC and L'Oreal hired in large numbers. Food and Beverages companies like PepsiCo, Coca-Cola, Mondelez and Nestle hired 19 per cent of the batch in sales and marketing roles as the summer placements for the class of 2018 successfully concluded last week. "A total of 14 per cent of the batch was hired for leadership roles in conglomerates like Tata Administrative Services, Aditya Birla Group, Mahindra & Mahindra and others. Aditya Birla Group stayed on top as the largest and most consistent recruiter in this domain with the highest number of offers," the IIM said in a statement. Tags: Whopping Rs 4.5 lakh stipend offered first-year student post-graduate diploma management IIM-Calcutta internship placement Related Stories Twitter user accuses Ram Gopal Varma of copying poster from playstation ad Bollywood News | 08-Nov-2016 Souza sells for nearly Rs 13-cr at Sotheby's London sale International News | 20-Oct-2016 China ups India, to give Dhaka whopping USD 24 billion International News | 15-Oct-2016 'Kabali' mints USD 3.5 million in North America Regional News | 25-Jul-2016 'Sarrainodu' clocks 50 days, mints Rs 125 crore Regional News | 10-Jun-2016 Jennifer Lopez buys USD 28 million home Hollywood News | 30-May-2016 PHOTO VIDEO Photos: John Abraham watches 'Force 2' with parents in Mumbai Photos: Madhuri Dixit with hubby, Rekha at star-studded B-Town wedding Jailed! Vidya Balan goes behind bars for 'Kahaani 2' Birthday special: Famous siblings in Bollywood In pictures: Successful actor-director duos in Bollywood What brought Rekha, Madhuri Dixit and Anil Kapoor together? This is something Ajay dislikes doing the most! Tusshar Kapoor knows how to make people smile! Gulshan Grover has a witty take over Indian wives and their woes! You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding This is how Bengaluru hotel tried to adjust its black money National News|18-Nov-2016 Twinkle Khanna and Hrithik Roshan just had the funniest Twitter chat! Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Photos: Salman Khan, other B-Town celebs at Arpita's anniversary bash Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Man rapes wife's ex-boyfriend who harassed her with lewd messages Crime News|18-Nov-2016 'Force 2' - Movie Review Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Cops trap master conman after asking him for Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes National News|18-Nov-2016 From Mount Everest to Ground Zero: Pune cop couple's fall from grace National News|18-Nov-2016 Alert FDA if a pharmacy refuses your old notes National News|18-Nov-2016 Photos: Salman Khan, Parineeti Chopra at Sania Mirza's sister's sangeet Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Getting a WhatsApp video call invite with a link? It's a scam! Technology News|17-Nov-2016 Juhu beach glows after dark again, takes on fluorescent blue hue National News|17-Nov-2016 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Mumbai: Woman beaten up in crowded local train National News|20-Nov-2016 What has Vidya Balan got to say about about her childhood days with Shilpa Shetty? Bollywood News|20-Nov-2016 No one wants Indian 'kachra' in Karbala in Iraq National News|19-Nov-2016 Thane Crime: Husband absconds after choking bar girl to death Crime News|20-Nov-2016 Man rapes wife's ex-boyfriend who harassed her with lewd messages Crime News|18-Nov-2016 This is how Bengaluru hotel tried to adjust its black money National News|18-Nov-2016 Photos: Salman Khan, Parineeti Chopra at Sania Mirza's sister's sangeet Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Twinkle Khanna and Hrithik Roshan just had the funniest Twitter chat! Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2014 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserverd. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
November 20, 2016 About us Contact us Subscribe to magazine Digital Magazine Newsletter sign-up Search this site: Home Our Analysis By Investment Type Funds (Unit trusts & OEICs) Investment Trusts / Companies Exchange Traded Funds Pension Funds Shares Retail Bonds Savings By Region UK Asia Pacific Japan Europe ex UK North America / US Latin America Middle East/Africa Global Developed Markets Global Emerging Markets By Underlying Equities Bonds Mixed Assets Commodities Property How To Invest Beginner's Guides Investment basics Retirement Tax efficiency Funds and trusts Stocks and shares Property Alternative products By Investment Strategy Income investing Growth investing Balanced investing Asset allocation Stock picking Value investing Ethical investing Financial Planning Inheritance tax and estate planning Investing tax efficiently Investing for children Retirement planning Protecting your family Understanding risk Model Portfolios Growth Portfolios Alpha – short-term growth, medium risk Bravo – medium-term growth,medium risk Charlie – long-term growth, medium risk Delta – short-term growth, higher risk Echo – medium-term growth, higher risk Foxtrot – long-term growth, higher risk Income portfolios Golf – immediate income, medium risk Hotel – balanced income, medium risk India – growing income, medium risk Juliet – immediate income, higher risk Kilo – balanced income, higher risk Lima – growing income, higher risk Other themed portfolios Adviser Built Balanced Adviser Built Growth Adviser Built Income Growth Conservative Investment Trust portfolio Adventurous Investment Trust portfolio Mixed Asset: Active Income Mixed Asset: Tactical Asset Allocator Shares: Dogs of the Footsie Share Sleuth Research Comparison services Compare Funds and Investment Trusts Compare Pension Funds Find the best online broker Browse by Browse Rated Funds by Fund Group Browse all Money Observer Rated Funds Browse by Fund Sector Browse by Fund Management Company Featured Investment Trusts - Annual report summaries Income tax calculator News and views News Funds & Investment Trusts Financial Planning Markets Economy & Policy Companies Everyday money Brexit Blogs Inside Money (Andrew Pitts) Steve Webb's Pension Clinic Fisher's Financial Myth-busters Contrarian Investor Miss Mackay's Money Microscope Financial Futures Share Sleuth (Richard Beddard) View of the Day (industry perspectives) Saltydog Features TV Home » Our analysis How to Trump-proof your portfolio November 14, 2016 - 4:41pm - Kyle Caldwell Financial markets have on the whole taken Donald Trump's US election victory in their stride. Stock markets initially took fright, but swiftly bounced back following Trump's victory speech, which was uncharacteristically measured and gracious. The opinion polls once again got it wrong, as did various investment strategist and financial commentators, who predicted a heavy short-term sell-off due to the various uncertainties associated with a Trump presidency. Over the longer term these uncertainties may well come back to haunt financial markets and inflict damage on investors' portfolios. Many of these risks, however, are already well documented, which in turns gives savvy investors the opportunity to Trump-proof their investments. TRUMP WIN COULD BE GAME-CHANGER FOR BONDS Trump's victory could completely change the investment landscape. The president elect has pledged to cut taxes and increase infrastructure spending on America's ageing roads, bridges, power grids and airports. In turn, this is expected to boost company earnings and consumer spending, but ultimately it will widen the US public sector deficit in the years to come, causing inflation to rise and monetary policy to tighten. To add weight to this argument, Trump has in the past criticised the Federal Reserve for keeping interest rates low, describing the move as creating a 'false economy'.  '[Trump's proposals] will result in higher bond yields and a steeper yield curve,' notes Luca Paolini, chief strategist at Pictet Asset Management. Paolini adds that rising inflation and a wider deficit could also spell an end to dollar strength, which according to Pictet's models is already some 20 per cent overvalued on a trade-weighted basis. High-quality bonds with low yields, such as government bonds, will suffer from higher rates and higher inflation. But as Money Observer noted last month, there are various bond inflation insurance policies, including index-linked bond funds or exchanged traded funds. One option, highlight by Psgima's Tom Becket, is the Fidelity Index-Linked Bond fund. Another way to mitigate risk is to consider bond funds that hold bonds with short lifespans - in other words, that are a couple of years away from maturity. Indeed, some bond fund managers, including James Foster at Artemis, have moved to 'short' government bonds in anticipation that the 35-year bond bull market is coming to an end. Investment grade and high yield bonds are better placed to ride the storm. Eoin Walsh, co-manager of the TwentyFour Dynamic Bond fund, makes the point that 'if you own yield in this environment, you should probably hang on to it'. This argument, however, probably doesn't extend to the part of the bond market that offers the highest yields of all - emerging market debt - due to Trump's protectionist agenda. The president-elect has pledged to rip up longstanding trade agreements and impose tariffs on imports. Jim Cielinski, global head of fixed income at Columbia Threadneedle Investments, notes: 'Trump's victory is most worrisome for this asset class. Aside from the obvious risk to the close trading partners of Latin America, and Mexico in particular, China is also a concern. 'Much depends on trade policy, as many emerging market countries are heavily export dependent to America. Do not expect clarity for several more months.' Foster adds that one unknown element is the Chinese reaction to being called 'currency manipulators' by Trump. 'The risk is that they respond by selling their substantial holdings of Treasuries. Who knows, but that clearly would be very damaging for bond yields,' says Foster. FOR EQUITIES A trade war between America and China cannot be ruled out, and under this scenario the US economy could be knocked off course. Certain stocks would also be hit. Canaccord Genuity Wealth Management says potential losers are US multinationals with sales exposure to the Asia Pacific region, including Procter & Gamble, Johnson & Johnson and Nike. Marc Pullen, senior equity analyst at the firm, adds that many companies may also lose out, including those that source parts or even their entire products from China, such as Apple. 'So even those US companies with relatively few sales to China could suffer in terms of profit margins,' says Pullen. The emerging market regions, however, could end up being among the biggest equity market losers. That's a point made by Neil Woodford, who manages the CF Woodford Equity Income fund; he says he expects globalisation to come under the spotlight under a Trump administration, and as a result investors should 'expect a greater focus on domestic political priorities at the expense of free trade and globalisation'. Consumer goods giants, the so-called bond proxies, the likes of Unilever and Diageo, are also tipped to be among the losers, due to the expectation that both interest rates and bond yields will rise. The widely held view is that when the interest rate cycle turns and assets other than equities start to look attractive again, bond proxies will be ditched and their share prices will fall. Sarasin & Partners' Guy Monson says that he now prefers 'local franchises over internationally focused businesses'. Among the winners Monson expects a further recovery in high quality US banks and a sharp recovery in some of the best global pharmaceutical franchises, which had sold off in an anticipation of a Hilary Clinton victory. HOW TO TWEAK YOUR FUND CHOICE There will also be fund winners and losers, and it may pay fund investors to switch to a holding more likely to benefit under Trump's presidency. Jason Hollands, of adviser Tilney Bestinvest, tipped First State Global Listed Infrastructure, Axa Framlington Health and Investec Enhanced Natural Resources. The latter fund, Hollands says, 'could capitalise on demand for raw materials that arises from increased infrastructure spend, but it is important to bear in mind that increase US demand needs to be weighed against a slowdown in demand from China.' But at uncertain times it ultimately pays in the long run to adopt a diversified approach and have a segment of your portfolio in safe havens, such as gold or funds that invest in an extremely cautious manner. Options include Personal Assets and RIT Capital Partners, with the latter being one of Money Observer's Rated Funds. Patrick Gordon, a senior market strategist at Killik, says: 'As with Brexit, it is times like these where diversification is particularly important. It remains difficult to call currency moves and short-term asset price swings, but a diversified portfolio, both by asset class and geography, should help to cushion the impact of heightened volatility.' Related articles How to beat the S&P 500 Top US fund manager fires warning over US economy North American equity funds - Rated Funds Mar 14 update Market reaction to the Fed's taper decision Baillie Gifford tops Europe and Japan - Premier League Nov 2013 update Subscribe to Money Observer magazine Be the first to receive expert investment news and analysis of shares, funds, regions and strategies we expect to deliver top returns, plus free access to the digital issues on your desktop or via the Money Observer App. Subscribe now America Apple dow jones industrial average north america   Comments Post new comment Your name: * E-mail: * The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Subject: Comment: * By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. Model Portfolios Portfolio aim and duration Short-term growthMedium-term growthLong-term growthImmediate incomeBalanced incomeGrowing income Risk Profile Medium riskHigher risk ? ? Editor's Picks How to Trump-proof your portfolio Buy, hold or sell: Standard Life UK Smaller Companies A tactic to weather the dividend storm Investment trust bargain hunter: discounts rise on income trusts yielding up to 6% Why stock market crashes don't matter Top Performing Funds Fund type: Investment fundsInvestment trustsPension fundsOffshore inv funds Sector: Asia Pacific Excluding JapanAsia Pacific Including JapanChina/Greater ChinaEurope Excluding UKEurope Including UKEuropean Smaller CompaniesFlexible InvestmentGlobalGlobal BondsGlobal Emerging Market BondGlobal Emerging MarketsGlobal Equity IncomeJapanJapanese Smaller CompaniesMixed Investment 0%-35% SharesMixed Investment 20%-60% SharesMixed Investment 40%-85% SharesMoney MarketNorth AmericaNorth American Smaller CompaniesPersonal PensionsPropertyProtectedShort Term Money MarketSpecialistSterling Corporate BondSterling High YieldSterling Strategic BondTargeted Absolute ReturnTechnology & TelecomsUK All CompaniesUK Equity & Bond IncomeUK Equity IncomeUK GiltsUK Index - Linked GiltsUK Smaller CompaniesUnclassified Fund performance: 1 month1 year3 years5 years Stan Life Inv UK Eq Recvry 44% Schroder Recovery 21.6% UBS UK Opportunities 21.5% Charity Equity 21.4% Schroder Specialist Value UK Equ 19.9% Jupiter UK Special Situations 19.5% Schroder Income 17.5% ...more funds in this sectorCompare Investment funds Data provided by Sector: Asia Pacific excluding Japan EquitiesAsia Pacific including Japan EquitiesBiotechnology & HealthcareCommodities & Nat ResourcesCountry Specialists Asia PacificCountry Specialists EuropeCountry Specialists Latin AmericaCountry Specialists OtherDebtEnvironmentalEuropeEuropean Emerging MarketsEuropean Smaller CompaniesFinancialsFlexible InvestmentForestry & TimberGlobalGlobal Emerging Markets EquitiesGlobal Equity IncomeGlobal High IncomeGlobal Smaller CompaniesHedge FundsInfrastructureInfrastructure - Renewable EnergyInsurance and Reinsurance StrategiesJapan EquitiesJapanese Smaller CompaniesLatin AmericaLiquidity FundsLitigationNorth America EquitiesNorth American Smaller CompaniesNot Yet AssignedPrivate EquityProperty - Direct Asia PacificProperty - Direct EuropeProperty - Direct UKProperty - SecuritiesProperty - SpecialistSmall Media Comms & IT CosSpecialist LeasingTech Media & TelecommUK All CompaniesUK Equity & Bond IncomeUK Equity IncomeUK Smaller CompaniesUtilitiesVCT Generalist Pre QualifyingVCT Specialist Environmental Fund performance: 1 month1 year3 years5 years Manchester & London IT plc 20% Fidelity Special Values PLC 11.9% Crystal Amber 11.6% Aurora Investment Trust plc 11.6% Columbia Thrdnedle UK Sel Tst 10.6% Abrden UK Tkr Tst plc 9.9% Schroder UK Growth plc 6.1% ...more funds in this sectorCompare Investment trusts Data provided by Sector: Asia Pacific Excluding JapanAsia Pacific Including JapanCommodity & EnergyDeposit & TreasuryEurope Excluding UKEurope Including UKFlexible InvestmentGlobal Emerging MarketsGlobal EquitiesGlobal Fixed InterestGlobal High YieldGlobal PropertyJapanMixed Investment 0%-35% SharesMixed Investment 20%-60% SharesMixed Investment 40%-85% SharesMoney MarketNorth AmericaNot Yet AssignedProtected/GuaranteedSpecialistSterling Corporate BondSterling Fixed InterestSterling High YieldSterling Long BondsSterling Strategic BondUK All CompaniesUK Direct PropertyUK Equity IncomeUK GiltsUK Index - Linked GiltsUK Property SecuritiesUK Smaller CompaniesUnclassifiedWith Profits Fund performance: 1 month1 year3 years5 years Stan Life SLI UK Eq Rcvry Pn 40.1% Countrywide Equity Pn 24.8% OMW Schroder Recovery 23.1% Royal London Schroders Recovery Pn 22% Fidelity UBS UK Select Pn 21.6% Halifax IM UK Growth Pn 21.4% CM UBS UK Opportunities Pension 21.2% ...more funds in this sectorCompare Pension funds Data provided by Sector: Absolute ReturnCommodity & EnergyConvertibleCurrency - EuroCurrency - OtherCurrency - SterlingCurrency - US DollarEquity - Asia Pacific ex JapanEquity - Asia Pacific inc JapanEquity - Asia Pacific Single CountryEquity - AustraliaEquity - CanadaEquity - ChinaEquity - Emerging EuropeEquity - Emerging MarketsEquity - EthicalEquity - Europe ex UKEquity - Europe inc UKEquity - Europe Single CountryEquity - FinancialEquity - Greater ChinaEquity - IndiaEquity - InternationalEquity - JapanEquity - KoreaEquity - Latin AmericaEquity - MENAEquity - North AmericaEquity - OtherEquity - Other SpecialistEquity - Pharma Health & BiotechEquity - Small Cap EuropeEquity - Small Cap JapanEquity - Small Cap USAEquity - South AfricaEquity - Tech Media & TelecomEquity - UKEquity - USAFixed Int - Asia PacificFixed Int - Emerging MarketsFixed Int - EURFixed Int - EUR Corporate BondFixed Int - EUR GovernmentFixed Int - EUR High YieldFixed Int - EUR Index LinkedFixed Int - EUR Investment GradeFixed Int - EUR Long MaturityFixed Int - EUR SecuritisedFixed Int - EUR Short/ Medium MaturityFixed Int - EuropeFixed Int - GBPFixed Int - GBP Corporate BondFixed Int - GBP GovernmentFixed Int - GBP High YieldFixed Int - GBP Index LinkedFixed Int - GBP Investment GradeFixed Int - GBP Long MaturityFixed Int - GBP Short/ Medium MaturityFixed Int - GlobalFixed Int - Global High YieldFixed Int - OtherFixed Int - Other Single CurrencyFixed Int - Other Single GovernmentFixed Int - Other Single High YieldFixed Int - Other Single Inv GradeFixed Int - Other Single Long MaturityFixed Int - Other Single SecuritisedFixed Int - Other Single Short/Med MatFixed Int - USDFixed Int - USD Corporate BondFixed Int - USD GovernmentFixed Int - USD High YieldFixed Int - USD Index LinkedFixed Int - USD Investment GradeFixed Int - USD Long MaturityFixed Int - USD SecuritisedFixed Int - USD Short/ Medium MaturityHedge/Stru Prod - CommodityHedge/Stru Prod - CurrencyHedge/Stru Prod - EquityHedge/Stru Prod - Fixed IntHedge/Stru Prod - MixedMixed Asset - AggressiveMixed Asset - BalancedMixed Asset - CautiousMixed Asset - FlexibleMixed Asset - IntlNot Yet AssignedProperty - AsiaProperty - EuropeProperty - InternationalProperty - North America Fund performance: 1 month1 year3 years5 years Boost FTSE 100 3x LD ETP 22.9% Old Mutual UK SmCos Fcus 19.6% Boost FTSE 100 2x LD ETP 17.9% Majedie UK Equity 13.6% Liontrust GF UK Growth 13.6% SEI UK Equity 12.9% UK Autocall 12.8% ...more funds in this sectorCompare Offshore inv funds Data provided by Research Money Observer Rated Funds Find a Model Portfolio Compare Funds and Investment Trusts Browse Funds by Sector Latest News Gender retirement savings gap widening Here are Neil Woodford's latest trades FCA proposes 'all-in-one' fund charge and plots escape route for direct investors Auto-enrolment major boost for younger employees and low earners Bank of England given new powers to curb buy-to-let lending Subscribe to our newsletter & get a free copy of Money Observer Get the latest analysis, news and investment tips from industry leaders straight to your inbox. More Information About Us Advertise Privacy Statement Sections Home Our Analysis How To Invest Model Portfolios Research News and views Our other sites Interactive Investor Moneywise Share Price Connect Subscribe to magazine Online editions Contact us © Copyright of Moneywise Publishing Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
null
Over 2 Billion Chrome Browsers In Use   Login Register Edit Profile Change Region About Us   Home News Browsers Main Menu Home Book Reviews Book Watch News Projects The Core Babbage's Bag History Swift's Spreadsheets The Stone Tapes Professional Programmer eBooks Programmer Puzzles Bargain Computer Books CodeBin I Programmer Weekly New Articles! Jay Forrester and Whirlwind IBM, Slack, Watson and the Era of Cognitive Computing Just JavaScript - In The Beginning Was The Object Android App Architecture - An Overview Of Async More Monitors! jQuery 3 - Creating & Modifying The DOM JavaScript Data Structures - The Associative Array Peachpie Open Source PHP to .NET Compiler Android Adventures - Events Fundamental C - Program Structure What Makes A Programmer Udemy's Angular 2-The Complete Guide Course Review Java Data Types - Numeric Data jQuery 3 - Modifying DOM Objects Android Adventures - Building The UI 2.2 New Book Reviews! Robot Programming Android Concurrency Social eCommerce Scrum For The Rest Of Us! Seven Concurrency Models in Seven Weeks Developer Testing - Building Quality Into Software Introducing Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Modern Web Development Optimized C++ Learning Perl, 7th Edition Begin to Code with C# Ada's Algorithm Raspberry Pi User Guide (4e) The Java Tutorial 6th Ed ASP.NET 4.6 Web Programming with C# 2015 Popular Articles Arrays in Python Android Adventures - Getting Started With Android Studio 2.2 Can You Do The Regular Expression Crossword? Getting started with Excel VBA Beautiful Architecture JavaScript Data Structures - Associative Array A Worm's Mind In A Lego Body Using the WPF .NET 4.0 DataGrid Data structures - Trees Sorting algorithms as dances Dumping .NET - Microsoft's Madness Weak typing - the lost art of the keyboard Online regular expression generator A Better Way To Program A Crab-Based Computer The Mod Function Over 2 Billion Chrome Browsers In Use Written by Janet Swift    Monday, 14 November 2016 Google held its annual Chrome Dev Summit last week and revealed that there are now over 2 billion Chrome browsers in active use across desktops, consoles and mobile devices. It also announced there would be no Chrome ad blocker. Actively-used browsers aren't the same as active users, given that many users rely on Chrome on multiple devices, indeed one of the benefits of using Chrome is that it can easily sync between your devices. But however and wherever you look you'll quickly come to the same conclusion - Chrome has become the ubiquitous and dominant browser. On the desktop it has taken share from Microsoft's Internet Explorer and ensured that Edge has a failed to be adopted despite the efforts made in Windows 10. The fact Chrome is pre-installed on every phone running Google's version of Android certainly gives it a head start in the mobile arena and it also has a healthy share of iOS devices. Here's the latest position from StatCounter across PCs, mobile devices and consoles, showing that Chrome has a 51.53% share of the world-wide market   From NetMarketShare, the latest browser stats for smartphones, tablets and consoles are displayed in this pie chart which shows Chrome's share is 54.30%, with Safari having the only other significant slice (25.66%)   Turning attention to the desktop distribution, Chrome has almost the same proportion (54.41%) and it is Internet Explorer, which is the default browser for Windows 7, the dominant desktop OS that is is second place with 25.48%   NetMarketShare's trend chart over the last 12 months shows clearly how Chrome has increased its dominance at the expense of Internet Explorer: We used to comment on how Firebox was doing - but even though it has rallied a little from its low in August it does seem to have become a lost cause. It will be interesting to see if Edge, which is increasing its tiny share ever edges Firefox out of its third rank position. Meanwhile back at the Chrome Dev Summit, Darin Fisher, vice president of Chrome engineering, told delegates that Google will not be building an ad-blocking feature into Chrome, explaining that it's better to change the behavior of adds rather than block them altogether, a viewpoint undoubtedly motivated by the fact that Google makes a lot of revenue from advertising. Fisher said:  "We feel like there are a lot of challenges in advertising. There are a lot of wrong ways. However, if publishers and advertisers do ads the right way, it can be great for the users and for the ecosystem." Admitting that a lot of advertising hurts engagement by actually deterring people from using websites he referred to a recent initiative, the Coalition for Better Ads that Google has helped to found along with publishers like Facebook, News Corp. and The Washington Post, advertisers like Unilever and Proctor & Gamble, and industry groups like the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) and the Association of National Advertisers (ANA). Fisher also outlined Google's plans to to have Chrome support progressive web apps (PWAs) that deliver a mobile app-like experience within browsers:   "It's expensive to get people to install an app ... but progressive web apps arrive fast through the browser to keep visitors happy, then download extra abilities silently in the background. For website developers there's really no fundamental limit to the kinds of experiences you can create." Firefox and Edge also support PWAs but they are not yet supported by Apple either within Safari or for third-party browsers running on iOS. A lot of attention was paid during the summit to the need for websites to be mobile-friendly, particularly in view of the finding by StatCounter Global Stats that  mobile and tablet devices accounted for 51.3% of Internet usage worldwide in October compared to 48.7% by desktop.     Together with the fact that the Google search algorithm now penalizes web pages that are not mobile-friendly, this is a clear signal  to  web developers not to ignore mobile.        More Information StatCounter Global Stats Netmarketshare Coalition for Better Ads Related Articles Is Chrome Most Prevalent Browser? Chrome Makes More Gains Firefox Continues To Decline How Is Edge Doing?   To be informed about new articles on I Programmer, sign up for our weekly newsletter, subscribe to the RSS feed and follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ or Linkedin.   Google Turns Your Phone Into A Photo Scanner 19/11/2016 If you have ever taken on the task of digitizing old photos you will know that it is a tough job. Now Google has applied computational photography to make it easy with just a phone camera - you take a [ ... ] + Full Story Take VisionMobile's Gamified Developer Survey 16/11/2016 The bi-annual (twice a year) State of the Developer Nation Survey is fast becoming one of those regular events that serves to remind us just how quickly the years go by. So to overcome the "Not again! [ ... ] + Full Story More News Jumpstart Your Career In Game Development With Udemy Windows 10 Stalls Google Firebase Adds Analytics, Improves Gaming The Weekly Top 10: More AngularJS Web Development Resources TJBot - Using Raspberry Pi With Watson Gain A Competitive Edge With Uber's Driver API Exploding RoboSimian - What 96 Batteries Can Do Microsoft C++/WinRT The Weekly Top 10: Learning about eCommerce Kotlin 1.05 Released October Restarts For Data Analysis, Machine Learning and Algorithms Neural Networks Have A Universal Flaw Jay Forrester Dies Aged 98         Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Last Updated ( Monday, 14 November 2016 )     Follow @Iprogrammerinfo     RSS feed of news items only Copyright © 2016 i-programmer.info. All Rights Reserved. Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License. Powered by Joomla!. ValidXHTML andCSS.
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Leisure Last Modified: Fri, Nov 11 2016. 12 56 PM IST Suketu Talekar: Master brewer Why the co-founder of the hugely successful Doolally craft beers thinks the Indian craft-beer industry will be twice the size of the wine industry in five years Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Dustin Silgardo Suketu Talekar. Illustration: Jayachandran/Mint When I first met Suketu Talekar in Pune, back in 2009, Brewcrafts Microbrewing Pvt. Ltd, which produces Doolally craft beers, was still making test batches of ales and ciders. As I watched Talekar, then 32, and German head brewer and co-founder Oliver Schauf, whom he met online when he was looking for a partner, haul sacks of malt and hops from the storage room to the brewery, they had to explain to me the basics of how a beer is made. “Beer is, essentially, the shit and piss of yeast,” Talekar, Doolally’s co-founder, had said, guffawing. They had to carefully list the differences between an industrial beer and a craft one, and why the latter was more desirable. As India’s first microbrewery, Doolally’s principal challenge then was simply letting consumers know there was more to beer than Kingfisher and Foster’s. Just seven years later, India has more than 30 microbreweries. If you’re anywhere in Bengaluru, Pune, Gurgaon or Mumbai, you’re not far from a pub that will serve you a craft beer on tap. Even your local wine shop may have bottles of craft beer made by an Indian company. Talekar, who is in charge of Doolally’s marketing and sales—Schauf handles the making of the beer—is neither surprised, nor overly excited, about the rapid growth of a market he helped open up. “If you make a good beer, consumers will love it. That was always a no-brainer for me,” he says. We are sitting at the Doolally Taproom in Bandra, Mumbai, one of three such outlets in the city. The company, which began selling its beers at The Corinthians Resort & Club in Pune in 2009, brought its brews to Mumbai in 2015. The Bandra Taproom, wholly owned and run by Doolally, was their first outlet, and since then, two more have opened, one in Andheri and another at Kemps Corner. These restaurants are perpetually filled with increasingly knowledgeable beer drinkers who don’t even need the menu, let alone an explanation of what craft beer is, to place their order. But the education process has not been completed, says Talekar. “We have moved a long way from walking into a bar and asking just for ‘a beer’. Now, we walk into a bar and ask for a brand and a style—a Gateway Doppelganger or an Independence IPA (India Pale Ale),” he says. “Customers know there are possibilities of beer beyond Kingfisher and Foster’s. But really understanding what those possibilities are, that is an ongoing process.” "Among light, session beers, Talekar’s favourite styles are Gose, a salty, tarty German beer; Saison, which is easy to drink; the English bitter; and the English brown ale, particularly Hobgoblin, made by the Wychwood Brewery Company. Among challenging styles, he loves Indian Pale Ales, Belgian Tripels and Porters."- As that process continues, Talekar expects the industry to grow to a size that will dwarf what is now being heralded as a craft-beer boom. The US has seen the number of microbreweries reach nearly 5,000, even though the first one opened only in the late 1970s, he says. At this early stage in India, he sees other microbreweries more as allies than as competitors. “More players means more perspective on the product. It means more experimentation. It means consumers holding brewers to a higher standard, which means improvement on the product.” And he is impressed with the quality of entrepreneurs entering the craft beer industry, something he thinks will be critical to the pace it grows at. “People are making conservative estimates about the market for craft beer because they are underestimating the quality of the entrepreneurs entering this market. I believe there is a qualitative difference between the early bunch of winemakers and the early bunch of craft-beer makers. I will put my money behind a statement that in five years, craft beer will be 2x or 3x bigger than the wine industry. Which would mean that in 10 years, we would have done what the wine guys haven’t managed to do in 25 years. And that’s because of the quality of the entrepreneurs.” One of the stumbling blocks for the craft-beer industry has been the red tape one has to navigate to begin making craft beer and, then, package it in a way that is profitable. A number of breweries have complained that without being allowed to bottle their beers, they are left with too few revenue streams to break even. Talekar thinks the extent of these problems is overstated. Doolally has joined hands with a few other breweries to form the Maharashtra Craft Brewers Association, and they are seeking, among other things, permission from the excise department to sell beer in growlers (air-tight jugs used to store beer) at brewpubs. “It will be like parcelling beer, like you parcel food at a restaurant,” Talekar explains. Someday, he would also like to see Doolally beers sitting in bottles in stores. But at the moment he is not fixated on finding new ways to package and sell his beer. Rather, his days are spent managing Doolally’s Taprooms and ensuring that he “wins with every consumer who walks in”. Doolally’s Taprooms have become popular in Mumbai as places for relaxed get-togethers. They are brightly lit, unlike other pubs; the music is soft, allowing conversation; and the walls are lined with shelves full of books and board games, suggesting this is a place you will not be hurried in. Talekar understands that the context in which he sells his beer is as important as the product. “We believe that people don’t come here to eat and drink. They come here for something else. They come here to spend time with friends, someone they love or their colleagues. It’s like an extension of their living rooms.” Born in Gujarat’s Bhavnagar and schooled in Nashik, Talekar did a course in production engineering from the Jawaharlal Nehru College in Aurangabad. After a stint with his father’s company, which did sales and after-sales service of diesel engines, Talekar completed his master’s in business administration from the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore, in 2004. He then worked as an assistant brand manager with Procter & Gamble in Singapore. He had always been a beer drinker, but had never drunk truly good beer until he began frequenting a brewpub named Brewerkz there. He returned to India a year later with the idea of bringing good beer to his home country. His conservative family wasn’t too happy; they didn’t think “decent” people should be dealing in liquor. After a decade-long journey with BrewCrafts Microbrewing/Doolally, Talekar is doing things he had never imagined he would. Such as managing a pub. “We only began running our first 18 months ago, and now we have three, without raising any money. What I’ve learnt in this time is that there is no greater marketing tool than experiential retail. You can actually moderate how a person feels. That’s why every Apple store is worth a hundred million dollars that Microsoft spends on advertising.” Doolally’s beer sales have grown 400% since 2014 and their total revenue has increased by 1,000% in the same period. They’ve also added to their staff, currently at around 180, and have moved from working out of the Taprooms to an office in Santacruz. With this pace of growth, employees come to work every day knowing they are going to have to face new challenges, which is why Talekar sees his role as that of a cheerleader. “I believe in letting people be. I think that if you recruit right, then your job is to create conditions that will let people succeed and give them the leeway to make decisions and mistakes too. It’s natural when you are doing so many new things for morale to dip at times. My job is to get everyone excited about the big picture.” Dustin Silgardo Topics: Suketu TalekarDoolally craft beersMicrobreweriesPuneOliver Schauf More from this Section Amp up your office wear The effect of demonetization The cashless campaigner Lounge review: Asia Kitchen & Bar, Mumbai Lounge loves: A multi-disciplinary ‘Tempest’ from Kerala Editor's Picks Demonetisation: Income tax department notices to those depositing huge cash Arun Jaitley pitches for latest technology in farm sector, hints at incentive review Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate: Iran Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy First Published: Fri, Nov 11 2016. 12 51 PM IST Latest News Suspect cash: I-T department warns violators will face max seven year jail term Sebi mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs We can work towards ‘Make in India & Make with India’: Israel Editor's Picks Demonetisation: Income tax department notices to those depositing huge cash Arun Jaitley pitches for latest technology in farm sector, hints at incentive review Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate: Iran Latest News Suspect cash: I-T department warns violators will face max seven year jail term Sebi mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs We can work towards ‘Make in India & Make with India’: Israel Angela Merkel said to tell her party she’ll run again as Chancellor Govt plans to double the number of airports in 2-3 years: Jayant Sinha Mint On Sunday The dilemma of Draupadī’s disrobing The prodigals return to Neroca US elections: How slogans can make or break a candidate Now, the crowd can bankroll your research How to maximize judicial time Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
null
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Experts Gather to Discuss Financial Benefits of Sustainability at New Metrics ‘16 Experts Gather to Discuss Financial Benefits of Sustainability at New Metrics ‘16 Posted on November 14, 2016 by CSRwire Press Releases, Events and Reports in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Members of the Sustainable Brands® community gather in Boston, MA to kick off the 5th annual New Metrics conference. Nearly 300 global senior executives across diverse sectors are convening today through Nov 16th to unveil cutting-edge corporate practices that measure and quantify environmental and social impacts and tie them to financial and business value. Conversations are focusing on Corporate Strategy & Operations, Customer Insights and Engagement, Investor Trends & Relations, as well as Supply Chain Impact & Management. New Metrics ’16 hosts more than 100 influential speakers sharing case studies and achievements of organizations succeeding in utilizing novel, diverse performance methodologies and metrics to assess the business risk, benefit and ROI of sustainability. This year, many of the sessions and workshops led by these speakers are eligible for Continuing Professional Education (CPE) credit for licensed CPAs. Through a new partnership with the Rhode Island Society of CPAs (RISCPA), Certified Public Accountants can earn total of 22 CPEs over the 3 day period. Compelling corporate initiatives and leading-edge business performance metrics presented at New Metrics ‘16 include: Adam Elman, Global Head of Delivery – Plan A & Sustainable Business at Marks and Spencer, shares how one of the world’s leading retailers was able to quantify the social and environmental impacts of increasing the sustainability attributes of their products. Jocelyn Cascio, Supply Chain Sustainability Sr. Manager at Intel, reveals how the tech giant improves sustainability in its supply chain and how it assesses the ROI of such efforts. Bob Willard, renowned author of Sustainability Advantage, reveals and explains key insights from his new e-book about evaluating, justifying and building business cases around corporate sustainability initiatives. Rasmus Skov, Head of Sustainability Performance at DONG Energy, discusses what kinds of non-financial data the energy company leveraged to demonstrate to shareholders and other stakeholders the value gained by transitioning from a coal-intensive utility to a market leader in offshore wind energy. Rob Michalak, Global Director of Social Mission at Ben & Jerry’s, and Mark McElroy, co-author of The Multicapital Scorecard™, update the community on lessons learned from a Ben and Jerry’s attempt to test a pilot version of the Scorecard, a reporting mechanism that examines organizational performance in all its dimensions, including social, economic and environmental. Michelle Lapinski, on the Steering Group for the Natural Capital Coalition, introduces the Natural Capital Protocol, a new, comprehensive framework launched in July 2016 to help businesses in any sector better understand and manage natural capital. Martin Rich, Chair & Co-founder of the Future-Fit Foundation, and Michael Jantzi, CEO of Sustainalytics, unveil a new vision for equipping mainstream investors with the tools they need to assess the sustainability of current and prospective investment targets.     “Sustainable Brands recognized and first convened a group of innovative business leaders 5 years ago at our first New Metrics event to spur aggressive action toward translating previously ignored environmental and social impacts into corporate financial performance indicators,” states KoAnn Vikoren Skrzyniarz, Founder and CEO of Sustainable Brands. “We have since opened critical insight into key business metrics that are informing next generation goals and just beginning to tap the business opportunity for sustainability-driven innovation in the 21st century.” Nearly 300 senior sustainability and financial executives from leading companies such as Coca-Cola, Amazon.com, BASF, adidas group, Burt’s Bees, CVS Health, Dell, Etsy, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, Pepsico, Target and UPS are attending this week at the Royal Sonesta Boston in Cambridge, MA. In addition, senior leaders from the SB Corporate Member Network will hold a separate meeting focused on key insights in New Metrics. Proud supporters of this event include BASF as Platinum sponsor and Apex Clean Energy, EnerNOC and Altenex, an Edison Energy as Silver level sponsors. Bronze sponsors include UL EHS Sustainability, RAPPORT, as well as NatureBank as the Official Carbon Offset Partner, South Pole Group as the Official Renewable Energy Partner. The Rhode Island Society of CPAs is the Continuing Education Partner. Additional partners include Bonneville Environmental Foundation as a Water Restoration Partner, Terracycle as a Waste Partner, and Wharton/IGEL, Blue Practice, Ceres, Savii Group, Hemmings House Pictures and others. Further information can be found at www.NewMetrics16.com, by emailing connect@sustainablebrands.com or by calling 1.415.626.2212.   About Sustainable Brands Sustainable Brands® is the premier global community of brand innovators who are shaping the future of commerce worldwide. Since 2006, our mission has been to inspire, engage and equip today’s business and brand leaders to prosper for the near and long term by leading the way to a better future. Digitally published news articles and issues-focused conversation topics, internationally known conferences and regional events, a robust e-learning library and peer-to-peer membership groups all facilitate community learning and engagement throughout the year. Sustainable Brands is a division of Sustainable Life Media headquartered in San Francisco, CA. Latest News InventHelp Invention Eliminates Blind Spots for Drivers (TOR-9584) InventHelp Inventor Creates An Improved Baiting Device (SUU-339) InventHelp Inventor Creates Improved Smartphone/Tablet Case (SUU-337) InventHelp Inventor Develops Trash-Can Accessory (STU-2119) InventHelp Inventors Develop Accessories for Customizing Musical Instruments (STU-2113) InventHelp Inventor Develops Carpet-Cleaning Tool for Pet Owners and Carpet Cleaning Companies/Manufacturers (STU-2076) Solar Panel Lifter Invented by InventHelp Client (SDB-951) InventHelp Client’s Accessory Prevents Shoulder and Neck Strain While Sitting in Low-Backrest Chairs (SDB-626) InventHelp Inventor Creates Graffiti Prevention Device (SFO-277) InventHelp Inventor Develops Football-Themed Support Pillow (SFO-276) © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Jobs ET Portfolio ET Speed Markets News Industry Small Biz Politics Wealth MF Tech TECHHardwareSoftwareInternetITeSDo Big Stories FOLLOW TECH US doesn't have more control than other countries: Internet "Some Indian intellectuals have been making a big fuss about jurisdiction. These...Software services exports from Software Technology Parks units up 9 per cent to Rs 3.2 lakh croreFacebook CEO, Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC countries to join global connectivity revolutionDataWind formally launches Hyderabad manufacturing unit Jobs Opinion NRI Slideshows Magazines PanacheET MagazineWealthBrand EquityFinancial TimesTravel FOLLOW PANACHE FOLLOW WEALTH More NewslettersAlertsE-PaperE-LearningET intelligenceMobileET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth for iPadET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App Brand Solutions Change the Air Join us in the fight against air pollution Tata Docomo Business Services Do Big Stories: Powering Innovations Mutual Fund PULSE Get ready to become a champion investor GE EnergyWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating energy. TomorrowMakers Everything you must know about insurance. For The Next India Committed to the Future, Committed to India Make in India Campaign created major impact through various policies & initiatives. PMI PMI presents CXO Round Table Series on Project Management. ET HealthWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating healthcare... Tools Online financial calculators and more. ET NOW You are here: ET Home›Jobs 04:05 PM | 18 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,150-77.38 NIFTY 50 8,074-5.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,970-161.00 USD/INR 68.130.30 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments IIM Calcutta has wraps summer placements with top stipend of Rs 4.5 lakh per month By , ET Bureau| Updated: Nov 14, 2016, 05.38 PM IST E-commerce witnessed loss of some recruiters, most of them being start-ups. MUMBAI: The consulting share accounted for the largest chunk of summer internships offers, with nearly 24 per cent of the 460-plus offers. Major recruiters in consulting were McKinsey & Co, Bain & Co, Boston Consulting Group, A.T. Kearney and Accenture Strategy, the latter being the largest recruiter in the consulting domain. Finance continued to be one of the most sought-after domains among students with 23 per cent of the batch securing internships in the BFSI sector. The sector witnessed a surge in the number of banking sector firms and private recruiters participating in the placement process with Goldman Sachs being the top recruiter in the category. FMCG, consumer product and F&B companies including HUL, P&G, ITC, L’Oreal, J&J, PepsiCo., Coca Cola, Mondelez and Nestle hired 19 per cent of the batch in sales & marketing roles 14 per cent of the batch was hired for leadership roles in conglomerates such as Tata Administrative Services, Aditya Birla Group, Mahindra & Mahindra and others. Aditya Birla Group was the biggest recruiter in this domain with the highest number of offers. E-commerce witnessed loss of some recruiters, most of them being start-ups. This loss of roles was mostly made up by the increase in Finance & Leadership roles on the campus. READ MORE :product | Nestle India Limited | Mumbai | Mahindra | IIM Calcutta | Calcutta Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY More From Jobs IIM Calcutta has wraps summer placements with top stipend of Rs 4.5 lakh per month Auto sector can generate 6.5 crore new jobs by 2026: Maruti Suzuki IIT Kharagpur blacklists 8 startups for campus placements SAP India unveils programme to bring women back to workforce 88% employees willing to stay longer if appreciated at work: Survey Take a look at sectors giving highest pay hike in 2017 India's job growth slows in September Govt launches model career centre in Mumbai B2B hiring grows 32%, B2C faces restructuring woes IIM Kozhikode completes summer placements with top stipend of Rs 2.5 lakh 5 ways to manage when facing personal crisis Rise in demand for expat chefs as standalone restaurants look to raise the bar Essar's Aegis to hire 5,000 hands India Five ways to deal with an employee who isn't a team player Ecommerce companies like Flipkart, Snapdeal and others shopping big time for temporary staff Online job market to double by 2020: Survey Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Indian women say it takes two to raise happy, healthy baby Indian women say it takes two to raise happy, healthy baby Source : Last Updated: Mon, Nov 14, 2016 17:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print New Delhi, Nov 14 (IANS) A majority of Indian women strongly believe in the power of two to raise a happy and healthy baby, a new survey has revealed. Conducted by Pampers in association with AC Nielsen, the survey -- which had a sample size of 432 parents (216 mothers) of children up to three years of age in Bengaluru, Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata -- highlights how the involvement of both the mother and the father is extremely crucial for the cognitive, social as well as the emotional development of the baby. It is conducted in correspondence with Pampers' latest campaign 'It Takes Two' (#ItTakes2) that talks about the importance of both mother and father's involvement in wholesome development of the baby. The results of the survey indicate that 97 per cent of the mothers said it takes two to raise a happy and healthy baby, and 90 per cent of the women surveyed said they want their husbands to be more involved in baby care. As many as 88 per cent of the mothers agreed that their husbands hesitate to change diapers. Among the men, 88 per cent of them said baby chores primarily need only the mother's involvement. Commenting on the survey, a P&G Spokesperson said: "The survey brings forth the fact that a happy, healthy baby needs active participation from both mom and dad, right from Day one. Paediatricians and child psychologists also agree that involvement of the mother as well as the father towards baby care has a direct correlation towards better cognitive and social development of the baby. "The results thus pose a very interesting question to all the young parents out there, If #ItTakes2 to make a baby, shouldn't It Take 2 to raise a baby?" --IANS rb/dg SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
null
Click here to join our mailing list Yorkshire North West West Mids East Mids People on the move: LOVE; Horwich Farrelly; Abbey Logistics Group; Dawsonrentals | vans; Rider Levett Bucknall14th November 2016  MANCHESTER-based LOVE is marking its 15th anniversary with a host of new clients, new hires and new office space. Founded in 2001, LOVE is expecting 2016 to be another year of impressive growth revenue up 25 per cent for the second successive year.   Over the last 12 months, the agency has won new business from Häagen-Dazs and Proctor & Gamble. They join an impressive client roster that includes Johnnie Walker, Guinness, Moët & Chandon, Umbro and N Brown’s Simply Be and Jacamo fashion brands.   To continue offering clients the best in both creativity and strategy, LOVE has hired Neil Bennett to the new role of strategy director.   He joins from London’s AnalogFolk where he worked on Pernod Ricards’ Absolut vodka and Malibu rum brands. Previous to that he worked at Mother.  His appointment takes LOVE to 60 staff, doubling the size of the company from where it was three years ago.   Trevor Cairns, LOVE chief executive, said, “Neil is at the sharp end of technology, innovation and culture.  He will provide insights and thought leadership that will guide and inspire our clients. We work with some of the best and most ambitious brands in the world and Neil will be pivotal in developing compelling ideas that redefine those brands and shake-up sectors.”   In order to accommodate the growth, LOVE will be taking a second floor in their building on Dale Street, taking their total space to over 12,000 square feet.  Work is underway on creating the new studio, event and office space and is expected to be completed early 2017. :: MANCHESTER-based industry law firm Horwich Farrelly has appointed Mark Dickson as a new defendant partner. Joining from Keoghs, Dickson brings more than 20 years’ experience in the personal injury claims arena, acting on behalf of a range of insurers, multinational companies and local authorities. As well as specific expertise in the aviation sector, having been retained as the lawyer of choice for the world’s largest ground handling company, Dickson has a strong track record successfully defending claims for manual handling and repetitive strain injuries as well as defending product liability claims for corporate clients and their insurers. He also has extensive experience in defending high value employers’ liability and public liability claims. Past claims successfully defended include PTSD claims brought against large retailers following armed robberies as well as claims arising from head and brain injury, spinal cord damage, amputation, fatal accidents and multiple injuries. “Mark brings considerable proven expertise, complementing the knowledge and expertise already offered to our clients”, explained Rob Barrett, managing partner for Horwich Farrelly. “Bringing the total number of partners at Horwich Farrelly to 35, this latest appointment reflects the growing range and volume of claims we are being asked to defend.” Dickson added: “Horwich Farrelly has deservedly earned a reputation for consistently achieving the right result for its clients with an innovative approach to investigating and defending a diverse range of claims.   “I am looking forward to joining the team and applying my expertise to the challenges facing our clients.” :: ABBEY Logistics Group, one of the UK’s largest bulk liquid and powder logistics providers, has appointed David Thomas as its chief financial officer. Thomas joins Bootle, Merseyside-based Abbey from XPO logistics the global supply chain services company where he was most recently Finance Director of their UK supply chain businesses. A chartered management accountant, Thomas has extensive finance, risk and operations experience within the logistics sector and has held a number of senior roles with national and international logistics companies. Thomas will sit on the Abbey Group Board and will oversee the finance, corporate development, risk and commercial legal functions. He will be tasked with helping Abbey achieve its 2020 vision of becoming the UK’s leading bulk liquid and powder transport company, offering best in class service and excellent value. Specifically, this will include leading a drive towards increased efficiency and further growth in new and existing markets.   Steve Granite, chief executive at Abbey Logistics Group said: "David has impressed the board immensely with his experience and we are confident he is the right person to help us as we embark upon the next phase of the firm's development." Thomas said: “Abbey Logistics is one of the UK’s leading logistics companies. Its success is down to clear values and an unrivalled reputation for taking problems away from customers and a real can-do spirit.” :: WEST Lancshire commercial vehicle provider Dawsonrentals | vans, has strengthened its team with the appointment of Lee Saunders, area sales manager for the Skelmersdale branch. Saunders joins the company with more than 20 years’ experience in commercial vehicle sales, service and rental. During his career, he has worked across the UK, Ireland and North America, meaning he brings a wealth of international knowledge to the role. He is now tasked with expanding Dawsonrentals | vans’ operations in the North West. Managing director Gareth Jones said: “Lee joins the company at an exciting time. The Skelmersdale branch has driven a great level of success across the North West, and is now the second largest branch in the country.” :: PROPERTY and construction consultancy Rider Levett Bucknall has doubled the size of its North West team over the last 18 months. The latest two appointments, Scott Young, senior quantity surveyor, and Thomas Cox. a placement student from the University of Salford, bring the total number of employees in the Manchester office to 50. Russell Bolton, managing partner of RLB Manchester, said: “I am delighted to welcome our latest recruits, Scott and Thomas, to the team. “Last year we set out to grow and develop our team in the North West to ensure we continued to provide the right support for our customers.  We have increased our talent across the board and, with the addition of RLB Schumann in June, have strengthened our services as well.    “We continue to work with local schools, colleges and universities offering work experience and placements. These opportunities are both a stepping stone for young people to experience our industry and help us nurture a talent pipeline for the future.”   >> Next Article << Previous Article Latest News Co-op job cuts, solicitor struck off and personal injury controversy in Bolton The editor's eye on the most popular stories of the week Liverpool firm loses trademark infringement battle Plumbing firm may have to pay damages The 9 types of bosses and how to work with them Which one is your boss most like? Probe into £300K council grant to PI specialist Grant to Asons 'deeply concerning' Casino operator to close Liverpool office Moving back office to Birmingham Engineering firm waiting to feel the benefit of £14m increase in sales Bodycote integrating newly-acquired sites into its business Customers can bite back - Co-op supremo Pennycook says 2013 crisis nearly killed the Co-op Do you need a career change? Three signs you should consider your options Manchester miserable? Its not just down to the weather Carl Williams, managing partner for Grant Thornton in the North West, on Manchesters prosperity divide PI law firm gets £17m helping hand Company on rapid growth path has fee income of £12m Bistrot Pierre opening coming soon French indie eatery launching in Altrincham Museum of Science and Industry gets green light for £6.2m development Special exhibition gallery gets thumbs up 6 ways to get through a Friday Because Friday afternoons are the hardest few hours of the week Developer gets £65m of funding for expansion Fourth regional office on its way Future accountancy stars come of age Glitzy cermonies in two cities hail up-and-coming talent Dylan's iconic images up for grabs Chance to buy limited edition graphics Big events in cities trumpet rising accountancy talent 7 rules to be a better public speaker Mastering the art of public speaking can be a real boost to your confidence - and career NorthEdge hires in top dealmakers Private equity firm boosted by new appointments Wirral pub reopens after major refurb Complete revamp for Harvest Mouse Big PUSH is back on at HOME Work of the most talented artists to be showcased Chance to see complete collection of precious watercolours Paintings collected by industrialist and town benefactor on show How to never offend your colleagues Never upset or annoy a colleague again with these tips Santa's workshop opens for business Elves to help children's festive dreams come true Work of slick city snappers on show Exhibition shows of talent of photographers in commercial district City is star turn as Fantastic Beasts hits cinemas Film is J K Rowling's screenwriting debut Ex-HMRC worker and bouncer sentenced for evading tax Given 14-month jail term suspended for 12 months and ordered to pay £7,651 6 types of people who will never succeed at work Do your colleagues have these character traits...or do you? £60m town centre retail and leisure scheme plan submitted Project is part of £250m regeneration of Rochdale United count cost of failure to qualify for Champions League Profits and revenue tumble at Old Trafford Axe to fall on 200 Co-op Bank jobs Low interest rates taking toll on high street lender Stormy times push Booths into the red Tough year for the upmarket retailer How to appear confident even when youre not Not a confident person? Try doing these at work Director in £7m betting scam banned for 12 years Millions from 'risk free' gambling venture never recovered Profits and revenue flow for bathroom specialist Listed company boosted by significant acquisitions Energy firm's £500K buy-to-give challenge to Big Six Dual aim to give energy to world's remotest regions Heaven knows I'm miserable now - city marred by poor health and unhappiness Greater Manchesters strong economic performance is not yet addressing its social and health problems, says report Boost your career through meditation Feel the benefits of spending just 10 minutes a day to relax and open your mind Pension concerns scupper PE firm's interest in Vita LDC pulls out of talks to buy Oldham-based firm It's all change on Oxford Street New priorities on city centre thoroughfare North West Business Directory Select Sector Accountants Advertising & Marketing Banking & Finance Building & Construction Business Services Education Engineering Estate Agents & Surveyors Healthcare Home Services Insurance Interiors IT & Communications Legal Services Manufacturers Media & Production Motoring Procurement Recruitment Restaurants & Catering Services Travel & Leisure Wealth Management Home | News Archive | Contact Us | Business Directory | 2 View full site
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading FMCGs dominate Singles’ Day and wider online shopping arena  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies FMCGs dominate Singles’ Day and wider online shopping arena Uniqlo, Midea, Honor and furniture maker Linsy among most popular sellers with sales each surpassing 100 million yuan within the first half hour of shopping event PUBLISHED : Sunday, 13 November, 2016, 9:16pm UPDATED : Sunday, 13 November, 2016, 10:16pm Comments:   Celine Ge celine.ge@scmp.com http://twitter.com/CelineJGE Share PrintEmail Fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) were among the most chased-after goods during Alibaba Group’s Singles’ Day online shopping extravaganza over the weekend, which highlights young Chinese consumers’ preference for convenience in buying daily necessities. Cosmetics, books, baby goods, electronics, pharmaceutical products, fresh produce, clothing and mobile phones all recorded huge sales during this year’s event, according to data released by Alibaba, whose main shopping platforms are Taobao Marketplace, TMall, and AliExpress. But in terms of the top individual brands, a broad representation from various categories of retailers stole the show. Japanese clothing brand Uniqlo, home appliance major Midea, mobile handsets brand Honor and Guangdong-based furniture maker Linsy were among the most popular sellers with sales each surpassing 100 million yuan within the first half hour of the shopping event. FMCG spans everything from infant formula to soft drinks and beauty products, and China’s annual online spending volume last year shot up to US$25.3 billion from US$1.4 billion in 2010, according to market researcher Euromonitor International. As Chinese urban dwellers rely more on e-commerce for their daily necessities to save time and money, online sales of packaged foods, alcoholic drinks and personal care products are expected to record exponential growth in the years to come, a recent survey by London-based consultancy OC&C found. The report showed while large grocery sales in China still have lower online penetration than the other categories, as well as tech-savvy millennials, those aged between 30 and 50 said they would be opting to buy daily necessities online in the coming six months. “The growing middle classes want to save money on everyday consumables so they can use these savings towards a better lifestyle including for dining out or buying international fashion brands,” said Jack Chuang, Partner, Greater China, OC&C Strategy Consultant. “As their appetite for premium and healthy products rises, consumers are also seeking to order imported foods and drinks online if they can’t find them in local hypermarkets or corner stores. That has prompted Alibaba to put Borges olive cooking oil from Spain, Ocean Spray raisins from US, and Haribo gummy candy from Germany – essentially the Western snacks barely seen across Chinese urban neighbourhoods – on sale in its online supermarket. “Chinese consumers are eager to try something new, and they always favour brands they consider more reliable,” said Joerg Wolle, CEO of Swiss market expansion giant DKSH Holding which recently purchased a major stake in eSweets, a Shanghai-based distributor of high-end consumer goods such as Lindt chocolate and Illy Coffee. The grocery market space, from soy sauce to shampoo, is becoming an emerging billion dollar battleground for Chinese e-commerce giants Alibaba and its chief rival JD.com as they hunt for new revenue growth in China. The war is likely to be costly and any victory will be hard fought, with rock bottom prices no longer the only key to success in e-commerce. Rather, it will be the quality of goods that entice China’s rising middle classes who are thirsty for Fiji water and hungry for European biscuits. It will also bring about change to the shopping habits of millions of Chinese, most of whom are accustomed to ordering clothes and home electronics online, but would still walk to a convenience store or supermarket for their daily necessities. The war escalated in the three weeks leading up to Alibaba’s November 11 Singles’ Day online shopping extravaganza when Wal-Mart Stores joined with JD.com to set up a Beijing online store to deliver imported goods to Chinese shoppers “within hours”. On the same day in Hong Kong, Alibaba spotlighted its alliance with giant US warehouse retailer Costco Wholesale, and other grocery brands like Procter & Gamble, as part of its Singles’ Day promotions that included coupons, discounts and offering products not yet available in China. The pacts with Western consumer multinationals were part of a multibillion dollar campaign rolled out by Alibaba, owner of the South China Morning Post, as it vowed to outspend its rivals to gain an upper hand in the unfolding grocery war. “While [JD.com] is talking about US$1 billion investments, we are willing to invest multi-times that number because this is a category we think we should be in as it has great potential,” Alibaba’s chief financial officer Maggie Wu said in a call with analysts in August. In the second quarter earnings result, Alibaba singled out its Tmall online supermarket as a business that scored a stellar “triple digit sales volume growth”. JD’s grocery revenue soared 70 per cent over the first quarter of the year, while Alibaba’s online supermarket, currently the largest nationwide, more than tripled its sales for the same period. “Without question, fast-moving consumer goods are where Alibaba and JD.com’s future growth lies, with home appliances and clothing e-commerce in China approaching saturation,”said Hu Chuncai, Shanghai-based general manager with retail management consultancy Shangyi Consulting. A price war between the two titans have also erupted, and intensified. In early September, Alibaba’s Tmall Supermarket spent an estimated 180 million yuan on offering 50 per cent discounts in time sensitive deals in Beijing and Shanghai, firing back at similar sales promotions at the grocery division of JD.com, with the Beijing-based e-commerce firm promising to make its online grocery store “second to none” within three years. “But the chance is slim for JD to live up to that pledge, given that Alibaba has already gained a position of dominance particularly in southwest and northwest China,” said Shangyi Consulting’s Hu. The OC&C survey of 4,600 Chinese urbanites found that Alibaba’s Tmall and sister e-commerce site Taobao achieved the highest brand awareness and shopper penetration across major grocery categories, from infant formula to alcoholics drinks. But China’s online grocery market is also more fragmented, as Alibaba commands a 52 per cent market share versus a 70 per cent it controls of the overall online retail landscape in the country, according to OC&C. Alibaba’s chief executive Zhang Yong noted in a recent interview that winning consumers and success in China’s online grocery market also called for a “full embracing of offline channels”. “A partnership with bricks-and-mortar retailers will allow shoppers to place orders online and collect items in person at a store nearby, which will serve as part of the grocery delivery network,”said Hu, Driving down logistics costs would considerably fatten profit margins of grocery e-commerce, where package shipping can be more “costly” compared with bigger ticket items such as apparel and home appliances. While JD tries to utilise Wal Mart’s extensive distribution channels across cities as it reinforces its cooperation with the US supermarket giant, Alibaba’s logistics affiliate Cainiao managed to reduce shopping time by launching grocery delivery centres across China’s most populous cities. In June, Alibaba invested 5 billion yuan in a partnership with white goods retailer Suning Commerce Group, linking its online shopping platforms to the latter’s over 1,600 outlets 5,500 after-sales service points in China. Although e-commerce powerhouses are now making an all-out effort to make online purchases of toothpastes and potato chips easier than ever, patience is needed for Chinese consumers to really overhaul their grocery shopping patterns, experts reckon. “It will take time, probably a few years,”said OC&C’s Chuang, “and the shift will be on a gradual basis.” Additional reporting by Eric Ng This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: FMCG goods lead shopping surge of Chinese consumers   Most Popular Viewed 1 JPMorgan pays US$264 million fine to settle US probe into nepotism hires 2 Trump means business (in every sense) 3 Fed chief Yellen: Trump’s spending plan to stoke inflation, jack up US debt 4 Huawei working on smartphone which will ‘smell, taste, hear and see’ as well as humans 5 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen Shared 1 JPMorgan pays US$264 million fine to settle US probe into nepotism hires 2 Trump means business (in every sense) 3 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen 4 Fed chief Yellen: Trump’s spending plan to stoke inflation, jack up US debt 5 Huawei working on smartphone which will ‘smell, taste, hear and see’ as well as humans Commented 1 Chinese government rebukes US over comments on Hong Kong removal of legislators-elect 2 Lawyer who helped draft Basic Law says Beijing interpretation has destroyed ‘one country, two systems’ 3 Chinese University chief condemns student graduation protest at Beijing’s Basic Law ruling 4 Hong Kong localist radicals played into Beijing’s hands, democracy leader Martin Lee says 5 Hong Kong in the grip of a power struggle over oath-taking saga Promotions Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like China Trump expected to welcome Chinese investment in US, despite threatening tough tariffs on country’s products 16 Nov 2016 - 8:43am 5 Dazzling festivals throughout December: Macau’s seasonal delights to light up the city In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Game changes in Hong Kong’s Legislative Council after ban of two localist lawmakers 17 Nov 2016 - 11:15am 67 Stars align for economic growth: Vietnam’s success set to continue as key factors fall into place Presented by Go Asia-Vietnam Hong Kong Joseph Lau slams ‘greedy’ ex-girlfriend in video interview, confirms he wrote newspaper statement about breakup 16 Nov 2016 - 9:11pm 12 Hong Kong Dream of owning a home is over for most young Hong Kong people 15 Nov 2016 - 11:29pm 43 Offbeat The ‘mannequin challenge’ is the latest social media craze Nov 17th 2016, 3:37pm China Booming e-businesses amid tight censorship ... can China have it both ways with the internet? 15 Nov 2016 - 11:28pm 6 Hong Kong HK$14m revamp of Hong Kong Star Ferry looks to make waves with sofas, glass roof and diesel-electric generator 15 Nov 2016 - 10:36pm 7 Hong Kong Hong Kong’s foreign domestic helpers to be protected by new rule on window cleaning in early 2017 14 Nov 2016 - 11:50pm 10 China The day Donald Trump took on the Chinese government – and lost 15 Nov 2016 - 12:20am 15 Politics After Trump and Brexit, is Asia next on the anti-establishment hitlist? 14 Nov 2016 - 9:03am 1 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
