Cookies policy New Scientist SUBSCRIBE AND SAVE 48% MANAGE MY ACCOUNT STUDENT Schools and universities GIVE A GIFT MENU HOME NEWS TECHNOLOGY SPACE PHYSICS HEALTH EARTH HUMANS LIFE TOPICS EVENTS JOBS Subscribe SEARCH LOG IN Email address Password } Create an account Forgotten password Activate/Link subscription OpenAthens login Advertisement Advertisement Last chance to book! The world of Galileo: Eight days in Italy to discover the science of the Renaissance Home The secret science in your home The secret science in your home 25 January 2017 Sponsored by Nappy tech: inspired by babies All you need to aim to create the driest, most comfortable nappies is a lab full of playing babies and some bright minds NOT many research facilities have walls decorated with giant bumble bees and paddling ducklings. Nor do they tend to distract their study subjects with colourful slides and miniature shopping trolleys. Pampers – the first brand to widely introduce disposable nappy technology – has been understanding the needs of parents and babies to create new innovation for over 50 years. At the P&G Nappy Research and Development Centre in Schwalbach, Germany, around 250 researchers, part of a global team of over 800 scientists, ranging from dermatologists and chemists to material engineers, are designing the nappies of the future. The creative power of this team has enabled P&G to file more than 5000 nappy-improving patents. Babies in motion: 3D scanning Disposable nappies have changed beyond measure since their beginnings in the late 1940s. Their chief purpose, however, remains the same: to minimise leaks and keep skin dry and healthy and babies comfortable. To help achieve this, babies and toddlers are regularly invited to the child-friendly research suite at Schwalbach. The shape, fit and movement of their nappies are observed as they play. Detailed measurements are made in a large 3D scanner, consisting of 20 synchronised cameras arranged around a platform. Down the corridor is a specialised lab where dermatologists measure skin pH and loss of water from the skin as part of their efforts to minimise skin irritation. Researchers also give packets of nappies to 1,200 families a week. These may be experimental designs or existing products. Parents are asked to keep a diary of how each performs, detailing such things as leaks, shape changes and dryness and condition of the skin. This feedback is combined with the properties of materials in nappies, such as elasticity and absorbency, to create computer models of new designs. These are used to calculate the chances of a leak or excessive sagging, for example. “We can assess 20 virtual nappy prototypes and eliminate all but two or three,” says Dr Frank Wiesemann, P&G Principal Baby Care Scientist. “We then test those fully, rather than testing all 20.” Channelling innovation Schwalbach plays a key role in delivering major innovations in nappy design. Below the permeable sheet next to the baby’s skin, for example, most nappies have a polymeric “acquisition layer” that draws urine away from the skin. P&G’s scientists have added a second “distribution layer” to Pampers nappies, which disperses liquid around the nappy so it can be absorbed more efficiently. This is mostly made of cellulose, long thin fibres extracted from wood pulp. P&G treats them to create short “cross links” that strengthen the fibres (see graphic). This helps the nappy absorb quickly, even when a child sits on it when it’s full. Liquid flows along gaps between the closely bound cellulose strands which act like capillary tubes. “You need active distribution of the urine, whichever position the baby is in,” says senior P&G scientist Dr Ute Fröhlich. “Capillary forces between the cellulose fibres are high, so urine can move rapidly even against gravity.” Most of the liquid then passes to the absorbent core layer of the nappy. Until recently, the core of a Pampers nappy resembled those of some other brands: a mixture of cellulose and particles of super absorbent polymer capable of soaking up huge amounts of liquid relative to its own weight. The idea was that the cellulose initially soaks up the urine and the super absorbent polymer dries out the cellulose. However, it is impossible to dry out the cellulose completely, so urine can be released back under pressure. To deal with this, P&G developed a new super absorbent polymer that absorbs and distributes urine more quickly, allowing them to eliminate cellulose from the core. This has cut the weight of a single Pampers by around 5 grams, or 16 per cent, which is good for children. In a study funded by P&G, psychologists at New York University showed that, compared with cloth nappies, thin disposables help toddlers to keep their feet, reducing stumbles and falls. Some super absorbent polymers can take up hundreds of times their own weight in liquid, but P&G has constrained the new version to absorb between 20 and 30 times its weight. As a result, the particles do not merge into a single jelly-like blob. They stay as individual spheres even when saturated, so that any extra urine can flow past them to be absorbed elsewhere. Innovation doesn’t end there. Some nappies leak as a result of losing their shape when worn by active infants. To minimise this, P&G recently shaped the core into three absorbing channels to help the nappy keep its shape. Finally, faeces are trickier to deal with than urine. Clinical studies have shown that the enzymes in faeces can be aggressive on baby skin, especially when activated by high pH urines. So quick removal of faeces from the skin reduces risk of nappy rash. To improve performance, a Pampers Premium Protection nappy has a top sheet that has little conical apertures, allowing faeces to get into the core instead of spreading on top. This reduces faeces contact with the skin. “When I chose to study chemistry I didn’t set out to become a poo and wee expert,” says Fröhlich. “What I didn’t realise then was quite how much amazing science there is in the modern nappy.” From waste to worth: towards a circular economy FOR over 25 years, Pampers has been integrating sustainable thinking into its R&D and manufacturing programs. The result is thinner, lighter nappies that give babies greater manoeuvrability and have less environmental impact. Nevertheless, 170 billion nappies are thrown away annually and Pampers is committed to diverting nappies away from landfill. Which is why P&G has joined forces with its Italian partner, Fater, to develop a plant that recycles disposable nappies with other absorbent hygiene products (AHPs). The plant, in Treviso, Italy, can process 10,000 tonnes of waste a year. That’s 65 million nappies. AHP waste is fed into a chamber where pressurised steam sterilises it and neutralises odours. Cellulose and super absorbing polymers are then separated for reuse in other industries. “It is the only such recycling site in Europe and the most advanced worldwide,” says Dr Ioannis Hatzopoulos, P&G Sustainability Communications. More at: www.pg.co.uk This article appeared in print under the headline “Nappy tech: inspired by babies” Advertisement Magazine issue 3110, published 28 January 2017 Download Buy In Print Subscribe Previous article Village’s crane guests seen from a ‘grain’s point of view’ Next article Diaper tech: inspired by babies Advertisement Sign up to our newsletter Enter your email address to get started Contact us FAQ About us Who’s who Advertise with us Advertise jobs with us Privacy and terms Write for us Science jobs Dating Shop RSS feeds Syndication information Events Travel The Collection Subscribe Account settings Gift subscriptions Student subscriptions Educational subscriptions Corporate subscriptions © Copyright Reed Business Information Ltd. Back to top
SAT, JAN 28, 2017 | -2 °C Light snow Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Event listings Jeff Dickins Award 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 4 hours ago Hamilton commits to opioid surveillance, monitoring Starting mid-February month, weekly reports will be made available on the... Latest News SEE MORE Hamilton 350 continues to rally against Line 10 project Niagara police charge two men with trafficking in fentanyl bust City eyes default 40 km/h residential speed limit Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 17 hours ago Starbucks mobile orders bring traffic jams to pickup counter Starbucks Corp.’s much-ballyhooed mobile-ordering system has brought a... Latest Business News SEE MORE Tim Hortons is headed to Mexico Horizon presents General Motors cheque for lighting retrofit His fridge still broken after $415 in repairs: Roseman LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 3 hours ago Lillard's big 4th quarter leads Blazers past Grizzlies Lillard's big 4th quarter leads Blazers past Grizzlies Latest Sports News SEE MORE Canada leads No. 13 UCLA women over No. 16 Arizona State Samuelson helps No. 10 Stanford ease past Washington State NBA Capsules Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 3 hours ago Mary J. Blige isn't interested in opinions Mary J. Blige is not interested in anyone else's views of her and would... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Idris Elba wants to become an astronaut Historical Fiction: Marissa Stapley The art-market gold of Instagram Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Newsroom Insider Blogs Commenting Guidelines 21 hours ago The Spectator’s View: Beware of Trump bearing gifts Trump just gave Trudeau a safety net Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Wellness Home and Garden Environment Small Business Week 20 hours ago WEALTH MATTERS: What you need to know about spousal RRSPs of a spousal RRSP as an investment account for your spouse’s retirement.... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Jaguar XF ROAD TEST: Taking a Big Cat out to play in the snow Industry Education Council holds general meeting Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 4 hours ago A return to Guadeloupe: Tropical life, French-style The pink-tinged sky was darkening, and the air was warm and humid when my... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE Breckenridge: Romantic ski getaway Confronting the bully — decades later This bar is worth a push Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 58% off Chicken Strips discount: 58% | value: $60.00 | You Save: $35.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Legal Matters - The benefits of using a mediator during divorce proceedings Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 58% off Chicken Strips discount: 58% | value: $60.00 | You Save: $35.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Locally owned glass company treats customers like family Home Opinion Letters Jan. 28: We don’t need to hear from Harper and... | 4 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Jan. 28: We don’t need to hear from Harper and other letters to the editor Hamilton Spectator Trump's opening song was Canadian RE: Trump's presidency I was pleased to see that the song Mr. Trump selected for his first dance at the inaugural ball was not written by a fellow American. My Way was written by Canadian Paul Anka for Frank Sinatra. So much for that "buy American" or "America first" policy. Bob Miller, Hamilton We don't need to hear Harper talking Trump RE: Stephen Harper sees global uncertainty under Trump (Jan. 18, the spec.com) Canada doesn't need ex-PM Harper crawling out from under his rock to state the obvious when it comes to Donald Trump. Trump is an American and his priorities and loyalties are to America and Americans first and foremost. Perhaps Harper should have kept Canadians in mind before he allowed the sale of some of Canada's resources and companies to American and Chinese interest. Just drive down Burlington Street in Hamilton and see the decades-old empty sites of Firestone, Dominion Glass, Procter & Gamble, International Harvester, Otis Elevator, Westinghouse, Studebaker. The list goes on and on with the danger of reliance of foreign ownership and control. Harper as well as other ex-prime ministers now work as investment consultants for multinational corporations. While espousing his concern for Canadians crippled by high taxes, many who have lost jobs and pensions, his livelihood is based on inside knowledge of the government. If I want to listen to inane patter I'll watch Ben Mulroney interview American celebrities for what passes as international news on CTV. Walt Fisher, Hamilton Check out 'Birth of a Nation' RE: Marking Canada's anniversary Feeling especially patriotic in this significant year of our country's history, I borrowed the movie 'John A, The Birth Of A Nation' from the Hamilton library system. It is a CBC production, offering important insights into the development of this country of Canada. I highly recommend it. Michael Peacefull, Hamilton Obama did the right thing on inauguration RE: Trump presidency As a political science student at McMaster I have been exposed to a lot of material regarding how a series of actions can have a negative impact on a country, as well as an economy. In this instance, President Obama did the appropriate and reasonable thing by attending the Trump inauguration. In boycotting this event, President Obama would cause a multitude of issues — possibly riots — across the country. The United States has already experienced a lot of unrest following the election in November and by attending the inauguration. Former president Obama is promoting a peaceful transition. Historically, the outgoing First-Family has attended this event and to do anything out of the ordinary would tarnish the graceful legacy that the Obama's have established. If American's felt so strongly against Trump they should have voiced their opinion on Nov. 8 — for now we will just have to see how well it plays out over the next four years and in 2020 hopefully more than 50 per cent of the population turns out to vote. Rene Hares, Hamilton Downie's legacy is a better Canada RE: Gord Downie If Secret Path is the last thing Gord Downie does he will die happy — and we, the Canadians that get to go on living, will benefit from his work. He will leave the world a much better place because of his passionate pursuit to mend the hurt caused by the terrible Indian residential school system. In the months since he has been diagnosed with terminal brain cancer he has worked tirelessly to bring a great tragedy of our time to the forefront and has made us face it head on. We cannot undo the unspeakable harm done to so many innocent indigenous children and their families but we can learn from it and make sure we never treat our fellow human beings with such shameful disregard again. What Gord Downie is doing can easily positively impact many Canadians and change their view on this topic. Coming from a school that embodies the vision of human rights, there could not be a greater contrast between my school environment and that of the Indian residential schools. No one, least of all a child, should have to suffer as Chanie Wenjack and so many others did, all for the sake of their race and culture. The proceeds from the Secret Path album will go to the Gord Downie Secret Path Fund for Truth and Reconciliation at the University of Manitoba. Rowan Watson, Dundas How about free trade in Canada? RE: Free trade Justin Trudeau is quick to laud the importance of free trade as he awaits whether Donald Trump will tear up NAFTA. Canada aggressively pursues free trade agreements with the EU and Asia. The CETA and Trans-Pacific Partnership respectfully, yet you can be arrested for bringing cases of beer across from Quebec to Ontario. I guess Quebec will have to split from Canada before it becomes legal. J.R. Nichols, Hamilton Local 1005 got what it wanted RE: Stelco restructuring Once again Stelco retirees are making headlines with complaints of diminishing benefits and claims politicians aren't doing enough for them. These are the same people who stood up and cheered back in the late 1980s when the Local 1005 hierarchy harangued them, vowing to "bring the company to its knees." They succeeded in doing just that and now they're complaining? You reap what you sow. Hans Schmiedeberg, Burlington | (0) Comments Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News World  Trump signs ‘extreme vetting’ plan to shut door to most refugees Snapshot Local  Hamilton hospitals running at 120 per cent capacity Snapshot Ontario  Woman charged with mischief related to Mississauga Amber Alert Snapshot Local  City eyes default 40 km/h residential speed limit Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Local VIDEO: Inside Pacifico medical marijuana dispensary Local PHOTOS: Rally in Hamilton World PHOTOS: Millions march in defiance of President Trump Local VIDEO: Lincoln Alexander Celebration The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Red Hill fatality: Caledonia man, 25, was on way to work when he crashed “They never saw this coming:” Q&A with Kellyanne Conway Donald Trump said 11 false things in his first major TV interview as president Sexual predator Watts released from prison again Torched car after shootings raises concerns on Hamilton’s Mary Street In Your Neighbourhood Today Get relief from chronic pain with Heaven on Earth’s yoga therapy Through yoga therapy at Hamilton’s own Heaven on Earth, you can get relief from some of your body's... Exploring your denture options Here at West Hamilton Denture Clinic we know that every mouth is different and because of that, we... Mohawk College: Learning for life For four years running, Mohawk College has earned a place on the list of Niagara-Hamilton’s Top... What can a clean home or business do for you? Getting a superior clean from Hamilton’s F&A Cleaning Services may do much more for you than... Long-time Hamilton entrepreneur the driving force behind Kee2 Collections Kee2 Collections Sports Memorabilia in Hamilton is well-known as a popular store for collectors of... Fight feline fleas with the help of your vet While a cat having fleas may be a relatively common problem, the team at The Cat Clinic in... Legal Matters: Understanding the CRTC’s anti-spam legislation Question: What are the consequences of failing to comply with Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation?... Cycling is more than just a clever metaphor for the cycle of life Cycling is gaining new popularity as a healthy and environmentally sustainable form of... Legal Matters: Receiving reimbursement for items damaged in an auto accident Question: I had personal property damaged and destroyed in a car accident. Can I obtain... Your passport photo: What you need to know When it comes time to having your passport photo taken, Sooter’s in Hamilton advises that you have... Niagara Casinos: Great people work here Niagara Casinos - a great workplace! How do we know? Because we’ve been named a Top Employer in our... Administration services to take your small business to the next level PatnCat Co. in Stoney Creek is owned by certified professional bookkeeper Catharine Eldridge. It’s... 10 outstanding benefits of hypnosis and hypnotherapy For those who seek help to correct their thoughts and modify their behaviour, Positive Changes... Molinaro Group: Proud to bring a new standard of condo living to midtown Burlington Midtown Burlington is being redefined by the Molinaro Group with the most anticipated condominium... Towing company gives charities a lift A good company like Abrams Towing in Hamilton gives the community a boost, and in this case, the... Why you should consider new windows from Jensen Windows There are many perks when you get new windows for your home from Hamilton’s Jensen Windows. Of... Find a haircut that suits your style Willow Salon of Dundas has been offering extraordinary customer service and expert hairstyling for... Experience all the benefits of reflexology The health and wellness team at Everwood Wellness Retreat & Spa in Dundas, Ontario, wants to share... Drop Off Dry Cleaners and Laundry Services : For all your dry cleaning needs Drop Off Dry Cleaners and Laundry Services in Hamilton has been in business for 60 years.... 7 eco products that wow McCulloch Office & Storage Systems in Hamilton is passionate about the environment. As a leading... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Up to 70% off at Boston Pizza $6 View Deal 92% off Prescription Eyeglasses $19 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal Up to 50% off Dinner at the Anchor Bar $15 View Deal 42% off Breaded Chicken Parmesan $26 View Deal 44% off Chicken Fingers $24 View Deal 55% off Unbreaded Chicken Strips $27 View Deal View All Deals MORE LETTERS Jan. 28: David Bowie saw this coming and other letters to the editor Jan. 28: Energy lobby group needs scrutiny and other letters to the editor Jan. 27: City's paving, Trump, Trudeau and other letters to the editor Jan. 26 letters: Replace ‘politically correct’, is Skelly on track? and more LETTER: Ontario was right to turn down Hamilton's request to remove tender fruit lands from Greenbelt PreviousNext Jan. 28: David Bowie saw this coming and other letters to the editor TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Go Cooking Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 28 January 2017 Chakrabarti takes over running of MediaCom MEDIACOM has announced changes to the leadership of its Malaysian operations with Chanchal Chakrabarti to take over the running of the agency as Neal Estavillo steps down from the managing director role. Chakrabarti is one of MediaCom’s most experienced and respected regional talents, currently leading the P&G assignment across the Asean region. In this role, he oversees a team of more than 100 across several countries and has driven multiple industry innovations and been recognized with many awards. He is excited to return to Malaysia where he spent eight very successful years leading Mindshare and Maxus, building life-long friendships and collecting no less than four Malaysia Media Agency of the Year trophies. Chakrabarti will maintain his regional responsibilities as an Asia Pacific managing partner, reporting directly to MediaCom Asia Pacific CEO Mark Heap, but will relocate from Singapore to Kuala Lumpur and in addition take on the MediaCom Malaysia managing director responsibilities. Neal Estavillo will be leaving the agency after over five years in charge, during which time, he’s contributed significantly to building MediaCom into one of the country’s most successful agencies. During Estavillo’s tenure, MediaCom had a number of notable regional and local pitch wins including P&G, Fonterra, Sony Mobile, Coca-Cola, Sunway Group and Celcom. Tags / Keywords: MediaCom You May Be Interested Fed to stop mortgage reinvestments in 2018 Unlocking value in MMC TV advertising unfazed by onset of digital platforms Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Clubside clinch KLHA League title after beating DBKL in entertaining final Terengganu MCA announces new candidate to stand in Bandar at next GE Data centre growth drives Intel's fourth-quarter revenue, profit beat Property Related advertisement Latest News Shell set to sell US$3b North Sea assets to Chrysaor Resurgent Tesco surprises with US$4.6b swoop for wholesaler Booker US economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico In double whammy for Turkey, Fitch cuts to junk after S&P slashes outlook Most Viewed in Business Making money from money Joey Yap: Good time to invest as assets are cheap Giving banks a run for their money What Dow hitting 20,000 points means to Malaysia Shell set to sell US$3b North Sea assets to Chrysaor Unlocking value in MMC Resurgent Tesco surprises with US$4.6b swoop for wholesaler Booker US economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Azman’s journey with AMMB How to make smart investment choice advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Topics Retail Content Marketing Data/Analytics Customer Experience Digital Direct Mail Email Mobile Omnichannel/Multichannel Social Media B2B Marketing Podcasts Resources Essential Guides eBooks eBooks Descriptions Datamine Whitepapers Jobs Directory Events Caples Awards DMN Awards DMN Connect Marketing Hall of Femme DMN 40 Under 40 Awards Webcasts DMN Facebook DMN Twitter DMN LinkedIn DMN Google Plus DMN Pinterest Archive Subscribe Log in | Register DMN > Sections > Topics > Marketing Strategy > Plotting the Future of Entertainment Marketing Perry Simpson, Digital Content Coordinator January 25, 2017 Plotting the Future of Entertainment Marketing Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Email Print Content, scale, and format are evolving for entertainment marketers. Entertainment brands often go overlooked by the broader business community as innovators. Not because they don't innovate, but perhaps because it seems innovation is a given when you're in the business of entertaining people. Indeed, many innovations in contemporary digital life have roots in the entertainment business. The growth of video games led to an explosion in mobile gaming, and in the gamification of digital marketing. The standardization of high definition video — and increasing access to the software and equipment necessary to produce it — led to a boom in video content production; something many content marketers have prioritized in recent years. But beyond major tech advancements, entertainment marketing is shaping up to evolve in a few more subtle ways. Content Like many marketers in more standard businesses verticals, marketers in the entertainment industry have wrestled with the digital paradigm shift of enhanced consumer empowerment. For many marketers, content and data are two of the most powerful tools on hand to foster engagement with empowered consumers, but for the entertainment industry, the tides seem to be shifting not just toward creating optimized content, but optimized high quality content. It almost seems silly to say that making good content will be essential to entertainment marketing in the future. But in many ways quality has been subservient to economics in the broad entertainment world. Any brand with a billion bucks could throw money at a critically panned film like any of the Transformers movies and make lots of money. But with word of mouth and sentiment proliferating at the rates they are on social media, mediocre work is being increasingly called out as such. Beyond quality, though, lies the challenge of cross platform distribution. “The biggests successes will be people who understand the content they have to utilize, and how they can extend that content into other forms and fashions,” says Andrew Carvella, VP of strategy and brand engagement at Sprout Social. “Whether a film or TV show or video game, what are the things they can use as a brand to… extend the opportunities and create more opportunities for people to engage with their content across channels?” Entertainers have some of the most virally successful content on the web, but unlike the old days, successful content cannot live on one channel alone. Take some of the highly popular segments from late night TV. Both Jimmy Kimmel and James Corden — two of the most popular names in late night TV — have essentially memed segments of their show for the web to huge success. Corden's “Carpool Karaoke” videos routinely go viral, as do Kimmel's various “Mean Tweets” clips. Scale As big as brands like Coke or P&G are, their audience of engaged fans pales in comparison to that of entertainment juggernauts like Star Wars, any NBA or NFL team, or games like Overwatch or Call of Duty. While this dynamic is unlikely to change, it's important to appreciate the challenge many leading names in entertainment have in engaging these legions of fans. Indeed, engagement on such a scale may even be impossible. This is less of an issue for big brands like Disney or Warner Brothers, who have such strong followings that engagement isn't a pressing concern. But the scale vs. engagement debate will be very real indeed for new creators going forward. “Massive communities are important and can be great, but if you have an engaged following, even if it's a smaller community or viewership, then you're able to manage that engagement really well,” Carvella says. Entertainers of tomorrow are going to have to prioritize channels like social media and online forums and communities to bring audiences into the process on as many levels as possible. From behind the scenes live streams on social, to using live streaming itself as part of a growth strategy, entertainment brands, at once, have more options for fan engagement, and more obstacles to managing all of the various mediums. Another thing to consider in terms of audience is the role that influencer marketing will play in growing and retaining followings for entertainment brands. In many cases today, brands like Disney will work with influencers like PewdiePie in ways that mutually benefit each party. As familiar as such relationships sound, in entertainment, big brands have largely worked through influencers more so than with them. “[For] brands trying to evolve their thinking or strategies, it was acceptable to take your TV ad and amplify it on a creator's or influencer's channel or get them to make it for you,” says Ben Lister, COO of media at XTreme Video. “Now there is a far more longer term vision...We're now seeing a lot of influencers and brands creating huge profiles on social media. We've reached that tipping point where people are looking at how to engage their target audience better.” Brands and influencers will increasingly see reciprocal gains by working with one or the other in cases where the audiences have strong overlap. Disney is particularly notable here, given it's $500 million distribution deal with big YouTube gaming channels like PewDiePie and Total Biscuit. Format Video is now a huge component of the entertainment and entertainment marketing. So, while businesses are clamoring to find use cases for emerging imaging technology like augmented and virtual reality, 360 degree video, and to a lesser extent live streaming, many brands in the entertainment sector have products and content ready made for these experimental formats. In many ways, the most immediately fascinating aspect of speculating on the future of entertainment marketing is how these brands are going to set up use cases that those in the broader business world will look to for inspiration and validation. The key lies in the unifying theme of all the various experimental video formats: immersion. “We're quite interested in even the very basic live Q&As with athletes [in 360 live videos],” Lister says. “It's important for people like us to really try things out and seeing how these [formats] work in the market, and take that feedback back into the world where we're dealing with broadcasters and brands.” Welcome to Future Week,a week at DMN where we're straining to look beyond the event horizon See all of the pieces here. Loading links.... Related Articles Q&A: Denny's CMO John Dillon on making 'America's Diner' and Grand Slams appealing to millennials Marketing to the Millennial Mind-Set Related Topics Enterprise Marketing Future Week Millennial Marketing Video Games Next Article in Marketing Strategy One on One: There's a Problem with Programmatic, says Keith Sibson Sign up to our newsletters Best of... Weekly Daily Insider Events Weekly Hot List of the Day Sponsored Promotion Whitepaper of the Day DMNTech Roundup DMNTech Sponsored Promotion United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Company of the Week Since 1985, Melissa Data has helped thousands of companies clean, correct and complete contact data to better target and communicate with their customers. We offer a full spectrum of data quality solutions, including global address, phone, email, and name validation, identify verification - available for batch or real-time processes, in the Cloud or on-premise. Our service bureau provides dedupe, email/phone append and geographic/demographic append services for better targeting and insight. For direct mailers, Melissa Data offers easy-to-use address management/postal software, list hygiene services and 100s of specialty mailing lists - all with competitive pricing and excellent customer service. Find out more here » DMN's Career Center Check out hundreds of exciting professional opportunities available on DMN's Career Center.   Explore careers in digital marketing, sales, eCommerce, marketing communications, IT, data strategies, and much more. And don't forget to update your resume so employers can contact you privately about job opportunities. >>Click Here More in Marketing Strategy Marketers: Basics Come Before A.I. Navigating the funnel is tortuous enough. Robots may not be the answer at this time. Yes, Marketing Will Survive The audience for traditional marketing messages will persist, and will remain valuable Will Marketing Survive the Future? What's the point of marketing when the tech decides for you? Back to Top Insight on profitable data-driven marketing strategies. Connect with us: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Newsletters RSS Feeds Coverage Features Topics DMNotes Case Studies Resources Advertise Social Events Directory Lists Editorial Calendar User Center Register Jobs About us Ad Choices Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
