Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €15.75 Price Target Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €167.00 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts KeyCorp Equities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Wingstop Inc. (WING) Express, Inc. (EXPR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Quartix Holdings PLC (QTX) Insider Buys £49,875 in Stock Insider Selling: Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Insider Sells £384,357.75 in Stock Simon Litherland Buys 22 Shares of Britvic Plc (BVIC) Stock Vetr Inc. Upgrades Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) to “Strong-Buy” Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Macy's Inc (M) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Insider Selling: Trade Desk Inc (TTD) COO Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Director Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Paul A. Jacobson Sells 20,100 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stock Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) EVP Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Beigene Ltd (BGNE) CEO Sells $4,459,149.09 in Stock Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) has received an average rating of “Hold” from the twenty-three ratings firms that are currently covering the stock. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, thirteen have given a hold recommendation and seven have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year price target among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $90.58. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the company. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and issued a $106.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Saturday, January 28th. Citigroup Inc increased their target price on Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Deutsche Bank AG lowered Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $95.00 to $90.00 in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $99.00 target price on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $95.00 to $85.00 in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 37,835 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,291,645. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Mohamed Samir Abde Abdelfattah sold 1,876 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.25, for a total value of $171,185.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 30,952 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,824,370. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in PG. Evanson Asset Management LLC increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Evanson Asset Management LLC now owns 6,351 shares of the company’s stock worth $570,000 after buying an additional 23 shares in the last quarter. Laurel Grove Capital LLC increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.0% in the third quarter. Laurel Grove Capital LLC now owns 2,525 shares of the company’s stock worth $227,000 after buying an additional 25 shares in the last quarter. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV now owns 6,747 shares of the company’s stock worth $606,000 after buying an additional 25 shares in the last quarter. Mirador Capital Partners LP increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.6% in the second quarter. Mirador Capital Partners LP now owns 4,482 shares of the company’s stock worth $385,000 after buying an additional 27 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Hendley & Co. Inc. increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.4% in the second quarter. Hendley & Co. Inc. now owns 2,976 shares of the company’s stock worth $252,000 after buying an additional 40 shares in the last quarter. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.31% on Monday, reaching $90.22. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,078,960 shares. Procter & Gamble Co has a 1-year low of $79.10 and a 1-year high of $91.89. The stock has a market capitalization of $230.65 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.53 and a beta of 0.64. The company has a 50 day moving average of $88.48 and a 200 day moving average of $86.60. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.04 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 20th were paid a dividend of $0.6695 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.96%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 48.73%. This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/procter-gamble-co-pg-given-consensus-recommendation-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Insider Selling: Trade Desk Inc (TTD) COO Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Director Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Paul A. Jacobson Sells 20,100 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stock Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) EVP Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Beigene Ltd (BGNE) CEO Sells $4,459,149.09 in Stock Sempra Energy (SRE) Director Sells $544,600.00 in Stock Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) CFO Sells $518,873.70 in Stock DA Davidson Begins Coverage on WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Priceline Group (PCLN) Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Buying: Air T, Inc. (AIRT) CEO Purchases 500 Shares of Stock Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Connecticut Wealth Management LLC Has $686,000 Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Connecticut Wealth Management LLC lowered its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 1.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 8,191 shares of the company’s stock after selling 111 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co comprises approximately 0.4% of Connecticut Wealth Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 27th largest position. Connecticut Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $686,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of PG. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 167,926,302 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,218,321,000 after buying an additional 3,029,476 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 41,540,032 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,728,219,000 after buying an additional 105,964 shares in the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 14,964,441 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,343,059,000 after buying an additional 62,847 shares in the last quarter. Legal & General Group Plc increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 2.2% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 13,345,851 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,129,899,000 after buying an additional 282,031 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 7.3% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 10,441,393 shares of the company’s stock valued at $884,084,000 after buying an additional 711,121 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 90.50 on Monday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52 week low of $79.10 and a 52 week high of $91.89. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $88.48 and its 200 day moving average is $86.60. The firm has a market capitalization of $231.36 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.58 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The company earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.04 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th were issued a dividend of $0.6695 per share. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.96%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Co’s payout ratio is 48.73%. “Connecticut Wealth Management LLC Has $686,000 Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/connecticut-wealth-management-llc-has-686000-stake-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. PG has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and cut their target price for the stock from $88.00 to $86.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 target price on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC set a $93.00 target price on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. Citigroup Inc upped their target price on Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Tuesday, November 15th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. Procter & Gamble Co presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $90.70. In other news, insider Mohamed Samir Abde Abdelfattah sold 1,876 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.25, for a total transaction of $171,185.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 30,952 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,824,370. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Marylynn Fergusonmchugh sold 61,208 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.56, for a total transaction of $5,604,204.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) National Planning Corp Sells 3,044 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet National Planning Corp lowered its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 2.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 152,066 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3,044 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co comprises approximately 1.0% of National Planning Corp’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. National Planning Corp’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $13,345,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of PG. American National Bank boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares in the last quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 259.5% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 1,517 shares of the company’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 1,095 shares in the last quarter. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth $149,000. Finally, Diker Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the second quarter worth $205,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 90.50 on Friday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52 week low of $79.10 and a 52 week high of $91.89. The stock has a market cap of $231.36 billion, a PE ratio of 16.58 and a beta of 0.64. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $88.48 and a 200-day moving average price of $86.60. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The firm had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $1.04 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th were issued a dividend of $0.6695 per share. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.96%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Co’s payout ratio is presently 48.73%. This article was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/05/national-planning-corp-sells-3044-shares-of-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Wells Fargo & Co restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, December 1st. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, Vetr cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $87.23 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $90.70. In other news, insider Marc S. Pritchard sold 47,252 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.14, for a total transaction of $4,117,539.28. Following the sale, the insider now owns 151,643 shares in the company, valued at $13,214,171.02. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $1,819,170.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,291,645. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc (ZIOP) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Next » Connecticut Wealth Management LLC Has $485,000 Stake in Chevron Co. (CVX) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to content To Inform is to Influence IO, SC, PD, what's in a name? Menu About Information Operations Holistic Organizers IO, Cyber, SC, PD Community Calendar Name and Shame, Educating the Media Information operations · Information Warfare P&G Just Raised the Stakes on Transparency March 4, 2017 Joel Harding I was just discussing MOE yesterday…   </end editorial The Global Brand Won’t Pay if Transparency Rules Aren’t Followed By: SteelHouse February 2, 2017 This past Monday, the world’s largest consumer goods brand Procter & Gamble told their agencies they won’t pay for any work unless they adhere to strict industry-standard viewability metrics, fraud protection, and third-party verification. If you’re looking for a mic-drop moment in the demand for more transparency, look no further. Up until now, calls for more transparency in advertising have not had much weight behind them. With this move, P&G has taken the unprecedented step of putting their money where their mouth is and are holding their vendors accountable by hitting them where it hurts — in the pocketbook. P&G Chief Brand Officer, Marc Pritchard, summed it up best when he said, “the days of giving digital a pass are over.” Vendors need to shape up, or say goodbye to some very large ad budgets. So what will a more transparent ad industry look like? We’re no strangers to the debate for more transparency, and we see it as the only way forward for the ad industry. Here are the top 3 things we believe can be done to help further the effort to bring more visibility into what can be a nebulous and opaque industry: 1. MORE DATA & PERFORMANCE TRANSPARENCY SteelHouse Chief Product Officer, Marwan Soghaier, recently shared his predictions for 2017 and transparency was front and center. He envisioned an industry with more transparency across the board, from media buying to performance. “Advertisers are going to expect full transparency into things like performance, attribution, and pricing — it will become the industry norm,” he said. It would seem his prediction may be coming true, a bit quicker than even he anticipated. P&G’s Pritchard’s remarks are in the same vein — although his language is more blunt — saying P&G doesn’t “want to waste time and money on a crappy media supply chain.” A major element that Pritchard called out are anti-fraud measures, i.e. processes and tech that can prevent less-than-reputable vendors taking advantage of advertisers’ lack of visibility into how data and performance are measured. SteelHouse has been active in this area for some time now, most recently with the introduction of Verified Visits and the soon-to-be-launched Anti-Bot Ads. Here’s a quick primer on what those are: > Verified Visits gives advertisers complete control over how they score attribution — whether it’s with clicks or a combination of both views and clicks. By controlling how they measure performance, advertisers have complete visibility into how their performance is measured because they’re the ones setting the standards. > Anti-Bot Ads, as the name suggests, are aimed at stopping bots from clicking ads, cutting out the chance of fraud in reporting metrics. Both of these measures are designed to cast a light onto how ads are truly performing, and armed with this insight, marketers can sleep better at night knowing their reporting is true to reality. 2. FREE VIEWABILITY Pritchard also called for the industry to adhere to industry-standard viewability metrics. For those that don’t know, viewability is a standard that dictates whether an ad had a chance to be seen by a real human or not, and is supported by the MRC and IAB. P&G’s insistence on adherence to these standards is good business for advertisers — after all, what good will an ad do if it is never seen? Viewability is important, and the industry adhering to the same viewability standard will help ensure everyone is on the same page when it comes to what makes an ad viewable. We recently announced free viewability, providing advertisers MRC- and IAB-standard viewability metrics for every ad served at no additional charge. Until now, advertisers needed to pay extra to know whether their ad was seen by a real human or not, and thankfully those days are over. In an April 2016 survey of digital advertising professionals conducted by Mixpo, 97% of them listed viewability as a concern. Of that 97%, 29% said it was an extreme concern. With P&G shining a spotlight on viewability, more and more marketers will take notice and that 97% will be turned up to 100%. With that much demand, free viewability should be the norm — the industry must either follow suit, or be left behind. 3. KNOW WHAT YOU’RE REALLY SPENDING “[We don’t] want to waste time and money on a crappy media supply chain.” It bears repeating — spending money on an inefficient, opaque supply chain of media-buying vendors is a waste of time, and hurts efficiency. Digital marketing companies make money by marking up media anywhere between 40% and 60%. For example, when you bid a $3.50 CPM, as little as $1.18 could actually be going toward the media. The rest goes to miscellaneous costs throughout the chain, adding up to a percentage of the spend that is far higher than it should be. This keeps advertisers’ budgets from doing what they are intended to do. To help turn the tide on this practice, we introduced our transparent pricing model to help marketers spend their budgets solely on their media buy. Instead of a hidden margin, advertisers pay a separate, upfront platform CPM. That means in our example scenario above, the entire $3.50 goes directly toward the media buy. By knowing what they’re truly spending, advertisers can better control their budgets, and know their true ROI. With transparent media buys, agencies and advertisers can avoid the uncomfortable “what are you really spending my money on?” conversation, and focus solely on getting the most out of their budgets. A MORE TRANSPARENT 2017 The digital ad industry has been heading toward a transparency tipping point, and with P&G’s announcement we may have finally hit it. The chances are high that other advertisers will follow suit in their demand for more transparency across the media reporting landscape, especially if P&G sees positive results. Thankfully, there is already a push for more transparency in adtech — one that SteelHouse is leading. This year may very well determine who can keep up in a transparent world, and who can’t — and the industry can only benefit. Advertisements Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... Related Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... information operations information warfare Post navigation Previous Post Pro‐Kremlin “Re‐information” Efforts: Structural Relations between the Russian Media and the European Far Right Next Post UA Top 40 Frontline Feline Photoessay Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Blogroll Big-Eye News Compilation What do you do? Commercial IOTA Propaganda and Counter-Terrorism RSS Feeds  RSS - Posts  RSS - Comments Search for: My Tweets How I like my coffee toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/03/06/how… 18 hours ago “Let Slip the Dogs and Cats of War”: How Russia Lost in the Kittycat and Puppydog Media War toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/03/06/let… 19 hours ago Facebook Launches A New Tool That Combats Fake News toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/03/05/fac… https://t.co/W76L2FJesu 1 day ago Someone did this to Stalin bust on Red Square yesterday toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/03/05/som… 1 day ago “Disinformation” wiki recently updated toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/03/05/dis… https://t.co/hqEiePSuxc 1 day ago Follow @joel_harding Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies from WordPress.com and selected partners. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here: Our Cookie Policy %d bloggers like this: %d bloggers like this:
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Apple, Walmart, Nintendo and More 3 minutes ago Array 0 ARF Names New CEO Amid Growing Industry Conflict By Jack Neff - 8 minutes ago Array 0 Mobile World Congress: Advertising in the 4th Industrial Revolution By Tom Goodwin - 15 minutes ago Array 0 Broadcasters Hit New Lows as Clock Winds Down on 2016-17 Season By Anthony Crupi - 38 minutes ago Array 0 On Snapchat, Nudes Can Be Followed by a Word From Our Sponsor By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago Array 0 Broadcasters Hit New Lows as Clock Winds Down on 2016-17 Season By Anthony Crupi - 38 minutes ago 0 Mercedes-Benz's Biggest Content Campaign to Date May Make You Think Really Deeply About Your Life By Ann-Christine Diaz - 3 hours ago 0 Why 5G Will Make Phones the Least Interesting Thing in Mobile By George Slefo - 9 hours ago 0 On Snapchat, Nudes Can Be Followed by a Word From Our Sponsor By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago 0 How Halo Top Is Conquering the Ice Cream Biz -- Without Ads By Jessica Wohl - 9 hours ago 0 Why 5G Will Make Smartphones the Least Interesting Thing in Mobile By George Slefo - 9 hours ago 0 How Halo Top Is Conquering the Ice Cream Biz -- Without Ads By Jessica Wohl - 9 hours ago 0 Your SXSW Survival Guide: Festival Pros on What to Wear, Eat, See and Do - 9 hours ago 0 Are Florals and Block Heels Enough to Reverse Sliding Sales at JC Penney? By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 9 hours ago 0 These Are the Players in 5G -- and Here's How They Can Win By George Slefo - 9 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US ARF Names New CEO Amid Growing Industry Conflict By Jack Neff. Published on March 06, 2017. Most Popular The Advertising Research Foundation has named Scott McDonald, a longtime researcher with Conde Nast and Time Inc., to fill its vacant CEO post as the industry's foremost research organization navigates growing conflicts over measurement and media deals. Scott McDonald, CEO, Advertising Research Foundation Credit: Advertising Research Foundation Mr. McDonald joins the ARF at what he acknowledges is a contentious time. The group's parents – the Association of National Advertisers and 4A's, which came together to establish the ARF in 1936 -- have been fighting for two years now over the issue of how transparent media agencies are in handling marketers' money. And the ARF's work is at the heart of another contentious industry issue – the demand by Procter & Gamble Co. that leading digital platforms such as Google and Facebook have their audience metrics verified by third-party research firms accredited by the Media Rating Council. "I think of the ARF as the Switzerland of the industry," or one of the few neutral places, Mr. McDonald said. Sources of information about media and marketing have become far more varied and complex in recent years, he said. "We've had a crisis of confidence because of that. It's the perfect time for research to be done to make our industry more fact based." To that end, he's considering taking some common pieces of digital video advertising inventory and having multiple third-party vendors analyze them, then analyzing their findings. "You look at how different they may be, and how that may be interpreted," he said, comparing the effort to a similar project the ARF launched last decade to validate work of vendors in neuromarketing. Mr. McDonald, who since 2014 has led media research consultancy Nomos Research, spent more than a decade heading research at Conde Nast, much of that time focused on digital audience metrics. "When it came down to it, it was an easy decision," despite several "great candidates," said Jed Meyer, chair of the ARF board and exec VP-corporate research at Univision Communications, who led the search effort. "It was a unanimous selection because of his experience and work." Gayle Fuguitt, a longtime General Mills researcher, left the ARF CEO post in October after four years, after leading completion of an extensive "How Advertising Works Today" look at how ad spending and practices deliver return on investment. In December, she became head of customer insights and innovation at Foursquare. In this article: Ad Tech Agencies CMO Strategy Digital Video Media Research Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: EPA•Social Media•COLA•Workforce•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Federal Tech Talk Home » Radio Interviews » Federal Tech Talk » A different kind of… A different kind of market research By John Gilroy March 6, 2017 5:18 pm 1 min read Share http://federalnewsradio.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/0307federaltechtalk.mp3 Download audio Our guests today are June Marshall, Founder and CEO & Behrad Mahdi, president of Repperio. They help streamline the market research process. June Marshall & Behrad Mahdi, Repperio When you hear the phrase “market research” you think of Proctor and Gamble testing out different boxes on shelves at the supermarket.  Today’s interview has a focus on a different kind of market research, this helps federal acquisition professionals make sure they are getting competitive bids as well as assisting in federal contractors improving their teaming arrangements. Marshall has been active in the world of business development for decades.  She observes that there was no tool that allowed companies to gain a deeper understanding of the partnering process.  Rather than haphazardly find a company with experience in a specific area, there should be a clearinghouse of information for that company. The result was Repperio. What impact will the Trump administration have on feds? Read the latest in our First 100 Days section. Mahdi brings his background in professional services to the game.  He views the Repperio platform as assisting federal acquisition specialists to do data driven market research as well as providing a dashboard to assist in comprehensive due diligence. Advertisement Topics: Behrad Mahdi Big Data business development Digital Government Federal Tech Talk John Gilroy June Marshall market research Radio Interviews Repperio Technology Leave A Comment Home » Radio Interviews » Federal Tech Talk » A different kind of… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS Tuesdays & Thursdays, 1 p.m. Host John Gilroy Federal Tech Talk looks at the world of high technology in the federal government. Host John Gilroy of The Oakmont Group speaks the language of federal CISOs, CIOs and CTOs, and gets into the specifics for government IT systems integrators. John covers the latest government initiatives and technology news for the federal IT manager and government contractor. Follow John on Twitter @raygilray. Today in History 1902: Permanent U.S. Census Bureau established Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day Boiling snow during winter exercises Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Recommended EPA leaders, advocates urge Trump administration to reconsider cuts to budget and workforce Top Story What does a 10 percent budget cut look like for your agency? Management Army seeks help to guard against fake social media accounts Reporter's Notebook DHS finalizing best practices for notifying victims of major cyber breaches Cybersecurity Congress keeping watchful eye over DoD’s electronic health record roll out Defense THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 06, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6779 -0.0069 1.39% L 2020 25.1021 -0.0247 2.42% L 2030 27.8223 -0.0452 3.47% L 2040 29.8837 -0.0585 3.99% L 2050 17.0998 -0.0389 4.47% G Fund 15.2513 0.0030 0.38% F Fund 17.5012 0.0043 0.94% C Fund 32.8805 -0.1070 5.95% S Fund 42.8320 -0.2707 4.66% I Fund 25.7624 0.0033 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Home Subscribe E-Edition Marketplace Visit Vermont Print Edition Newsstands Subscriptions Delivery Problems Sign up for Email Alerts Advertise Help Help, Deadlines & More About The Ridgefield Press Contact The Ridgefield Press Submissions News Latest News Business Town Government Police & Fire Politics & Elections Schools People Print Archives Submissions Sports Local Sports FCIAC Submissions Obituaries Latest Obituaries Past Obituaries Submit an Obituary Happenings Opinion Editorial Columns History Jim Cameron: Talking Transportation Joe Pisani: DId I Say That? Ridgefield Forum Cartoon Gallery Food Twins Judy & Joy Stir Crazy The Conscious Cook Automotive Real Estate Connecticut Real Estate Vermont Real Estate Classifieds Advertising Information Submit a Classified Ad Special Sections Kid’s World Health & Fitness I Do, I Do Education Arts & Leisure HOME Ridgefield Answerbook Fall Preview Your Health National Association for Female Executives names three Connecticut companies in Top 60 list By The Ridgefield Press on March 6, 2017 in Business, People · 0 Comments Three Connecticut companies and a nonprofit are among the 2017 NAFE Top 60 Companies for Executive Women named by the National Association for Female Executives (NAFE). Connecticut companies honored are Boehringer Ingelheim of Ridgefield, Diageo North America of Norwalk and Hartford-based Aetna. Yale New Haven Hospital was named to the NAFE’s Top 10 Nonprofit Companies for Executive Women. Companies chosen “have advanced women into top executive positions and created cultures where they can advance and thrive,” according to a press release. The NAFE Top 60 Companies are featured in the February/March issue of Working Mother and on workingmother.com/nafe. “The NAFE Top Companies are the leaders in the U.S. that have moved women into top executive positions and created a culture where talented women are nurtured, promoted and thrive,” said Subha V. Barry, vice president and general manager of Working Mother Media. “We are very proud to honor their contribution to the advancement of women in the workplace.” The NAFE Top 10 Companies for Executive Women for 2017 are Abbott, Adecco, Deloitte, Ernst & Young LLP, FleishmanHillard, IBM, Johnson & Johnson, KPMG, L’Oréal USA and Procter & Gamble. The entire list can be found at here. Highlights of the 2017 NAFE Top 60 Companies are: Female representation among CEOs at NAFE Top 60 Companies jumped 4 percentage points in the past year, with representation of women among CEOs outpacing the S&P 500.  Female representation among the top 10% of earners at the NAFE Top Companies increased 2 percentage points to 41%, the highest since 2013.  However, men still received the greatest number of promotions. The largest proportion of women promoted was to the manager level (46% of all promotions), but 61% of the promotions to senior manager and 65% of the promotions to corporate executive were awarded to men.  “NAFE emphasizes women with bottom-line and top-line responsibility — the positions that lead to the corner office — and we’re pleased to report an 8 percent increase in women running billion-dollar divisions at the NAFE Top Companies this year,” said Betty Spence, president of NAFE. “In addition, now nearly a third of these companies have five or more women on the board, with many simply increasing the number of board seats to add a woman.” The National Association for Female Executives is a division of Working Mother Media. The 2017 NAFE Top 60 Companies application includes more than 200 questions on topics including female representation at all levels, but especially the corporate officer and profit-and-loss leadership ranks. The application tracks and examines how many employees have access to programs and policies that promote advancement of women and how many employees take advantage of them, plus how companies train managers to help women advance. To be considered, companies must have minimum of two women on their board of directors as well as at least 1,000 U.S. employees.   The National Association for Female Executives (NAFE), founded in 1972, serves 20,000 members nationwide with networking, tools and solutions to strengthen and grow their careers and businesses. Working Mother magazine publishes the annual NAFE Top Companies and Women of Excellence lists. NAFE.com provides up-to-date information, a community for women in business, and access to member benefits. NAFE is a division of Working Mother Media, owned by Bonnier Corporation. No related posts. Tags: Boehringer Ingelheim Previous Post Sierra Club: CT gas pipelines leaky, and ratepayers bear cost Next Post Barts Tree Service continues support of Playhouse About author The Ridgefield Press Tweet By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement Latest Tweets Tweets by @RidgefieldPress HAN Network News Sites Live.HAN.Network | Bridgeport News | Darien Times Easton Courier | Fairfield Sun | Greenwich Post Lewisboro Ledger | Milford Mirror | Monroe Courier New Canaan Advertiser | Redding Pilot | Ridgefield Press Shelton Herald | Stratford Star | Trumbull Times Weston Forum | Wilton Bulletin E-Edition Subscriptions The Home Monthly Advertise Classifieds Article Reprints Open House Gallery Print Archives Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Ridgefield Answerbook Site Map Site Map Privacy Policy & User Agreement Submissions Contact Us © HAN Network. All rights reserved. The Ridgefield Press, 16 Bailey Avenue, Ridgefield, CT 06877 Designed by WPSHOWER Powered by WordPress
Search Brookings Search About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Search   The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Mr. Trump’s climate decision Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print More Reddit Google Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More Search Menu Trending U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government PlanetPolicy Mr. Trump’s climate decision Todd Stern Monday, March 6, 2017 PlanetPolicy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print More Reddit Google The White House is reportedly struggling over whether to walk away from the landmark 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change. But, especially given its highly consequential impact on United States interests around the world, the decision should be a no-brainer, even from the perspective of a climate skeptic.  Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s confirmation hearing advice that we should stay in the regime and keep a seat at the table is clearly right. First, the U.S. team carefully negotiated the structure of the Paris Agreement so that it is up to each country to nationally determine its own climate program – no one can be forced to take action they’re not comfortable with.  Of course, the Agreement is built to encourage ambition – otherwise, there would be no point – but it does this in a non-intrusive way that allows countries to set their own path.  We advocated this approach because we knew it was crucial both to ensuring support at home and to securing the participation of countries around the world, including key emerging economies like China and India. Get daily updates from Brookings Enter Email Author Todd Stern Visiting Lecturer in Law - Yale Law School Former Special Envoy for Climate Change - U.S. Department of State, 2009-2016 Second, the range of support in our country for the Paris Agreement and for strong, sensible action to contain climate change is deep and wide, a far cry from the old days, 20 years ago, when the flawed Kyoto Protocol was at issue.  For example, the Senate’s leading foreign policy authority, Republican Chairman Bob Corker of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has counseled against withdrawal, recognizing the flexible nature of the Paris accord.  Large and influential swaths of American business, including companies like DuPont, United Technologies, ExxonMobil, General Mills, Hewlett Packard, Nike, Siemens, PG&E, Procter & Gamble, Unilever, and hundreds of others, have made clear their support for the Paris Agreement and climate action.  And institutions from Citibank to Goldman Sachs, Blackrock and Shell Oil, among others, have produced serious research on the actions that need to be taken and can be taken affordably to meet the Paris climate goals. Moreover, there is no logic in withdrawing from Paris even for the dwindling cadre of climate skeptics.  What skeptics assert, after all, is that the very widely accepted conclusion that climate change is real, is happening and is dangerous might be wrong. But even by this counter-factual view of science, facts and evidence, it is still obviously true that the widely-accepted conclusion about climate change and its dangers might well be right. And if it is, and we have elected to ignore it, not even bothering with an insurance policy, what then? We have never before ignored a risk of this magnitude to our well-being, our economy and our national security in any other context.  The Pentagon itself has powerfully articulated the imperative of addressing the climate threat: “The pressures caused by climate change…are threat multipliers that will aggravate stressors abroad such as poverty, environmental degradation, political instability, and social tensions – conditions that can enable terrorist activity and other forms of violence.” Related PlanetPolicy Can President Trump roll back the Obama emissions and fuel efficiency standards for light-duty vehicles? Bob Sussman Friday, February 3, 2017 PlanetPolicy 5 facts you need to know about Lake Mead’s water crisis Alexandria Icenhower and Shawn Dhar Saturday, May 2, 2015 PlanetPolicy 6 years from the BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill: What we’ve learned, and what we shouldn’t misunderstand Charles K. Ebinger Wednesday, April 20, 2016 Finally, walking away from Paris would be an act of reckless disregard for United States standing in the world.  Should the White House take this step, countries around the world will feel betrayed, and will react with a mix of rage and deep disappointment.  The vast majority of them view climate change as a real, even existential threat. They are keenly aware that it took a monumental effort to reach the accord in Paris, where the rules of engagement require the consensus of more than 190 countries with a range of different needs and perspectives.  They know that 23 years after the original Framework Convention on Climate Change was agreed to in Rio, we finally established an ambitious, universal, flexible, nationally determined regime that makes it possible to meet the climate threat. And they will conclude that a U.S. rejection of Paris represents not just a national decision to pull back, but a deeply irresponsible effort to cripple the world’s capacity to contain climate change.  After all, an international regime to tackle climate cannot be effective without the world’s leading power, largest economy, second largest emitter of greenhouse gases, and largest historic emitter. U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Agreement would be taken by other countries as going far beyond the notion that the United States intends to recalibrate elements of its foreign policy, to urge NATO allies to contribute more to their own defense, to review the fairness of various trade arrangements, and so on. It would be taken as something between an incomprehensible punch in the face and the announcement of divorce proceedings. The strong national security team that President Trump has assembled, including not only Secretary Tillerson but also Secretary of Defense Mattis and General McMaster, the National Security Advisor, need to speak up and speak loudly in this internal debate. Their equities – all of our equities – are on the line. Related Books Environment at a Glance By Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD 2014 Climate Change, Trade, and Competitiveness: Is a Collision Inevitable? Edited by Lael Brainard and Isaac Sorkin 2010 Greenhouse Governance Edited by Barry G. Rabe 2010 PlanetPolicy The findings, interpretations and conclusions posted on Brookings.edu are solely those of the authors and not of The Brookings Institution, its officers, staff, board, funders, or organizations with which they may have a relationship. Related Topics Climate Change Executive Branch More PlanetPolicy Recommendations for the next president’s climate agenda David J. Hayes Friday, August 19, 2016 FixGov Will the Clean Power Plan swing the 2016 Presidential Election? Philip A. Wallach Tuesday, August 11, 2015 FixGov Michigan v. EPA: Competing conceptions of deference due to administrative agencies Philip A. Wallach Monday, June 29, 2015 The Brookings Institution Facebook Find us on Facebook Twitter Find us on Twitter YouTube Find us on YouTube Podcast Listen to our Podcast Browse Newsletters Browse Newsletters RSS Subscribe to our RSS Languages Español 中文 عربي About Us Research Programs Find an Expert For Media Careers Contact Terms and Conditions Brookings Privacy Policy Copyright 2017 The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Close Trending U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government Topics Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Today’s News What’s Hot B2B Payments Business Wire Retail Reinvention Opinion: Karen Webster Data & Research PYMNTS index Indexes Trackers Exclusive Series Commanders In Chief Series EMV Day 1: The Experts Weigh In Inside Innovation Sizzle or Fizzle? TSYS Digital Journey Company Spotlight Topic TBD Digital Discussions Sign Up #PYMNTalks (PODCASTS) 2016 PYMNTS.com/Alexa Challenge Events Live Shows MATCHMAKERS Report Store Pay-ology Videos Newsletter Signup Today’s News OPINION Karen Webster Data & Research INDEXES TRACKERS Live Shows EVENTS Pay-ology Data Dive Data Dive: Walmart And Amex Get Tough; Bitcoin Rebounds By Jessica Barnett Posted on March 6, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share Share Email March has arrived, and though the national weather map today indicates that most of the nation is still in the “in like a lion” part of the weather pattern, the early signs of spring are showing. The daffodils are fighting to make it to the surface, the crocuses are up and in some places the grass is starting to even give early indications that it might turn green. And everywhere you look the competition is getting heating up, too. Walmart is trying to win on price — and taking its suppliers along with them (whether said suppliers want to go along for the ride or not) — Amex is fighting to keep its affluent cardholders satisfied and bitcoin’s price is bubbling up — as buyers strive to catch hold of it before it goes mainstream (maybe) with the Winklevoss ETF. Ready to dive in? Walmart Gets Tough On Pricing Though Walmart’s slogan is no longer “Always Low Prices,” it seems they’ve taken a renewed interest in getting their prices well below the competition — as the world’s largest retailer by sales has kicked off a price-comparison test in about 1,200 of its U.S. retail locations. The test ranges across 11 states located in the Midwest and South and is squarely aimed at finding and setting new price points for a range of products it sells under its grocery banners, which post roughly 56 percent of Walmart’s sales. Reportedly Walmart is attempting to closing its pricing gap with rival grocery peddlers (like Kroger) and discounters (like Aldi). And we wonder if that technology comes by way of Jet.com, which was known for its super-duper pricing algorithms. The move is widely expected to put pressure on packaged good suppliers. A meeting in Arkansas with food and consumer products vendors reportedly came with Walmart more or less demanding that suppliers reduce their prices by 15 percent, according to unnamed sources. And these are big firms Walmart is putting the pricing pain on — Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Conagra Brands, Kraft/Heinz and Johnson & Johnson were all part of the meeting. As of yet, none of the involved brands have any official comment to offer. The expectation — according to reports — is that suppliers are going to help Walmart win a head-to-head pricing match-up 80 percent of the time. Walmart spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said the company is “not in a position to share our strategy for competitive reasons.” A pricing punch-out with Aldi and the other hordes of players in U.S. grocery sales could be costly for Walmart. According to Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst, the retailer could be looking at spending as much as $6 billion to regain market share from all of its grocery rivals. Vendors, however, have confirmed that Walmart has told them it intends to maintain margins on average and lose money on some goods as part of its pricing plan and that it will absorb some of the losses so suppliers can adjust to the new pricing demand. One supplier noted that his company’s products had declined in price by as much as 30 percent in some stores over the past few months. “It helped them figure out the sweet spot that drives traffic,” the person said. Walmart also said it wants vendors to make logistics improvements that would help vendors get $1 billion more in sales and that it would work harder on shipping orders in full and on-time, which would trim delivery costs, reduce re-orders and decrease out-of-stock problems. “Walmart is trying to go back to where they were 10 years ago when they were absolutely the low price leader,” a large packaged food supplier told Reuters on condition of anonymity. “We understand they are willing to give up profits to a large extent in some cases, so they can invest in their own brand.” But Walmart isn’t alone in the move to cut prices. Target (in the wake of a punishing earnings report) has announced that it will be throwing as much of $1 billion of its own money into lowering prices for consumers — as it works to drive traffic back to their stores. Amex Plays Rewards Hardball The Chase Sapphire Reserve Card, with its fancy metal instead of plastic body and extremely generous points offering for new sign-ups, got a lot of buzz and attention earlier this year. In fact, the card was made so popular by YouTube unboxing videos that the manufacturer ran out of the metallic stock from which the card was made. And Amex clearly has had enough of Chase turning their affluent customer’s heads — and is now doubling down on how to keep them happier. Happier — and away from its emerging competitors at Chase and Citibank. So the Amex Platinum card is getting a makeover. It will be made of metal and will be a lot more rewarding. New perks include $200 a year in Uber rides, richer credits for spending, access to more airport lounges, special dining and entertainment options, and free use by family members of an American Express Gold card. But as membership has its advantages, it also has its costs. As of Mar. 30, the annual fee for cardholders will increase to $550 a year from $450 a year. American Express’ platinum customers tend to represent superior profit margins and a greater proclivity for more card-based spending — hence the push from Chase and Citibank to snap up that desirable customer set. Amex noted it had been working on changes to the Platinum card long before JP Morgan Chase rolled out the Sapphire Reserve card. “This is a response to listening to our customers,” an Amex official noted. “We are always looking at ways to bring value to our card members.” That it waited to roll out these long-planned upgrades until right after Chase drastically scaled back the sign-on bonus for the Sapphire Reserve card? Probably just a coincidence. Speaking of coincidences, good luck and things logic has a hard time explaining — the price of bitcoin is up again. The Bitcoin Bubble Bounces Back As of the writing of this story, the price of bitcoin was up to $1278.43 — putting its market cap is well over $20 billion and worth more than the world’s former favorite alternative asset — gold (currently worth $1,237 an ounce). The pricing hullabaloo (technical term) comes care of a pending decision by the Securities and Exchange Commission as to whether or not a bitcoin exchange–traded fund is in the world’s future. Yes, bitcoin, the official currency of the digital wild west, is trying to come to the capital markets, and the price surge seems to be based on the notion that a bitcoin-based ETF may work to tone down some of bitcoin’s more unpredictable tendencies. Unless, of course, it does the exact opposite. More on that in a second. “If approved, this would certainly give a dramatic condoning of bitcoin by the authorities and powers that be,” digital currency analytics firm Cryptocompare CEO Charles Hayter told Reuters. “Perhaps key would be the institutional money which would flow into bitcoin. This would bring a certain amount of stability eventually, but it could see short-term exuberance by retail traders.” Not everyone is so optimistic. Some are worried, for instance, about security risks surrounding a bitcoin-based ETF since hundreds of millions of dollars worth of bitcoin periodically go missing at the hands of hackers. (Remember Mt. Gox?) Others are pretty sure bitcoin just isn’t the right type of substance for an ETF. “Bitcoin is not a stock, it’s not a bond, it’s not a hard asset like precious metal, it’s not a commodity future. It’s a technology that’s very much in its infancy, and it’s not something that in my mind lends itself to being packaged as an ETF,” notes Ben Johnson, director of global ETF and passive strategies research at Morningstar Inc. Some are worried that it will just make bitcoin more prone to booms and busts that it already is. Bitcoin entrepreneur Vinny Lingham, for one, recently warned in a blog post that additional quick rises in bitcoin’s value will likely create another boom/bust cycle in the bitcoin ecosystem. A bubble that won’t hesitate to burst, if given the chance by, say, having the price peak over $3,000 too quickly. “Bitcoin is both scarce and valuable, which will lead to the price continuing to increase over time,” Lingham wrote. “But if that happens too quickly, we will enter another boom/bust cycle …. If it [bitcoin’s value] goes into the $3,000+ territory due to mania/short squeezes/media hype/FOMO and other triggers, then alarm bells will go off for me, and we’ll start approaching bubble territory.” The SEC has until Mar. 11 to decide the fate of the Winklevoss twins’ Bitcoin Trust, one of three proposed ETFs that could track the value of bitcoin. Whatever it decides will have little to do with bitcoin’s future as a global currency — as that fate has been decided a while ago (it’s dead). Sorry, Reddit fans. So what did we learn this week? Price talks. Rewards matter. Bitcoin doesn’t (much). Related Items:American Express, AmEx, bitcoin, Data Dive, featured article, Rewards, Target, walmart, Winklevoss Share Tweet Share Share Share Email Recommended for you Federal Reserve Warns On Digital Currency For Credit Cards, Cancelling The Need To Cancel Bitcoin Tracker: Blowing Bubbles Get our hottest stories delivered to your inbox. Signup for the PYMNTS.com Newsletter to get updates on top stories and viral hits. email: Click to comment Post navigation Why Credit Unions Are Stealing The Banking Spotlight Anheuser-Bush’s Brazil Subsidiary Sees Decline in Q4 Beer Sales TRENDING RIGHT NOW 5.3K Retail Legal Cannabis Cuts Into Beer Revenue 4.0K Blockchain Blockchain Tracker: The Likelihood of Blockchain Technology Becoming Commercial 3.6K Mobile Bridging The Divide: How To Bring Consumers And Merchants Together On Mobile Payments 2.8K Payment Methods LendUp Closes $100M Credit Facility From Victory Park Capital 2.5K Security & Fraud Ransomware Hits Pennsylvania Senate Democrats 2.5K Security & Fraud Amazon Blames Incorrect Command For Outage Last Week 2.3K Retail Fitness Tech Startup Zenrez In $6M Series A 2.0K Security & Fraud Hacker Tracker: Cybercriminals Take The Phishing Path To Steal Money 2.0K B2B Payments Crossborder Compliance on Taxes, Without Taxing Effort 2.0K Innovation Facebook To Offer Suggestions For Local Events Via City Guides 1.9K News Password Security: An End of an Error. 1.9K Mobile What You Didn’t Know You Didn’t Know About Millennials 1.9K Retail Uber Applying For A Self-Driving Car Testing Permit In California 1.8K B2B Payments Ex-Infosys CFO Launches SME Lender 1.8K B2B Payments Banks And APIs: Tough Questions, New Answers What's next in payments and commerce Newsletter Signup About Terms & Conditions Contact © 2017 What’s Next Media and Data Analytics, LLC To Top
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Motors Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion LIB DEM LOTHARIO Who is Lembit Opik? Former Lib Dem MP who dated Cheeky Girl Gabriela Irimia and rumoured Celebrity Big Brother housemate The parliamentary romancer has had a unusual life from high profile relationships, near fatal paragliding accidents and even a short stand-up career By Guy Birchall 7th March 2017, 9:00 am Updated: 7th March 2017, 9:16 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments LEMBIT Opik was a Liberal Democrat MP for 13 years who frequently hit the headlines for his high profile love life. The former leader of the Welsh section of the party appeared on several TV programmes of both a political and entertainment nature and is rumoured to appear on Celebrity Big Brother in order to reunite with former ex-fiancee and cheeky girl, Gabriela Irima in order to sort out “unfinished business”. PA:Press Association 5 Former Lib Dem MP Lembit Opik has been just as famous for his romances as his politics How old is Lembit Opik? What’s his background? Lembit Opik was born in Bangor, Co Down, Northern Ireland on March 2 1965. His parents had fled their native Estonia after it was occupied by the USSR under Joseph Stalin. He has an older sister named Urve and hand a younger brother, Endel, who died in 2005. His grandfather was a respected astronomer and astrophysicist who spent the second half of his career at the Armagh Observatory and has an asteroid named after him as well as a crater on Mars’ moon Phobos. Lembit would go on attend the University of Bristol before beginning a career at consumer goods company Procter and Gamble in Newcastle upon Tyne. Rex Features 5 The former MP for Montgomeryshire spent 13 years in Parliament from 1997 to 2010 When did Lembit Opik get into politics? During his time in Newcastle, Opik was elected onto the Liberal Democrats’ Federal executive committee. He was elected as a councillor in the city in 1992 and in the same year unsuccessfully stood in the general election for the Newcastle upon Tyne Central constituency. Two years later he would also fail to get elected as a Lib Dem MEP for Northumbria in the European Parliament elections. In 1997 he finally won the seat of Montogomeryshire in Wales after the sitting Lib Dem MP retired. How long was Opik’s his parliamentary career? Opik held the seat from 1997 to  2010, when he was ousted by Tory Glyn Davies. During his time in parliament he served as the Lib Dem spokesman on education, Northern Ireland, Wales, business and housing. Times Newspapers Ltd 5 His first high profile relationship was with ITV weathergirl Sian Lloyd but the pair split in 2006 From 2001-2005 he was a member of he agriculture select committee and was also leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats from 2001-2007. He twice unsuccessfully stood for the party presidency in 2004 and 2008. What has happened in Opik’s life outside politics? Outside Westminster, Opik has been the focus of much media attention for two high profile romances. The first was with ITV weathergirl Sian Lloyd with whom he appeared on a celebrity version of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire in April 2006. But the couple later split in October that year with Lloyd blasting the then MP in her autobiography. She claimed Opik’s boozing and womanising were two things that destroyed their relationship blasting his “rowdy drunken behaviour” and claiming they would down two bottles of wine in a night. PA:Press Association 5 He would later start stepping out with Cheeky Girl Gabriela Irimia who was just 24 when they started dating He later struck up a romance with Gabriela Irimia, one half of pop double act The Cheeky Girls, who was then just 24-years-old. The announced their engagement after Opik popped the question on a Roman holiday, but the couple separated in July 2008 following what was described as a “difficult period”. Other TV shows he has appeared on include a celebrity version of The Apprentice, Celebrity Come Dine With Me, I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here and Celebrity Juice. Getty Images 5 The pair would eventually split in 2008 after publicly announcing their engagement What is Opik doing now? Opik is currently the campaigns and communications director for the Motorcycle Action Group, a position he has held since November 2013. He also has a fledgling career as a stand-up comedian as well as holding a pilot’s licence. Last year he had surgery to realign his jaw which suffered substantial damage in 1998 following a paragliding accident. He plunged 80 feet to the ground in north Wales in a near fatal collision in which he broke his back in 12 places, his ribs and sternum as well as his jaw. Opik also hosts a regular Friday discussion programme on BBC Radio Kent. Lembit Opik talking about his reverse face lift surgery MOST READ IN NEWS 'MUMMY, WE'RE GOING TO DIE!' Moment gunman opens fire at car with mum and her two kids inside in horrific daylight drive-by shooting SUNNIN' ON CROC OF THE BAY Hundreds of alligators gather at Florida watering hole for sunbathing session ENTER THE DRAGON Komodo National Park is 37 years old today, so what exactly are the vicious dragons that live there? FOOD FIGHT! Astonishing moment all hell breaks loose as Tesco shoppers scramble to get their hands on cut-price veg BRITAIN'S POT TALENT Chubby son dancer from BGT finalists Stavros Flatley arrested over 'cannabis factory' 'I'VE NEVER SMELT ANYTHING LIKE IT' Mum's shock as horrific smell coming from her little girl was massive piece of sponge that had been jammed up her nose for two WEEKS   The Sun Topics Explainers Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular 'Bullying is just endless' Mum horrified when daughter tells her about Snapchat bully game but is left proud by her response Living SHEER DELIGHT Eagle-eyed This Morning fans notice Holly Willoughby accidentally flashing her underwear beneath blue top TV & Showbiz 'has she had the baby?' Cheryl fans wonder whether star has already given birth as she shows off slim frame TV & Showbiz Exclusive horrific week of sexual torture Woman, 28, recalls ‘week of hell’ when abusive boyfriend injected her with… Living Exclusive SAD DAY Jeremy McConnell prepares to bid an emotional farewell to his dad as he flies to Ireland for funeral TV & Showbiz Exclusive TATT'S GRIM Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie inks a huge portrait of HIS FACE on to Holly Hagan's back on Just Tattoo Of Us -… TV & Showbiz Exclusive smash hit's telly return ITV bosses lining up Dancing On Ice for shock comeback in 2017 after three years away TV & Showbiz 'MUMMY, WE'RE GOING TO DIE!' Moment gunman opens fire at car with mum and her two kids inside in horrific daylight drive-by… News SUNNIN' ON CROC OF THE BAY Hundreds of alligators gather at Florida watering hole for sunbathing session News ENTER THE DRAGON Komodo National Park is 37 years old today, so what exactly are the vicious dragons that live there? News Exclusive FAMILY TRAGEDY Jeremy McConnell left heartbroken after his dad dies following short battle with cancer TV & Showbiz Exclusive lou want some! Shocking photos show airport brawl which led to Louis Tomlinson's arrest 'for punching photographer' TV & Showbiz Spoiler MARNIE'S SEX FILES Marnie Simpson's DISGUSTING confession about sex with ex-boyfriend Lewis Bloor TV & Showbiz FOOD FIGHT! Astonishing moment all hell breaks loose as Tesco shoppers scramble to get their hands on cut-price veg News 'I found some naughty stuff' Young woman's lost purse returned by a Good Samaritan... but it's accompanied by the 'creepiest… Living Just Published GET TO KNOW Meet Giovanna Fletcher‬... Author, YouTube vlogger and wife of McFly star Tom Living 'PLEASE MAKE IT STOP!' The Nightly Show panned AGAIN by viewers as presenter John Bishop performs in drag after promising… TV & Showbiz What would Taylor say? Ed Sheeran cosies up to BFF Taylor Swift's ex Tom Hiddleston after secret SiriusXM gig TV & Showbiz ‘I WANT MY KIDS TO HAVE THE SAME DAD’ Stephanie Davis wants more children with Jeremy McConnell following the birth of… TV & Showbiz Live Blog Baying for blood Arsenal vs Bayern Munich live: Gunners' Europe hopes hang in balance as they look to overturn four-goal… Football MARCH PACKS A PUNCH Marvel's Iron Fist and Selena Gomez's 13 Reasons Why - what to expect from Netflix in March TV & Showbiz BADDIE DAY CARE Shocking moment nursery worker pushes girl, 4, down a flight of stairs as CCTV installed just MINUTES… News DIANA'S CONFIDANTE Who is Paul Burrell? Princess Diana's "rock" who has come out as gay - all you need to know News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Richard L. Wang Named Chief Executive Officer of Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a Joint Venture to Lead Development of Axicabtagene Ciloleucel and Other Engineered T-Cell Therapies for Treatment of Cancers in China By Published: Mar 5, 2017 4:00 p.m. ET Share SANTA MONICA, Calif., Mar 05, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Kite Pharma, Inc., KITE, +1.89% today announced that Richard L. Wang, Ph.D. will be appointed Chief Executive Officer of Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd, the company’s 50/50 owned joint venture in China with Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. (600196.SH,02196.HK).The companies announced the formation of the joint venture in early 2017 to develop, manufacture and commercialize autologous T-cell therapies to treat cancer in China, including Kite’s lead cell therapy product candidate, axicabtagene ciloleucel. Final registration of the joint venture is ongoing. “We are on the cusp of significant change with CAR-T therapy as a treatment for serious blood cancers,” said Arie Belldegrun, M.D., FACS, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Kite. “This type of revolutionary change requires deft management, a deep understanding of country-specific requirements, and the ability to unite the strengths of partners, collaborators and the local medical community. Together with Fosun Pharma, we believe Dr. Wang has the unique experience essential for the success of Fosun Kite Biotechnology, CAR-T therapy and axicabtagene ciloleucel in China.” Dr. Wang has extensive experience in the biopharmaceutical industry including US and China based leadership roles at Procter & Gamble, Bristol-Myers Squibb, AstraZeneca and GlaxoSmithKline. He most recently served as Chief Operating Officer of Cellular Biomedicine Group, a U.S. listed clinical-stage immuno-oncology and cell therapy company with operations in China. Previously, Dr. Wang was Senior Site Leader and Head of Operations for GlaxoSmithKline research and development in Shanghai. He obtained a B.S. degree in Cell Biology from the University of Science & Technology of China, a Ph.D. degree in Molecular Biology from the University of Maryland, Baltimore, and a M.B.A. degree from Xavier University in Cincinnati. Under Dr. Wang’s leadership, the joint venture will establish business operations in Shanghai and build a senior leadership team to oversee technical operations and clinical development activities. About Kite Kite is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies with a goal of providing rapid, long-term durable response and eliminating the burden of chronic care. The company is focused on chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) and T cell receptor (TCR) engineered cell therapies designed to empower the immune system's ability to recognize and kill tumors. Kite is based in Santa Monica, CA. For more information on Kite, please visit www.kitepharma.com. Sign up to follow @KitePharma on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kitepharma. Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The press release may, in some cases, use terms such as "predicts," "believes," "potential," "proposed," "continue," "estimates," "anticipates," "expects," "plans," "intends," "may," "could," "might," "will," "should" or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding intentions, beliefs, projections, outlook, analyses or current expectations concerning, among other things: the ability to complete the joint venture registration, the ability of CAR-T therapy to invoke significant change in the treatment for serious blood cancers, and the success of Fosun Kite Biotechnology, CAR-T therapy and axicabtagene ciloleucel in China. Various factors may cause differences between Kite's expectations and actual results as discussed in greater detail in Kite's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation in its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Any forward-looking statements that are made in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. Kite assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this press release. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170305005028/en/ SOURCE: Kite Pharma, Inc. Kite Pharma Christine Cassiano SVP, Corporate Communications & Investor Relations ccassiano@kitepharma.com or Greg Mann VP, Investor Relations gmann@kitepharma.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References KITE +1.37 +1.89% Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles This is the future of air travel, says KLM's CEO MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Kite Pharma Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: KITE $73.90 +1.37 (+1.89%) Volume 2.1M Open $74.18 High $75.87 Low $72.76 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.6B
Emtech IndiaAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Mon, Mar 06 2017. 05 04 AM IST So what’s really changed for consumers, post demonetisation? Cash usage fell in the early days of demonetisation due to note shortage, but as RBI’s presses cranked up, customers picked up their habits where they left them Subscribe to our newsletter. Sapna Agarwal The liquidity squeeze after demonetisation forced many people to report to digital payments, but RBI data shows people have not really embraced the new channels. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint Mumbai: Nearly four months after the crackdown on cash, the paper bills have bounced back. At Purushottam supermarket in Maharashtra’s Latur, cash transactions are back to previous levels. Cash usage fell in the early days of demonetisation amid a crippling currency shortage, admits its owner Ravindra Agarwal, but as the currency presses cranked up, customers picked up their habits where they left them.   “Customers prefer to pay cash for bills of Rs2,000-3,000,” says Agarwal, whose store accepts mobile, credit and debit card payments. Cash usage, which was close to 60-65% before demonetisation crashed in the first few weeks of cash shortage, before climbing back to the same level, says Agarwal. He also notes—like other shop owners—that customers are making fewer discretionary purchases. Five-hundred kilometre to the west, at India’s largest wholesale market in Mumbai’s Masjid Bunder, the story is the same. However, the cash preference here is from the trader’s end. “We started accepting Paytm wallets after the note ban, but have now stopped using it,” says Ravi Sangoi, 52, who has been running Bharat Bazaar mini wholesale and general store for 30 years. His reason: Paytm wallet transactions are free, but there is a 2% fee when the merchant transfers the wallet balance to his bank account. And shopkeepers want to avoid this. Like others Mint spoke to, Sangoi adds that sales remain depressed. “Consumers are not indulging. They buy as per need. Earlier, when a consumer entered the store, he didn’t hesitate to try something new, or an expensive soap or deodorant. Now he sticks to the bare minimum,” says Sangoi. Also read | Sectors which have been affected the most by demonetisation At Agarwal Enterprises, a large distributor of food flavours in the same market, owner Pawan Agarwal is more bitter: “Demonetisation was done the wrong way,” says Agarwal, who caters to makers of biscuits, ice creams and confectionaries. “The method and implementation were wrong. Also, the outcome was not achieved. There were no benefits. Smaller companies with local setup of one or two machines were unable to make a daily living following demonetisation.” The hit  In the December quarter, aggregate net sales of eight consumer goods companies across lifestyle, gems and jewellery, and value retail fell 2.9% from a year ago. In the same quarter, aggregate net profit of Shoppers Stop Ltd, Trent Ltd, Titan Co. Ltd, Gitanjali Gems Ltd, CESC Ltd that runs the Spencer’s retail chains, Bajaj Electricals Ltd, Videocon Industries Ltd and Bata India Ltd stood at Rs79.26 crore, down 84.1% from a year ago.  Consumer packaged goods makers were not spared either. Aggregate net profit for nine consumer staple companies fell 1.4%, while aggregate net sales grew marginally at 0.54%. The nine companies included Colgate-Palmolive (India) Ltd, Dabur India Ltd, Emami Ltd, Godrej Consumer Products Ltd, Hindustan Unilever Ltd, Marico Ltd, Nestlé India Ltd, Procter and Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Ltd, and Jyothy Laboratories Ltd. Clearly, consumers are not loosening their purse strings.  “People have cut back on their spends on electronics, apparel and household items. They are not indulging right now,” says Arvind Mediratta, managing director (MD) and chief executive officer (CEO) of organized wholesaler Metro Cash and Carry India Pvt. Ltd. The impact is worse in rural areas with a patchy banking coverage. “Two-wheeler sales are a good indicator of rural economy and they are yet to pick up,” says Mohan Ghatge, chairman and MD of Kolhapur-based Ghatge Patil Transports Ltd. He expects another six-eight months for the rural markets to pick up. “People in rural India are still not comfortable dealing with non-cash payment methods and also, the banking and formal sector has still not reached the last mile,” says Ghatge, a dealer for Hyundai Motor India Ltd, Daimler India Commercial Vehicles Pvt. Ltd and Mercedes-Benz India Pvt. Ltd.  Impact on SMEs “Demonetisation impacted consumers’ purchasing power,” says Sunil Kumar Sinha, principal economist and director at India Ratings and Research Pvt. Ltd. As bankers tackled demonetisation-related issues in the first two months, other banking operations stalled and some small and medium enterprises (SMEs) dependent on banking credit lines closed down in this period, says Sinha. The fallout, says Sinha is grave. As capacities remain underutilized, private sector investments have dried up. In December, India’s industrial production contracted by 0.4% on the back of demonetisation of high-value currencies. Capital goods, which is a proxy for investment demand in the economy, contracted 3% in December. The liquidity squeeze after the note ban forced many people to go digital. However, data from the Reserve Bank of India shows people have not really embraced the new channels. In fact, with cash taken away, they reined in spends.  Also read | Why a note in the hand is worth two in the account “You can’t force people to go cashless,” says Sinha. “You have to educate them and make them aware of the benefits. In the past too, the government assumed people would use toilets if it just built them under the Swachh Bharat programme. However, people continued to defecate in the open, forcing it to change its narrative to encourage people to use toilets.”  Parveen Dalal, head-sales (India business) and business (Saarc) at Godrej Consumer Products, says, “Demonetisation can’t work by itself but along with steps like the limit on cash transaction at Rs3 lakh and goods and services tax (GST), the evasion of taxes will reduce.” However, he says he is yet to see a significant shift in the way the trade works. India’s traditional trade accounts for 92% of the Rs2.6-trillion packaged goods industry and of this, nearly 40% is wholesale, which mostly transacts in cash at the lower level of the supply chain Amitabh Mall, partner and director at the Boston Consulting Group, India, points out, “There is a need for businesses to reinvent the traditional wholesale channel. This will require investments in training, hiring more people on distributors roles, and increasing the visits to B-class and C-class outlets.” In traditional supply chains, manufacturers appoint distributors who directly service retailers, apart from wholesalers who service retailers. However, wholesalers usually service smaller retailers not serviced by the large distributors or work in remote corners where the company-appointed distributor does not reach.  India’s traditional trade accounts for 92% of the Rs2.6-trillion packaged goods industry and of this, nearly 40% is wholesale, which mostly transacts in cash at the lower level of the supply chain. According to Mall, wholesalers operating on cash work on thin margins and their businesses could become unviable if they have to pay taxes or charges for use of digital payments.  Even in the Rs3.75 trillion apparel industry, the organized sector accounts for 35% of the overall trade. Here too, sales in the wholesale channel and smaller towns were more severely impacted than in urban India, Aditya Birla Fashion Retail Ltd, which owns brands like Van Heusen, Louis Philippe, Peter England and Allen Solly, said in a presentation on 3 February following its earnings announcement. Sales have recovered to about 90% of normal levels by end- December, said the company. ALSO READ | Are consumer goods firms prepared for GST regime? However, not all brand retailers have managed as well. “The recovery will depend on the individual strength of the brand. Some could be more impacted than others,” says Rahul Mehta, president of the Clothing Manufacturers Association of India, adding that in the long term, a lot of micro- level companies which were not a part of the official economy will have to shift to the official economy to survive. “The government’s demonetisation move had a pronounced impact on the unorganized retail sector,” says Rajat Wahi, partner and head (consumer markets) at KPMG India, as it is significantly cash-driven. However, even organized retailers in high-value items including luxury items and consumer durables witnessed contraction in revenues in the December quarter as they had a high dependency on cash. “Cash transactions in the luxury sector before demonetisation accounted for 60-70% of the total value,” says Wahi, adding that this is now changing as the consumers are using non-cash payment channels. Modern trade gains The unexpected beneficiaries though are the organized retailers, organized wholesale cash and carry, and even online marketplaces like Amazon and Flipkart. “This important step of demonetisation by the government together with introduction of GST in 2017 will be an inflexion point for the growth of modern retail and wholesale in the country,” says Krish Iyer, president and CEO of Walmart India, who feels that his company is well placed for growth for the next few years. “Modern trade is growing at a very fast rate for us at over 100%,” says Rodrigo Lima, MD at Danone India, who expects the channel’s contribution to grow from 10% of its overall sales to be close to 20% within a year. The modern trade channel made up for the slowdown in general trade and wholesale to some extent, says K.K. Chutani, executive director (consumer care business) at Dabur India. However, it is to be seen whether this is a temporary blip. “Demonetisation has led to a surge in the modern trade channels. But will this last,” wonders CEO of Jyothy Laboratories S. Raghunandan, who feels India’s traditional wholesalers are far more flexible, offer credit and doorstep delivery and order taking, and will be able to adapt to the changing environment to survive. Sapna Agarwal Topics: demonetisaton consumer goods FMCG sector demonetisation impact sales growth More From Livemint READ MORE Traders, confident of BJP win in Uttar Pradesh elections, shun hedges Panama papers case: SC asks Centre to file 6 reports of Multi-Agency Group India may mandate use of local steel for $59 billion infrastructure spend First Published: Mon, Mar 06 2017. 01 38 AM IST Editor's Picks Using Economic Survey 2016-17 to gauge demonetisation impact on GDP growth Traders, confident of BJP win in Uttar Pradesh elections, shun hedges Donald Trump’s new travel order applies to those seeking new US visas Latest News Panama papers case: SC asks Centre to file 6 reports of Multi-Agency Group India may mandate use of local steel for $59 billion infrastructure spend H1-B visa row: Concerns conveyed to US at a senior level, says Ravi Shankar Prasad United Breweries files appeal against winding-up order Music Broadcast IPO oversubscribed on second day Mint On Sunday Dance Dance Goa Revolution The rediscovery of kasundi First, we need to ask ‘Why’ Of India’s military exploits abroad Letter from... a scanning machine TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Turner CEO: Ad money is coming back to TV that was previously redirected to digital Lara O'Reilly and James Cook Mar. 5, 2017, 9:11 AM 3,175 facebook linkedin twitter email print Turner CEO John Martin.Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images Digital ad spending in the US was forecast to overtake spend on television commercials last year, but the CEO of Turner — which owns CNN, TBS, Cartoon Network, and Adult Swim — says TV is actually experiencing a resurgence. Speaking to Business Insider at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona earlier this week John Martin explained that advertisers are switching some of their digital budgets back to TV because they feel it offers a better measureable return on investment. He said: "I don't want to make any bold predictions again, but we are starting to see money come back into TV that was previously being redirected into digital because ... [of] the efficacy of television."  Martin said TV companies have more data available to be able to offer advertisers audience guarantees, deliver specific types of audiences, and measure back how their commercials performed. "If you think about it, that's really the best of all worlds because we're trying to take what has made digital unique and bring it into the immersive television experience," Martin said. "If we can continue to successfully do that, I think we're going to be great." Martin said TV has been reaping the rewards after "some of the digital companies" that had problems with their metrics — likely referring to the high-profile measurement mistakes made last year by Facebook and Twitter. "Some of the digital companies you have seen have had problems with metrics and KPIs, so there's a little bit of suspicion around exactly if the marketers are getting what they thought they were getting when they paid for it," Martin added. Indeed, in a speech at an Association of National Advertisers event in Florida earlier this week, Marc Pritchard, the chief marketer at P&G — the world's largest advertiser — heaped pressure on digital platforms like Google and Facebook to work harder to get their ad metrics verified and audited. Martin predicts the upfronts will be 'solid' this year Every year, the TV industry throws a huge dog and pony show called the upfronts. Each network gets all their biggest talent and executives on stage to present to an audience of ad buyers about why they should commit an "upfront" level of spend for the following season.  For TV networks, the advantage of the upfront is to create a short window to lock in their ad sales. Ad buyers are meant to get a discount for buying in bulk and the guarantee that their clients' ads will appear next to all the best programming. The TV networks get some clarity about their projected revenues for the year. (L-R) Charles Barkley of Turner Sports’ Inside the NBA on TNT; Chairman and CEO of Turner John Martin, Robin Meade of HLN’s Morning Express, President of Turner Ad Sales Donna Speciale, Anthony Bourdain of CNN's Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown, President of Turner David Levy, President of CNN Worldwide Jeff Zucker, President & GM of Cartoon Network, Adult Swim & Boomerang Christina Miller, President of Turner Classic Movies & Turner Content Distribution Coleman Breland, Billy Eichner of truTV’s Billy on the Street, President of Turner Sports Lenny Daniels, President of truTV Chris Linn, and President of TBS & TNT, Chief Creative Officer of Turner Kevin Reilly attend the Turner Upfront 2016 arrivals at The Theater at Madison Square Garden on May 18, 2016 in New York City.Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images TV ad buying has worked in this way since '60s. But last year, as Variety reported, the upfront was slower than expected as deals stalled over pricing. Uncertainty about the economy also led some advertisers to hold back on making upfront commitments. Instead they bought in the "scatter" market, nearer to the time the ads actually aired. Broadcasters can charge premium rates for their ads in the scatter market, but it also leaves them with more uncertainty over whether they can meet their sales targets compared to securing upfront spend. Martin said: "One thing that was for certain last year is the money that was held out and held on the sidelines — people paid huge premiums in the scatter market. So that's the decision that people are going to have to make again: Do they think the economy in the US is going to be strong enough that scatter will be strong and whether they are going to make upfront commitments or not." He continued: "There's more inventory available than ever before, so there's more opportunities for advertisers to hold back. But ultimately I think the money showed up. I mean, our organic US ad revenue last year was pretty good, pretty strong against the headwinds of some of the ratings challenges that we and other networks are having ... so we'll see. I think the upfront will be solid, but it's a little early to predict." Turner grew revenue by 7% year-on-year to $11.4 billion in 2016. The company, which is owned by Time Warner, said it benefited from a 12% increase in subscription revenue and a 3% lift in ad revenue, which was boosted by its news and sports businesses. Read the first part of our Mobile World Congress interview with Turner CEO John Martin, where he spoke about Trump's criticism of CNN, VR, and why he's not interested in Twitter live video here. SEE ALSO: Turner CEO on Trump's CNN criticism: 'It flies by' NOW WATCH: Terry Crews explains how intermittent fasting keeps him in shape Loading video... More: Turner John Martin Mobile World Congress 2017 MWC 2017 TV Upfronts facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Turner CEO: Ad money is coming back to TV that was previously redirected to digital Turner CEO: Ad money is coming back to TV that was previously redirected to digital Digital ad spending in the US was forecast to... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Advertising Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
getsurreyLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Surrey News Property News Business Health Nostalgia Crime Politics Education Motors UK & World NewsExpand What's on Latest What's on Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Film & TV Food & Drink Music & NightlifeExpand Sport Football Crime Health Nostalgia In Your Area Guildford Woking Camberley Staines See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo Contact Us About Us Advertise with Us Competition Rules Goal Time Terms & Conditions How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Southern Home Lifestyle Fun Stuff Egham Lifestyle 8 reasons Egham is a great place to live After claims by a Reading councillor that Egham is "a very boring place to live", we've come up with some reasons to the contrary  Share  Comments ByCharlotte TalbotCharlotte Tobitt 14:00, 5 MAR 2017 Lifestyle Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Residents have been reacting to claims by a Reading councillor stating the town was "a very boring place to live". The comments came in a planning committee meeting in February while borough councillors were discussing the move of 250 Procter & Gamble (P&G) workers from Egham to Whitley. Unconvinced by the claims, we've put together a list of reasons why we think Egham is actually pretty great.... Read More Egham 'a very boring place to live' claims councillor at Procter & Gamble planning meeting 1. Magna Carta It was in Egham - or Runnymede to be precise- where the Magna Carta was sealed by King John on June 15, 1215. For goodness sake, how anywhere with such close links to the cornerstone of modern democracy and freedom can be described as boring is beyond us! (Photo: Professional Images / Simon Jacobs) We even had a visit from the Queen and Prince William, plus more members of the Royal family and the Prime Minister, in 2015 for the 800th anniversary celebrations of the Magna Carta - a pretty cool claim to fame. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next 2. New leisure centre The town is soon to get its very own swimming pool. Runnymede Borough Council is holding a consultation on the plans for the facility - which will also include a health spa and outdoor synthetic turf pitches - ahead of submitting a planning application . If they do it right, you could basically spend a whole weekend in a leisure centre like that and not get bored. Egham Leisure Centre (Photo: Darren Pepe) 3. Egham Museum Egham Museum, situated in the High Street, is a treasure trove of historical and archaeological items from the area as well as ever changing exhibitions. Fascinating! Egham Museum 4. Egham Royal Show Held every August Bank Holiday in Mrs Caddy's Field. It's got vintage car parades, livestock, and live music. Hell, it's even got a dog show with categories including "dog looking most like owner"! See the video at the top of the article for a glimpse at the 2016 show. The photos below are from 2015. Royal Egham Show View gallery 5. It has a Waitrose.. After the news of the forthcoming loss of the supermarket from Staines town centre, (which is due to close in the autumn , with Waitrose citing "commercial reasons" for the decision), the Egham store will be the only one in north Surrey - until the planned supermarket in Addlestone opens that is. The store didn't fare so well in the recent Storm Doris though: Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  See Egham Waitrose roof ravaged by Storm Doris Share this video Watch Next 6. On the banks of the Thames Perfect for dog walking, a simple walk with the family, or a relaxing sit down - especially in the summer. Living right on the Thames is popular for many reasons. It's good to have a bit of nature on the doorstep, after all. An idyllic place to sit - the river off Runnymede Pleasure Grounds (Photo: Huw Powell) 7. Royal Holloway University Founder's building at Royal Holloway in Egham (Photo: Kevin d’Souza) Although having a student population on the doorstep has its own set of issues, Royal Holloway is a prestigious name to boast as your neighbour. The spectacular Founder's Building in particular is iconic and certainly one of the most beautiful university buildings in the country. What could possibly be wrong with that? Students bringing healthy debate to an area stops it stagnating, anyway, and there must be loads of events in Egham that only happen because of the students. Again, this helps it NOT be boring! 8 . 30 minutes to Waterloo... Coming into Waterloo If by any chance you DO get a bit bored in Egham (it could happen anywhere if you stay there long enough), it's not long at all to get into London Waterloo! So there's basically a huge city on the doorstep, but without all the pollution and hustle and bustle - and with even more nature instead. Win-win. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @getsurrey Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Royal Holloway Runnymede Borough Council Waitrose Addlestone Egham Staines Lifestyle all Most Read Most Recent Egham8 reasons Egham is a great place to live After claims by a Reading councillor that Egham is "a very boring place to live", we've come up with some reasons to the contrary Fun StuffUK Wife Carrying Championships returning to Dorking for unusual annual competition Prepare for 40 couples to compete on Sunday (March 5) - but it's no normal race Surrey HillsThings you might not know happen in Surrey: Hygge Yes, you too can get involved in the lovely cosy practice of hygge. Ahhhhh... DorkingCrowds gathered to watch 10th UK Wife Carrying Championships in Dorking Around 40 competitors had to run up and down a 380 metre course with a 15 metre hill climb FarnhamSee inside the newly refurbished Farnham Hog's Back Hotel Leisure Club & Spa Surya Hotels said it is "committed to returning The Hog's Back Hotel to its former glory in past hay days" KingstonHave you seen the talents of #DancingDan the policeman? PC Daniel Graham's dancing went viral last year and now he's showing off his moves again Mother's Day61 sumptuous afternoon teas in Surrey and Hampshire perfect for Mother's Day A guide to some of the best afternoon teas around Surrey and north-east Hampshire DorkingCrowds gathered to watch 10th UK Wife Carrying Championships in Dorking Around 40 competitors had to run up and down a 380 metre course with a 15 metre hill climb Egham8 reasons Egham is a great place to live After claims by a Reading councillor that Egham is "a very boring place to live", we've come up with some reasons to the contrary Surrey HillsThings you might not know happen in Surrey: Hygge Yes, you too can get involved in the lovely cosy practice of hygge. Ahhhhh... Most Read Most Recent Traffic and TravelM3 traffic plus other breaking news from across the county, March 7 Live updates from around Surrey on news, sport, entertainment, traffic and travel and weather University of SurreyVictor Ivanelo search: Sister's desperate plea for brother to return home as hunt enters day 10 Maria Ivanelo said the disappearance of her brother, a business management student, was "really out of character" PotholesPotholes on Sir Richard's Bridge 'clearly need repairing' as county council and Network Rail dispute the cause "In an ideal world, Network Rail would fix the structural problems and the county council would come along and fix the road," a local councillor said AshfordBus driver found not guilty of killing Ashford motorcyclist by careless driving Darren Churchill, who was just 21, died after he was involved in a collision with a bus as he was travelling from Heathrow to Hounslow GuildfordGentleman's afternoon tea launched at Guildford Harbour Hotel Don't fancy sandwiches and scones? You can tuck into a platter of sausage rolls and scotch eggs Family & KidsLondon Paramount plans: Everything you need to know about so-called £3.5bn 'British Disneyland' Dubbed Britain's answer to Disneyland, London Paramount will cost £3.5bn and will be just an hour's drive from Surrey Surrey PoliceHeadley pool party murder probe: New CCTV of shooting victim Ricardo Hunter issued in fresh BBC Crimewatch appeal The footage footage shows a man, who police believe is Ricardo Hunter, arriving at a pool party with friends just hours before he was shot dead New ArticlesLondon Paramount: See early mock-ups of proposed £3.5bn theme park The team behind the vast theme park development hope to submit an application by November 2017 with a view to a grand opening in 2022 Traffic and TravelM3 traffic plus other breaking news from across the county, March 7 Live updates from around Surrey on news, sport, entertainment, traffic and travel and weather What's On News8 spring cleaning hacks using items you've already got in your home - and some of them might surprise you Grab your marigolds and put some elbow grease into it Top Stories University of SurreyVictor Ivanelo search: Sister's desperate plea for brother to return home as hunt enters day 10 Maria Ivanelo said the disappearance of her brother, a business management student, was "really out of character" Surrey PoliceHeadley pool party murder probe: New CCTV of shooting victim Ricardo Hunter issued in fresh BBC Crimewatch appeal The footage footage shows a man, who police believe is Ricardo Hunter, arriving at a pool party with friends just hours before he was shot dead PotholesPotholes on Sir Richard's Bridge 'clearly need repairing' as county council and Network Rail dispute the cause "In an ideal world, Network Rail would fix the structural problems and the county council would come along and fix the road," a local councillor said Surrey Heath Borough CouncilApple Pay and contactless introduced at Surrey Heath's car parks Surrey Heath Borough Council said its car park officers "received positive feedback almost immediately" on the new system KingstonHave you seen the talents of #DancingDan the policeman? PC Daniel Graham's dancing went viral last year and now he's showing off his moves again AshfordBus driver found not guilty of killing Ashford motorcyclist by careless driving Darren Churchill, who was just 21, died after he was involved in a collision with a bus as he was travelling from Heathrow to Hounslow WeybridgeWeybridge 10k death: Charity partner of public run event 'shocked and deeply saddened' for Czeslaw Dudek's family The 37-year-old was given CPR close to the finish line of the 10k run but tragically died PotholesHow does this happen? Large pothole appears in A31 Farnham Road and is coned off by police to protect road users A pothole near Farnham Road's junction with High View Road was awaiting repair on Monday after being coned off by Surrey Police Local NewsCrufts-winning breeder who killed nine puppies should be 'banned from owning pets for life', petition says Despite stuffing eight newborn puppies into a freezer to kill them, Crufts-winner Margaret Peacock has been allowed to continue keeping and breeding animals GuildfordGuildford Whitmoor Common 'missing man' search: Officers scour area with help from police helicopter and dog team Officers attended the Whitmoor Common car park off Salt Box Road at around lunchtime on Monday OxtedMan charged with causing explosion in Oxted petrol station cash machine raid Residents recalled hearing a loud noise coming from the direction of the cash machine during the early hours of Saturday Local NewsLifeboat crew rescue 'stranded' kayaker from the River Thames The kayaker found himself in trouble on the upstream side of Teddington Weir on Sunday 8 reasons Egham is a great place to live UK Wife Carrying Championships returning to Dorking for unusual annual competition Things you might not know happen in Surrey: Hygge Crowds gathered to watch 10th UK Wife Carrying Championships in Dorking See inside the newly refurbished Farnham Hog's Back Hotel Leisure Club & Spa WWF Christmas advert featuring injured tiger could be most moving effort yet Win a foodie hamper for Fairtrade Fortnight 15 wonderful and waggy dog walks around Surrey Win a family day out at the LEGOLAND® Windsor Resort Bubbleworks closure: 10 things you might not know about the iconic Chessington ride Red Nose Day fan shows off 28 years of Comic Relief noses See inside Costco's giant new warehouse outlet in Sunbury YOUR rights if someone blocks your driveway - can you ram it? The alternative tourism guide to Surrey Jobs in Surrey: Find your next one here Fear of flying courses to be offered at Brooklands Museum St Trinian's original schoolgirls visit film set 60 years on Pub quiz: Test your knowledge of pubs around Dorking Tim Peake captures sun setting over UK from International Space Station Stray of the Day: Stimpy finds 'happy' and loving fur-ever home News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Advertise with Us Competition Rules Goal Time Terms & Conditions How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Southern This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › opinion home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Advertising Opinion Bad news for online advertisers – you’ve been ’ad John Naughton Precision marketing through digital and social media aims to open our hearts and wallets. If only Advertisers shout, but who is listening? Photograph: Alamy Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Sunday 5 March 2017 04.00 EST There is, alas, no such thing as a free lunch. The trouble with digital technology, though, is that for a long time it encouraged us to believe that this law of nature had been suspended. Take email as an example. In the old days, if you wanted to send a friend a postcard saying: “Just thinking of you”, you had to find a postcard and a pen, write the message, find a stamp and walk to a postbox. Two days later – if you were lucky – your card reached its destination. But with email you just type the message, press “send” and in an instant it is delivered to your friend’s inbox, sometimes at the other end of the world. No stamp, no expense, no hassle. It turns out that the advertising industry is beginning to smell a rat in this hi-tech nirvana It is the same with using the cloud to store our digital photographs, browse the web, download podcasts, watch YouTube Lolcats, look up Wikipedia and check our Facebook newsfeeds. All free. Well, up to a point. Most of us eventually tumbled to the realisation that if the service is free, we are the product. Or, rather, our personal data and the digital trails we leave on the web are the product. The data is sliced, diced and sold to advertisers in a vast, hidden – and totally unregulated – system of high-speed, computerised auctions that ensure each user can be exposed to ads that precisely match their interests, demographics and gender identity. And this is done with amazing, fine-grained resolution: Facebook, for example, holds 98 data points on every user. Welcome to the world of “surveillance capitalism”. Still, consider the benefits for advertisers. Once upon a time, advertising was like carpet bombing. You paid a lot of money to put ads in newspapers and magazines or on television and billboards, but it was all hit and miss: you could never be sure what worked. As a US department store magnate, John Wanamaker, once said: “Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is, I don’t know which half.” But when Google and then Facebook arrived, all this apparently changed. The technology deployed by these outfits could ensure that only people likely to be receptive to particular messages would be shown those messages. Wanamaker’s heirs could be sure that their advertising dollars were hitting the spot. And on this foundation, Google and Facebook (and, for a while, Yahoo) made money like it was going out of fashion. It was, as the cliche puts it, a win‑win situation. And so the advertisers’ money, diverted from print and TV, cascaded into the coffers of Google and co. In 2012, Procter & Gamble announced that it would make $1bn in savings by targeting consumers through digital and social media. It has got to the point where, according to last week’s Financial Times, 2017 will be the year when advertisers spend more online than they do on TV. Trebles all round, then? Not quite. It turns out that the advertising industry is beginning to smell a rat in this hi-tech nirvana. In a speech to the annual conference of the Internet Advertising Bureau in January, the Procter & Gamble boss, Marc Pritchard, said this: “We have seen an exponential increase in, well… crap. Craft or crap? Technology enables both and all too often the outcome has been more crappy advertising accompanied by even crappier viewing experiences… is it any wonder ad blockers are growing 40%?” But the exponential growth in crap is not the biggest problem, he said. Much more worrying was the return of the Wanamaker problem: how many people are actually seeing these ads? Perhaps what he had in mind was an advertising industry investigation that suggested around a third of online ads may be “seen” not by humans but by bots. Pritchard regards the hidden machinery of surveillance capitalism as “murky at best and fraudulent at worst. We need to clean it up and invest the time and money we save into better advertising to drive growth.” Robert Mercer: the big data billionaire waging war on mainstream media Read more So here’s version 2.0 of the Wanamaker problem: the US industry is throwing astonishing amounts of money at online advertising and yet the growth rate of the industry is anaemic and nobody knows how effective online advertising really is. “Some might say,” said Pritchard, “we’re squandering this wonderful gift of technology.” They might. But eventually people will ask: what’s the rate of return of online advertising? Who’s benefiting from this vast, opaque, unregulated, unmonitored and ultimately user-hostile online auction system? Part of the answer may be glimpsed in the share prices of Google and Facebook. But mostly it’s to be found in the profits of the data-brokers, cookie monsters, trackers and other corporate creatures that lurk in the shadows cast by the internet giants. And they’re not talking. Advertising Opinion Internet Facebook Social networking Google Big data features Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion selected sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Opinion › Advertising Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News From Popular Fragrances To Unscented Options, Fresh Step® Has A Variety Of Litter For Every Cat Lover OAKLAND, Calif., March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Fresh Step® Litter is committed to providing a superior odor-eliminating litter to meet cat and cat owners’ needs and preferences. Designed with health and happiness for both in mind, Fresh Step will debut its latest product innovations in early 2017. Cat owners can now purchase Fresh Step’s superior odor-eliminating litter, which offers options ranging from popular fragrances – like new Febreze® Hawaiian Aloha™ scent – to unscented that meet consumer’s individual preferences. Fresh Step also has new packaging for larger sizes to make it easier to carry, pour and store litter. „We understand every cat lover has a unique aesthetic and scent preference for their home, which prompted us to create new innovations that would speak to each different style,” said Fresh Step Brand Manager, Jennifer Schneider. Fresh Step® with the power of Febreze® Hawaiian Aloha™ scent Fresh Step introduces Fresh Step® with the power of Febreze® Hawaiian Aloha™ scent, with a fresh, tropical scent – combining the strength of Fresh Step® partnered with the power of Febreze®. By eliminating the strongest litter box odors with a tough odor-eliminating formula, it leaves behind a light tropical scent. Fresh Step® with the power of Febreze® Hawaiian Aloha™ scent brings a popular, consumer-desired, in-home scent to the litter box as the newest product in the Fresh Step® with the power of Febreze® family. Fresh Step® Unscented For those who prefer no scent at all, Fresh Step is revamping its Unscented line and will release new product offerings in Spring 2017. Fresh Step consumers can rest assured they are choosing an unscented litter that meets their needs to eliminate the strongest litter box odors. Fresh Step Unscented litter provides Superior Unscented Odor Control with 10-day bacterial odor protection. Fresh Step® Compact Packs Fresh Step will also debut revolutionary easy-to-handle Compact Packs, which feature the equivalent of a 34 or 38 lb. box packaged in four smaller packs designed to make the litter experience more convenient and easier to carry, pour and store. The new, convenient Compact Packs are more portable for transport from the store to home, better designed to store in and around the home, and easier to pour into the litter box – removing the awkwardness of carrying and storing regular litter. Fresh Step® Paw Points® Rewards Program Want to start earning points for free Fresh Step litter, coupons, toys and even help your local shelter? Join the free Fresh Step Paw Points Rewards program now at FreshStep.com. You can also download the new Paw Points Rewards app by visiting the Apple App Store or Google Play to earn 50 points. The free, fun and cat approved app also makes it easy to donate points to your local shelter so they can receive free litter, toys and more. To celebrate the new power of Febreze® Hawaiian Aloha™ scent, consumers can win a trip to Hawaii by downloading the Fresh Step Paw Points mobile app and opting into the sweepstakes for a chance to win from (February 28, 2017 to April 24, 2017*). Earn an additional entry each day with repeat visits to the app! Visit FreshStep.com for details. All Fresh Step products support the brand’s mission to make the world a more welcoming place for cats and their people from helping every cat find a forever home to eliminating litter box odors and keeping your home smelling like your home. The products are available at Walmart, Target, your favorite grocery store, PetSmart, and other local pet retailers. For more information on the new products, visit FreshStep.com. FEBREZE is a trademark of The Procter & Gamble Company, Cincinnati, Ohio used under license by The Clorox Pet Products Company. *NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Legal residents of the 50 United States (D.C.) 18 years and older and members of the Fresh Step® Paw Points® Rewards Program at the time of entry.  Ends 4/24/17. To enter and for Official Rules, including odds, alternate method of entry, and prize descriptions, visit https://freshstep.promo.eprize.com/pawpoints/display_page?page=rules#aloha_sweeps. Void where prohibited. The Clorox Company The Clorox Company (NYSE: CLX) is a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products with about 7,700 employees worldwide and fiscal year 2015 sales of $5.7 billion. Clorox markets some of the most trusted and recognized consumer brand names, including its namesake bleach and cleaning products; Liquid Plumr® clog removers; Poett® home care products; Fresh Step® cat litter; Glad® bags, wraps and containers; Kingsford® charcoal; Hidden Valley® dressings and sauces; Brita® water-filtration products; Burt’s Bees® natural personal care products; and Renew Life® digestive health products. The company also markets brands for professional services, including Clorox Healthcare® and Clorox Commercial Solutions®. More than 80 percent of the company’s sales are generated from brands that hold the No. 1 or No. 2 market share positions in their categories. Clorox is a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact, a community of global leaders committed to sustainability. The company also has been broadly recognized for its corporate responsibility efforts, most notably receiving two Climate Leadership Awards for Excellence in 2015 and a Safer Choice Partner of the Year Award in 2016 from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as well as being named to CR Magazine’s 2016 Best Corporate Citizens list and included in the 2016 Newsweek Green Rankings. The Clorox Company and The Clorox Company Foundation contributed approximately $15 million in combined cash grants, product donations, cause marketing and employee volunteerism in the past fiscal year. For more information, visit TheCloroxCompany.com, the CR Matters Blog and follow the company on Twitter at @CloroxCo. NYSE: CLX CLX-B   SOURCE Fresh Step CategoriesUncategorized TagsAnimals & Pets, Companies, company, Health, Home and Garden, Legal, Markets, New Products & Services, win, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Biomerics Announces The Creation Of Biomerics Advanced Extrusion Division Next PostNext Freckle IoT Partners with LiveRamp to Bring In-Store 1st Party Data Segments to the Marketing Ecosystem Search Recent Posts Embedded Systems Academy veröffentlicht “Technology Guide” zur Sicherheit von Controller Area Networks (CAN) Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders La Visual Industry Promotion Organization et les laboratoires de recherche KADOKAWA ASCII procèdent au lancement d’un « Catalogue de contenus japonais » disponible via un site Web Proudly powered by WordPress
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Mar 06, 2017-Monday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india elections 2017 world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Adverse consumer feedback dents Patanjali’s hope of doubling revenue dehradun Updated: Mar 06, 2017 21:04 IST Anupam Trivedi Hindustan Times, Dehradun Yog guru Ramdev showing Patanjali products at a press conference in New Delhi. Many of the company’s products are now getting negative feedback from consumers and retailers (HT File Photo ) Many Patanjali products, promoted by yoga guru Ramdev, are reportedly getting “adverse feedback” from consumers and retailers, denting the company’s hope of doubling its revenue to Rs 10,000 crores in this fiscal. The Haridwar-based Patanjali Ayurved formed two internal committees at the behest of Ramdev to assuage the dissatisfaction of the retailers to address the problem. The idea is to keep retailers happy so that they “take care of the interest” of the company by retaining consumers. Established by Ramdev in 2006, Patanjali’s business journey so far has been impressive. From a humble beginning with Ayurveda products, the company now has array of fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) on its portfolio. Of late questions were, however, being raised over the quality of some of its products. Patanjali ghee, noodles, honey are few that faced lab tests, giving enough fodder to the competitors and reason to consumers to doubt. The company also faced the ire of the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) for ‘misbranding.’ The company refuted the charges. “Babaji’s (Ramdev) brand image is associated with the Patanjali products. There is no question of our products being inferior in quality,” claimed SK Tijarawala, spokesperson of the Patanjali. He, however, did not divulge details of the new arrangements being planned. “Not every Patanjali product is a huge success. Moreover, it lacked damage and expiry policy that causes loss to us,” said a Patanjali retailer. Read more After yoga training, BSF soldiers to use Ramdev’s Patanjali products Greater Noida: Ramdev’s Patanjali to start work on food park, university land stuck in litigation A company functionary admitted that riding on the huge brand name of Ramdev, the corporate office at Haridwar earlier neglected the feedback from the partner channels. But after Ramdev’s intervention two committees have been formed. One will look into the issues pertaining to the products that are nearing or have reached expiry dates. And the second committee will compensate retailers for those products that get damaged during the shipping. Besides, company is mulling to pass on certain amount of revenue to retailers across the country. Patanjali’s competitors like Dabur, Procter and Gamble, Nestle have strong distributor base. Off late the company realised this weakness. Despite the fact that Patanjali has got offers to expand business in Bangladesh, UAE, Iran, Azerbaijan etc – the company prefers to concentrate on domestic market. So far beyond India, Patanjali has entered only in Nepal, perhaps due to its managing director Balkrishna’s connection with the Himalayan state. “We are expanding fast in India and gradually will move overseas. We have zeroed in Suriname (a former Dutch colony) to expand base” Patanjali spokesperson Tijarawala added. tags Ramdev Patanjali FMCG products Patanjali ghee FSSAI more from dehradun Blamed for forest fires, pine needles to generate power Mar 06, 2017 20:37 IST Karnaprayag poll: Cong, BJP intensify campaign Mar 06, 2017 20:32 IST It’s time to be a sport, India Partnered feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Hyderabad airport ranks 1st in world in airport service quality: Survey Mar 06, 2017 20:55 IST Going to Amarnath? Don’t drink alcohol, start exercising, shrine board advises Mar 06, 2017 20:49 IST 30 Bangladeshis deported from Assam since BJP came to power last year Mar 06, 2017 20:32 IST Kudankulam nuclear plant’s 2nd unit likely to start commercial ops from April Mar 06, 2017 20:24 IST Govt unveils major changes in voluntary retirement rules for bureaucrats Mar 06, 2017 20:21 IST India calls for early adoption of anti-terror convention by United Nations Mar 06, 2017 20:05 IST Venkaiah Naidu pitches for exemption of low-cost housing from service tax under... Mar 06, 2017 19:49 IST uttar pradesh punjab goa uttarakhand manipur know your candidates UP elections: EC seeks Akhilesh Yadav’s reply over poll code violation Mar 06, 2017 20:56 IST Mayawati confident of BSP forming next govt in Uttar Pradesh Mar 06, 2017 20:32 IST East UP quietens down as campaigns for final poll phase end, to vote on Mar 8 Mar 06, 2017 20:31 IST ‘Parents will not name their sons Akhilesh’: BJP’s Adityanath likens UP CM to A... Mar 06, 2017 20:08 IST Akhilesh accuses Modi of wanting to divide even electricity into Hindu and Musl... Mar 06, 2017 19:20 IST US President Trump to leave Iraq off new travel ban order: White House source Mar 06, 2017 21:03 IST IS orders ‘Afghan dress’ for rebels to blend among civilians in Syria’s Raqa Mar 06, 2017 20:49 IST Shootout in Pakistan: Inspector, two Taliban terrorists killed Mar 06, 2017 19:53 IST In Pics: 915 coins removed from stomach of sea turtle in Thailand Mar 06, 2017 19:49 IST Muslim leaders’ headscarf advice for women ‘attack on freedom’: Austrian govt Mar 06, 2017 19:58 IST China’s economy will open up like never before, promises President Xi Mar 06, 2017 19:26 IST Associating terrorism with Islam inappropriate, says Afghan security adviser Mar 06, 2017 19:04 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Adverse consumer feedback dents Patanjali’s hope of doubling revenue Mar 06, 2017 21:04 IST Blamed for forest fires, pine needles to generate power Mar 06, 2017 20:37 IST Karnaprayag poll: Cong, BJP intensify campaign Mar 06, 2017 20:32 IST This Jharkhand man selflessly promotes education for 25 years Mar 06, 2017 20:22 IST Mercedes hit and run: Bystanders came to Delhi teen’s aid, couldn’t save him Mar 06, 2017 20:24 IST J’khand’s frozen veg unit goes on stream Mar 06, 2017 19:58 IST My DNA is such that rejections make me stronger, says Manoj Bajpayee Mar 06, 2017 19:32 IST Gurgaon gears up for a three-day cultural extravaganza for Holi Mar 06, 2017 19:26 IST All female team to man train operations in Palamu on Women’s Day Mar 06, 2017 20:23 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Why the State is wrong in linking Aadhaar to the mid-day meal scheme Mar 06, 2017 16:16 IST On his visit to Israel, it’s time Modi separates the diplomatic hyphen Mar 06, 2017 14:59 IST UP elections: Akhilesh, Modi and Mayawati are the only ones who matter Mar 06, 2017 13:15 IST Thank god, campaigning for the assembly elections is over Mar 06, 2017 12:56 IST US will have to scrap plans to lead clean tech if it exits Paris climate deal Mar 06, 2017 15:02 IST Josh Hazlewood faults pacers’ ‘Aussie line’, credits India’s batting intent Mar 06, 2017 21:06 IST India vs Australia: Virat Kohli’s DRS struggle stretches with another failure Mar 06, 2017 20:55 IST Is Virat Kohli’s poor form a worry? Here’s what Sanjay Bangar has to say Mar 06, 2017 20:25 IST Cricket could be out of list of events for 2018 Jakarta Asian Games Mar 06, 2017 20:06 IST Anurag Thakur, former BCCI president, apologises to Supreme Court Mar 06, 2017 19:44 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Josh Hazlewood faults pacers’ ‘Aussie line’, credits India’s batting intent Mar 06, 2017 21:06 IST India vs Australia: Virat Kohli’s DRS struggle stretches with another failure Mar 06, 2017 20:55 IST Premier League: Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Tyrone Mings charged over Old Trafford clash Mar 06, 2017 20:51 IST Alexis Sanchez bust-up reports are ‘completely false’, says Arsene Wenger Mar 06, 2017 20:41 IST Is Virat Kohli’s poor form a worry? Here’s what Sanjay Bangar has to say Mar 06, 2017 20:25 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Anushka Sharma to Aamir Khan: Bollywood debates actor-turns-rapper trend Mar 06, 2017 20:33 IST My DNA is such that rejections make me stronger, says Manoj Bajpayee Mar 06, 2017 19:32 IST Rishi Kapoor on sending abusive Twitter DMs: You can’t abuse me and think I’ll keep... Mar 06, 2017 19:29 IST Abu Azmi on Karan Johar’s twins: He could have adopted a poor child, is he ill? Mar 06, 2017 20:03 IST My Brother Nikhil maker Onir’s debut documentary selected for Maryland film fes... Mar 06, 2017 18:36 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Early periods associated with 50% more risk of gestational diabetes: Research Mar 06, 2017 17:26 IST Want a good night’s sleep? Get rid of your tracking device Mar 06, 2017 17:12 IST Eat more salt: Now, experts claim low intake may up heart attack risk Mar 06, 2017 16:57 IST Couples choosing to not have children are stigmatised, says study Mar 06, 2017 16:08 IST Life in plastic, it’s fantastic: Japan’s ‘fake food’ looks tastier than real fo... Mar 06, 2017 15:05 IST Now a 32 GB variant of iPhone 6 is going cheaper than a 16 GB version on Amazon  Mar 06, 2017 16:20 IST Mercedes recalls one million vehicles worldwide due to overheating, fire risk Mar 03, 2017 22:45 IST Want to track your sexual performance? It’s time to use this smart condom Mar 03, 2017 14:50 IST Chinese phone makers: The invisible hands behind the Nokia 3310, Blackberry rev... Mar 03, 2017 11:27 IST Big leap for Snap as messaging app debuts on Wall Street Mar 03, 2017 16:37 IST Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked image shows new AI button, 18:9 display ratio Mar 02, 2017 13:52 IST Yahoo’s handling of hack costs chief Marissa Mayer her bonus Mar 02, 2017 13:39 IST SBI PO Prelims 2017: Here’s your guide to cracking the exam Mar 06, 2017 19:33 IST IIM Lucknow likely to increase fee for 2-year PG programme by 15% Mar 06, 2017 19:05 IST Panjab University yet to settle accounts dating back to 1988, says audit report Mar 06, 2017 13:42 IST SBI PO Prelims 2017: Application process ends today Mar 06, 2017 13:37 IST Google aims for the sky: Will create global pool of cloud talent with Coursera Mar 06, 2017 11:42 IST Jaipur’s own queer parade: ‘Gulabi’ adds colour to the Pink City Mar 06, 2017 15:21 IST INS Viraat through the ages Mar 06, 2017 09:05 IST Pictorial overview of UP elections Mar 05, 2017 14:50 IST In pictures: A day in the life of slum dwellers Mar 03, 2017 10:36 IST Powerboat racing: Mumbai ready for the thrill, with all the frills Mar 03, 2017 13:04 IST Akhilesh questions “Bahut ho gayi Mann ki Baat, kab karoge kaam ki baat” Mar 06, 2017 19:25 IST PM Modi pays tribute to Lal Bahadur Shastri at his memorial Mar 06, 2017 16:03 IST This 360 feet tricolour is so tall that it can be seen from Pakistan Mar 06, 2017 15:14 IST 17-year-old dies as Mercedes-Benz rams scooter Mar 06, 2017 12:13 IST PM Modi offers prayers at Kashi Vishwanath Temple Mar 04, 2017 15:29 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Hair Care Demand * Belgium Haircare Market * More Tags... Industry News * Consumer * More Industries... News By Place * Gurgaon   Haryana   India * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Low Inflation to Boost Hair care Industry Of Belgium: Ken Research     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Hair Care Demand • Belgium Haircare Market Industry: • Consumer Location: • Gurgaon - Haryana - IndiaGURGAON, India - March 6, 2017 - PRLog -- Ken research announced its recent publication on ' (https://www.kenresearch.com/consumer-products-and-retail/cosmetics-and-personal-care/consumer-haircare-belgium/79627-95.html)Consumer and Market Insights: Haircare market in Belgium' (https://www.kenresearch.com/consumer-products-and-retail/cosmetics-and-personal-care/consumer-haircare-belgium/79627-95.html). The report provides a comprehensive analysis on the hair care market of Belgium. It gives a detailed account of overall market value and volume, the market value and volume of each sub category, leading players of the market. Further it delineates about the distribution and packaging data. Hair care market has five types of product including, shampoo, hair color, hair conditioner, hair styling products and hair oil. As the world population is aging rapidly this has led to the booming of the hair color industry. The major segments of the hair colour industry are permanent hair color, temporary hair color, semi-permanent hair color, and hair highlights and bleach. When it comes to hair styling products the market is sub-segmented into hair styling mousse, holding sprays, heat Protestants, spray for curly hair, hair serum and gel among others. The major drivers of the hair colour industry is the Increasing hair and scalp problems, technology innovations in product manufacturing,growing popularity of herbal hair care products, intelligent advertising campaigns of hair care products, rising disposable income and increasing spending on hair care. In addition to that the other factors pushing the industry is the ever-rising influence of the fashion industry, a rise in the global aging population and a shift in the attitude of male customers towards personal grooming. One of the major hindrances in the growth of this industry is the high cost professional hair care services. Belgium is a sovereign state in the Western Europe. It is small yet densely populated nation. The economy is modern, open and private enterprise based. Belgium has been able to capitalize on its central geographical location and limited natural resources to develop a diversified a industrial and commercial base. It imports a significant amount of raw materials and exports the manufactured products. The country is going through a problem of high unemployment level, low wage growth and a big public debt. The government has undertaken certain reforms to improve the competitiveness of the country by changing the tax policies, labour laws and welfare benefits. This has not been received well by the trade unions and ignited strikes at many places The hair care industry is expected to register high value growth in the upcoming years. One of the major reasons is the low unemployment level which has increased the consumer spending. This industry has ripened as most of the brands are offering a high range of products and the consumers are opting value for money products. Shampoo leads the industry in both value terms however conditioner are expected to see the fastest growth. The leading players in the market are L'Oreal S.A. and The Procter & Gamble Company Companies Covered L'Oreal S.A., The Procter & Gamble Company, Henkel Ag & Co. Kgaa, Unilever Plc, Beiersdorf Ag, Korres Natural Products SA, Klorane International, Laboratoires Ducray, Colgate-Palmolive Company, Johnson & Johnson Services Inc., Laboratoire Bioderma, Delhaize, Carrefour, Aldi , Kruidvat Key Factors Considered in the Report Belgium Haircare Market Research Report Hair Care Demand Belgium Belgium Haircare Market Future Outlook Belgium Shampoo Industry Research Hair Conditioner Market Research Belgium Belgium Haircare Market Competition Belgium Haircare Market Latest Trends Belgium Haircare Market Future Outlook For more information click on the link below https://www.kenresearch.com/consumer-products-and-retail/... Contact Us: Ken Research Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications Ankur@kenresearch.com +91-9015378249 End Source : Ken Research.com Email : ***@kenresearch.com Posted By : ***@kenresearch.com Phone : 01244230204 Tags : Hair Care Demand, Belgium Haircare Market Industry : Consumer Location : Gurgaon - Haryana - India Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Ken Research PRs Increase In Public Spending To Boost Construction Industry In Singapore: Ken Research Artisanal Ice Cream Segment Account for Highest Contribution in Venezuela: Ken Research Ice Cream Market In Thailand To Record A Positive Growth: Ken Research Favourable Outlook Of Norway Industrial Construction Industry: Ken Research Norway Infrastructure Construction Market To Expand: Ken Research Trending News Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine CatWise Cat Café Tour Presented by Wellness® Natural Pet Food at Brooklyn Cat Café HipHop Showcase Bridging the Gap Between the Midwest and the South Eric Skye will be performing at Tobias Music on Saturday, April 8 Toshiba Introduces High-Resolution 5MP Bullet Camera with Enhanced Nighttime Video Surveillance Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 06, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
rediff.com Rediff Get Ahead News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Getahead » Placements drop by 5 per cent at IIM-C Placements drop by 5 per cent at IIM-C March 06, 2017 10:07 IST It is not clear whether the drop in offers is a fallout of demonetisation. The Indian Institute of Management Calcutta (IIM-C) registered a five per cent fall in job offers in the 2017 season of placements. Against a total job offer of 499 for a batch of 439 students, this time, IIM-C received 474 offers for a batch of 455 students. The total time taken for the placement process is also half a day more than previous year's record of 2.5 days. While portfolios in finance and consulting companies increased this time, it went down steadily for offers in IT and start-ups while sales and marketing and general management & strategy portfolios also registered a three per cent dip each. It is not clear whether the drop in job offers is fallout of demonetisation. IIM-C professors were not available for comment. Twenty-nine per cent of the offers were given by finance companies like Arga Investment, BAML, Citibank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JPMC and others against last year's 27 per cent while 22 per cent of the offers was given by the consulting sector which included companies like Accenture, AT Kearney, Bain, BCG, McKinsey. Last year, the consulting sector, led by Boston Consulting Group, Bain & Co., McKinsey, AT Kearney and Accenture Management Consulting, comprised 20 per cent of the total offers. In the sales and marketing domain which accounted for 12 per cent of the placements this year, HUL, ITC, P&G and Reckitt Benckiser led the pack. The 2016 batch had received as many as 75 offers from these firms which made up for 15 per cent of the offer portfolio. This year, general management firms like Aditya Birla Group, CK Birla Group, TAS and offered 15 per cent of the total offers which is a dip of three per cent then previous year when TAS, Aditya Birla Group, CK Birla Group, Samsung India, Reliance Industries Limited and Wipro stood as the major recruiters. E-commerce and IT roles in large corporations as well as start-ups, offered by Amazon, Snapdeal, Flipkart, PayTM, Olacabs, Uber and RedBus, besides others had offered 19 per cent roles in 2016 which went down to 14 per cent. The largest recruiters in this category this year were Amazon and Wipro. In the 2017 final placement season, the highest domestic package stood at Rs. 70 lakh per annum while the highest international package amounted to $130,000 per annum. Lead image used for representational purposes only. Avishek Rakshit Source: Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED Fear not students, there is hope in America CampusAlert: Slowdown hits new IIMs Top 10 bank exams to prepare for in 2017 'The idea is to promote research as a career' The latest hiring trend at the IITs! Rahul calls PM old, says they will form government of young people This former Aussie great is 'losing respect' for Kohli Mandana Karimi's wedding pictures 2nd Test: Pujara, Rahul shine as India fightback on Day 3 Former BCCI chief Thakur tenders unconditional apology in SC Freida Pinto's Good Samaritan act! Asli showstoppers: SRK and Anushka Sudha Murty's tips for writers Style Diaries: Malaika, Alia slay in yellow Will purple lips suit you? Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Tamil actor Vijay in Dubai Reader Chandrasekar Subramanian sends us a... More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India News  |  Latest News in India  |  Bollywood News  |  India Cricket Score  |  India Business News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines   Indonesia Go! PhilippinesIndonesia Jobs Coupons   Rappler Shop Login to Rappler Login to Rappler using your social account: Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one. Home News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X Jobs Coupons Rappler Shop News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's 2013 Board Privacy Statement Contact Us Rappler's Founding Board Terms of Use Advertise With Us Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Comment Moderation Policy Archives Job Openings OTHER CONTENT #PHVote 2016 • Philippine News • Weather Forecast Philippines • Pugad Baboy • Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) • Pork Barrel Scam • Disaster Preparedness • Disaster Response • Disaster Recovery • Manny Pacquiao • The Hunger Project • Travel Philippines • UAAP • FOI bill • Charter Change • Indonesia News • Gilas Pilipinas • Jejomar Binay • Makati City • #ProjectAgos • Typhoon Ruby (Hagupit) • AirAsia flight QZ8501 • Pope Francis Quotes • Miss Universe• Facebook down • Travel in the Philippines • Places to visit in the Philippines • Philippine holidays • Join the #PHVote Challenge! Go! LATEST NEWS Canadian shot by unknown suspect along EDSA Philippines LIVE: Final reading of death penalty bill at the House of Representatives Philippines Ex-budget chief Abad to be charged over DAP Philippines Twitch reveals Pulse, its Twitter clone for game streamers Tech News DSWD: Amend law to provide more benefits for solo parents Philippines Jadwal tahapan putaran kedua Pilkada DKI Jakarta Pilkada 2017 #DuterteLive: Search for cleanest town and launch of agri-guide map Philippines UAAP Football: Is it Ateneo's year? Football Ex-speaker Nograles faces graft charges over PDAF scam Philippines Turkey, Russia, US military chiefs hold talks in Turkey Middle East View more stories Move.PH Successful Filipinos find their way home, make an impact The Aguhon Awards recognizes Filipino men and women 'who are based in their home countries, creating an impact that ripples throughout Asia' Don Kevin Hapal @@donkevinhapal Published 11:55 AM, March 03, 2017 Updated 11:55 AM, March 03, 2017 AGUHON AWARDEES. Joey Ochave, Nestor Tan, Gianna Montinola, and Maria Ressa are the awardees for this year's Aguhon Awards. MANILA, Philippines – Some men and women find themselves away from their homeland, but ultimately, choose to return and make a difference. The Aguhon Awards honors these men and women who have found their way home. An "aguhon" is an ancient mariner's compass, the world's oldest navigation instrument. "We wanted to honor those who are based in their home countries, creating an impact that ripples throughout Asia," said Maoi Arroyo, head organizer of the Aguhon Awards held Tuesday, February 28, at the Asian Institute of Management. This year's awardees are Filipinos who have made an economic, social, or cultural impact on the country and have all either worked or studied overseas. Read on for a glimpse of the journeys of Nestor Tan, Gianna Montinola, Joey Ochave, and Maria Ressa. Nestor Tan Nestor Tan, president and chief executive officer of BDO Unibank, told the audience that there was nothing heroic about his story. Tan stayed in the United States for 17 years, working for various banks there, and also stayed in Europe. It's been 20 years since he returned to the Philippines, not to change the country for the better, he said, but for "selfish reasons." "I wanted to be close to my parents. I want my children to grow up as Filipinos as well. And lastly, I got tired of ironing my own shirts," Tan said in his speech. But he did make a huge impact – especially for thousands of employees all over the country. Under Tan's leadership, BDO has grown to become the Philippines' largest bank. What's his recipe for success? Tan shared the following insights: Strive for excellence. "If you want to be a charity worker, be the best that is. If you want to be a banker, be the best that is. If you want to be a professor, be the best... If you do well in everything you do, the perks will come, they will follow." Have a good foundation. "I mean individually – in small things like work ethics, integrity, the ability to work well with people, and the lifelong learning that goes with it." Don't sweat the small stuff. "A lot of us do get hung up because we worry too much. We should only worry if we didn't do what should have been done." Follow your passion. "The hardest person to please is yourself," so stick to what you like. Success has many fathers and mothers. "Nobody's ever done it alone... and oftentimes we will get bypassed, sometimes ignored, but I believe that the truth catches out. So you may not get credit for a long time, then suddenly, it would all come because they will realize that you're a part of that success." Gianna Montinola Gianna Montinola has taken on many roles – lawyer, diplomat, business development manager, head of a non-governmental organization (NGO), and finally, an educator. "I had no grand plan. I just learned to seize the opportunities that came my way and to make the most of my choices," she said in her speech. Opportunities did keep coming for Montinola. After getting a college degree in the US, she came back to the Philippines to study law. She was a lawyer for a decade, focusing on intellectual property and commercial law. "My days were filled with trademark, patent, and copyright registrations, research, meetings with clients, and believe it or not, conducting raids on retail establishments selling fake goods," Montinola shared. Her legal career was interrupted only when she was sent to Lima, Peru as an honorary consul. "Almost overnight I had to learn how to issue visas, attend to the needs of Filipinos, and organize cultural events. I had to study the ways of protocol, and liaise with my supervising embassy in Brazil and Argentina, and with the Peruvian Department of Foreign Affairs." When her tour of duty ended, Montinola joined the business development and marketing team of Brockman Life Corporation. "It was here where I learned about product quality, to anticipate what a customer wants, and to provide excellent service." She then felt she had to give back. She co-founded Hands On Manila, an NGO which now has 30,280 volunteers. Hands On Manila's volunteers have helped 58,000 children, 2,000 senior citizens, 14 public schools, and 62 orphanages. In 2004, she joined Far Eastern University (FEU) as a consultant for marketing and communication. "Responsibility to deliver service that would help change lives close to 32,000 students from middle- and lower-income families was a serious one," she said. It was in 2007 when Montinola co-founded PeaceTech, an NGO dedicated to peacebuilding through the use of information communications technology. Almost a decade later, PeaceTech has touched the lives of almost 40,000 people through its Global Classroom Program. Montinola then returned to school and got her master's degree from Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government, which she said was a “daunting experience for someone in her 50s." After graduating, Montinola chose to return to FEU where she became the vice president for corporate affairs. "As a university, we are faced with the rapid, day-to-day changes of education. Resources like massive online courses… the internet… and the media which can instantly transport you to any part of the world. Many graduates will probably find employment in fields not related to the degree that they completed," she said. "These are the challenges we face today. There is still a lot of learning to be done." Joey Ochave Lawyer, chemical engineer, and Unilab senior vice president Joey Ochave said he had an unconventional path to leadership. His journey started in 1978, in high school, when he read about the country's history of resistance and joined the revolutionary movement. His early leadership days, he said, were during Martial Law when they fought the Marcos dictatorship. Everything he knows about marketing and management, he learned from his experiences then. "We knew deep in our hearts that we were fighting for what is right, and we started before Ninoy's assassination – before everyone wanted to be part of protest movements," he said. "What's a more difficult item to sell to people than a revolution – asking them to stake their lives for something that is as intangible as freedom, human rights, and self-determination?" After the EDSA People Power Revolution, Ochave made a move that he felt was "anathema to [his] comrades at the time" – he joined an American multinational company, Procter & Gamble (P&G). But then, it was where he also thought that he could do good. "Love of country and wanting to do good, it does not know any boundary. You can be in the government, you can be in the private sector, you can be anywhere and you can do good," he said. Ochave later left P&G to study law. He eventually joined Unilab, where he first handled legal affairs and is now SVP. Throughout his journey, Ochave was given many opportunities to travel the world. Yet ultimately, he chose to stay in the country and lead initiatives to deliver cheaper medicines to the public, such as RiteMed. "We wanted to change the discourse from 'bawal magkasakit kasi mahal ang gamot' (you're not allowed to get sick because medicine is expensive) to 'bawal ang mahal' (expensive is not allowed) because there is no reason for people not to afford medicine," he said. Ochave, like Tan, added there was nothing heroic about him. "We may look heroic in hindsight, but when we were anti-Martial Law activists, we were actually really scared. But it's okay to be scared, because that's the way to change the world." Maria Ressa Rappler CEO and executive editor Maria Ressa has witnessed different cycles of history as a journalist over the past 3 decades. She has also been through cycles of homecoming. Ressa was born in the Philippines and moved to the US shortly before martial law was declared. Her first homecoming happened in 1986, when she also lived through her first cycle of history: the democracy movement that started in the Philippines and rippled across the world. "While I was with CNN, it was an amazing and empowering time to be at the front seat and watch strongmen rulers give way to democracy. Such an amazing time," she said. Her second homecoming was in 2005, when Ressa finally chose to stay. "My family was in the States largely, but in 2005, what changed? I turned 40. I thought I needed a sense of home. I hated flying into the Philippines and being a foreigner watching," Ressa said. It was in her 40s that she wanted "help build something." At the time, Ressa said she felt like she was "young enough to believe she could make a difference and old enough to have real experience and actually make a difference." In 2006, Ressa said she could still feel the full gatekeeping powers of traditional journalism. At the time, journalists had control over all information distributed through available platforms. Ressa said it was in 2016 that technology changed countries, societies, governance, and democracies. "It began with Brexit, was followed by the election of Duterte in the Philippines, and of course, we ended it in November with the election of Trump in the United States," she said. And while social media has been used to get the wisdom of the crowd, it's also where lynch mobs have increasingly launched attacks. "The first targets were institutions that became weaker. The second targets were individuals," Ressa said. "We showed you how 26 fake accounts can actually influence and mislead up to 3 million Facebook pages. Only 26!" (READ: Propaganda war: Weaponizing the internet) "It's clear there is an effort to tear down institutions. We are trampling the rule of law. How can you say we're not when more than 7,000 people have been killed in 7 months?" she added. Where is the Philippines heading now? Ressa said it is time to recalculate. (READ: #InspireCourage: Our pledge) "What's clear is that information will again turn the world views. Question is, are we going to be satisfied with creating these echo chambers, or are we going to bridge? ... This country really can't move if it doesn't come together," she said. "We don't know where it's headed. What I do know is that this is a primeval moment to be Filipino. It is also an amazing time to be a journalist." – Rappler.com Filed under:Gianna Montinola•Joey Ochave•Maria Ressa•Nestor Tan•success stories•Aguhon Awards HOW DOES THIS STORY MAKE YOU FEEL? Happy Sad Angry Don't Care Inspired Afraid Amused Annoyed Back These stories made other people Check them out! × Would you like to share your vote? ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's Founding Board Rappler's 2014-2016 Board Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Job Openings Archives X Join The #PHVote Challenge! Privacy statement Terms of Use Comment moderation Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us SECTIONS #PHvote 2016 News Video Business Newsbreak MovePH Views Life & Style Entertainment Sports Tech Live BrandRap Weather in the Philippines Disasters Travel destinations Coupons Jobs COMMUNITY Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Storify Flickr Instagram Android iOS Windows × Log In with your Rappler Account Email: Password: Cancel Submit × Register for a RAPPLER Account Fields with * are required. Thank You. View your profile page here OR Click close to continue. Email: Password: First Name: Last Name: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Subscriptions I want to subscribe to the Rappler daily wRap I want to be a Project Agos volunteer Terms & Conditions I agree to the Rappler terms and conditions below: Privacy Statement Site Use Policy Comment Moderation Policy Cancel Submit × Update your information Fields with * are required. Thank You. You have successfully updated your account. First Name: Last Name: Email: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Cancel Submit
menu Sections Tuesday, March 7, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION business / BoardTalk share this Grass is greener where you water it By: Doris Dumlao-Abadilla - Reporter / @philbizwatcher Philippine Daily Inquirer / 12:59 AM March 06, 2017 Exemplary individuals. (From left) Octave, Tan, Ressa, Montinola and Aguhon Award chair Maoi Arroyo It has been said that the Philippines is sitting on a gold mine of people who have worked and studied overseas, many of whom will eventually find their way back home and use their globally competitive skill sets and fresh perspective to make a positive economic, social or cultural impact in the region. BDO Unibank president Nestor Tan, Far Eastern University vice president for corporate affairs and Hands On Manila founder Gianna Montinola, Unilab senior vice president Jose Maria Ochave and Rappler co-founder and president Maria Ressa are four such exemplary individuals. They recently received the Aguhon Award, which honors individuals who came back home to serve their countrymen. ADVERTISEMENT In Filipino, “aguhon” is a sextant used for generations by seafarers to find their way. Asian Institute of Management (AIM) professor Maoi Arroyo, who chairs the Aguhon Award, said recognizing individuals who had come back to serve the country was one way of helping the region reaffirm its sense of self and renew its hopes for the future. Aguhon supports leaders who believe that “the grass is greener where you water it,” who invest in Asia by working in Asia. The Aguhon Award is also a platform that seeks to raise scholarship funds for the World Economic Forum’s communities of Young Global Leaders, Global Shapers and Schwab Social Entrepreneurs to take up AIM’s MSc Innovation in Business. “It is no longer enough to say that ‘the Filipino is worth dying for,’ we must also assert that the Filipino is worth living for—and worth living here for. While we value the support and sacrifices of those who have left our region yet continue to help their home countries, let us also laud those who have decided to double down on their countries when the going gets tough,” Arroyo said. Nestor Tan This veteran banker, who holds an MBA from Wharton School and a bachelor’s degree in commerce from De La Salle University, had worked in New York and London for global banking institutions. He had worked at Bankers Trust Co. in New York as vice president and the Barclays Group in New York and London as planning director and head of strategic planning for corporate and institutional services group. Thereafter, he became the chief operating officer for the financial institution services group of BZW, the investment-banking subsidiary of the Barclays Group. He joined BDO as executive vice president in 1997, the year when the Asian currency crisis erupted, and became president in July 1998. When Tan joined BDO, it was far from the banking giant that it is today. It was also a challenging period for the banking system, as the peso devaluation against the US dollar and skyrocketing interest rates triggered a spate of loan defaults. Since the millennium turnover, Tan—together with chair Teresita Sy-Coson—led BDO to one merger after another, at one point acquiring one bank almost every year. These days, BDO has become the country’s biggest bank in all metrics—total resources (P2.3 trillion), loan book (P1.57 trillion), deposits (P1.9 trillion), capitalization (P217.5 billion) and assets under management (P1 trillion). It has also become the most valuable, now valued by the stock market at around P513 billion. During his acceptance speech, Tan said he can’t change the world but can work to build a better bank, and make financial services more inclusive. Outside of BDO, Tan is also the president of the influential Bankers Association of the Philippines, which works with banking regulators and stakeholders in addressing issues faced by the banking industry. Gianna Montinola For someone who admitted to not having any grand plan and only seizing opportunities that came her way, this lawyer, ex-diplomat, business manager, educator and volunteerism advocate rolled into one has gone a long way. Montinola—vice president for corporate affairs at FEU (controlled by her family), where she has also handled marketing, communications and external relations since 2013 (and a consultant since 2004)—herself has had a cosmopolitan education. She finished the first year of A-Levels under the British Preparatory system at New Hall, Chelmsford, Essex in England and joined the “Junior Year Abroad” program to learn French from the L’Institut d’Études Europeénnes in Paris while pursuing a BA degree in International Relations, which she subsequently earned from Mount Holyoke College, in Massachusetts. She also acquired a Bachelor of Laws degree from the Ateneo de Manila University and masters degree in Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. She served as Philippine Honorary Consul to the Republic of Peru from 1992 to 1996, at the time when Alberto Fujimori was president. After her tour of duty in Peru, she joined the marketing and then the business development department of Rockwell Land Corp. (1996 to 1998), then a small company trying to make its presence felt in the property industry. “Although my life was full as wife, mother and professional, I felt the time was right for me to give back,” Montinola said. Her prayers were answered in 2001 when she was given the opportunity to set up Hands On Manila (HOM) Foundation Inc., the first international affiliate of American nongovernment organization (NGO) Hands On Network-Points of Light. HOM brought to the country an innovative and alternative model of volunteer service, which allows for volunteering to be integrated into daily schedules even for busy individuals. Its goal is to train, educate and mobilize volunteers in the areas of education, livelihood and environment. Over the years, HOM has gained headway not only among individual volunteers but among corporations which outsourced their corporate social responsibility initiatives to the foundation. To date, HOM has mobilized 30,280 volunteers, worked with 96 corporate partners and entities and collectively contributed over 300,000 volunteer hours, in turn benefiting 8,000 children, 2,000 elderly people, 14 public schools and 62 orphanages, three coastal mangrove areas and 120 NGOs. Jose Maria Ochave A chemical engineer and lawyer, he helped Unilab—now the largest pharmaceutical firm in Southeast Asia—introduce cheaper drugs to the market. For him, there’s no reason for drugs to be expensive unless they are biotech drugs. In 2002, Unilab set up RiteMED as a manufacturer and marketer of off-patent, low cost pharmaceuticals that were 50 percent cheaper than the drugs peddled by big pharmaceutical firms. Ochave calls it an “advocacy brand.” Ochave took an unconventional path to leadership, one that was shaped up by the underground movement. In the dark days of martial law, he was among those young people organizing students. “Everything I know about marketing and management, I learned from the movement,” he said. “After all, what more difficult item is there to sell to the people than a revolution, to ask people to stake their lives for something not tangible as human rights, freedom, self-determination?” Ochave graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering degree from the University of the Philippines (where he was a DOST scholar) in 1986. When the Marcos dictatorship was overthrown during the 1986 revolution, Ochave decided it was time to return to the mainstream. He joined multinational giant Procter & Gamble, where he was part of the team that started community relations. Afterwards, he went to law school, earning his Bachelor of Laws from the University of the Philippines in 1992. He graduated class salutatorian and ranked 11th in the 1992 Philippine bar exams. He then got a Master of Laws degree from the University of Michigan (under Dewitt Fellowship), which he completed in 1995. Maria Ressa Ressa, co-founder and president of online media Rappler, has been a journalist in Asia for more than 25 years, most of them as CNN’s bureau chief in Manila then Jakarta. She became CNN’s lead investigative reporter focusing on terrorism in Southeast Asia and wrote “Seeds of Terror: An Eyewitness Account of al-Qaeda’s Newest Center of Operations in Southeast Asia.” In 1987, Ressa was one of the founders of independent production company, Probe. In 2005, she returned to the Philippines to head ABS-CBN News and Current affairs. For six years, she managed more than 1,000 journalists for the largest multiplatform news operation in the Philippines. Her work aimed to redefine journalism by combining traditional broadcast, new media and mobile phone technology for social change. She taught courses in politics and media for her alma mater, Princeton University, as well as in broadcasting at the University of the Philippines. Born in the Philippines, Ressa moved to the United States shortly before martial law was declared. (Very recently, she convinced her parents to move back to the Philippines). Her first homecoming to the Philippines was in 1986. She recalled this was an inspiring time, as the People Power in the Philippines had sparked democracy movements elsewhere in the world—in South Korea, Pakistan, China, Burma, East Germany, Bangladesh and Nepal. By her second homecoming in 2005, at the helm of ABS-CBN News, she said the grumbling among people had begun to manifest. Decades after the ouster of Marcos, she observed that the promise of people power remained unfulfilled and that American-style democracy had failed in this country. With the rise of populist leaders globally amid grumbling from the populace, Ressa also lamented how social media was being used as a weapon against institutions and individuals, including journalists. Last year was the turning point for the world, she said, citing Great Britain’s vote to pull out of the European Union, the election of Rodrigo Duterte in the Philippines and the election of Donald Trump in the United States. “This is another cycle of history. It is time to stand. It is time to be counted,” she said. play_circle_filled Duterte to CA: Allow Gina Lopez to present her mining stance March 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Nationwide smoking ban to include indoor cigarette use, says Palace March 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Palace: There was a 'certain attempt' to influence Duterte financially March 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Palace: 'Madam Secretary' show should’ve used fictional US President instead March 07, 2017 TAGS: Aguhon Award For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Woman’s leg gashed in mall escalator mishap March 6, 2017 entertainment WATCH: ‘PH President’ punched by US official in TV series March 7, 2017 newsinfo Senators doubt credibility of Lascañas March 7, 2017 globalnation 8 PH universities listed among Asia’s best June 14, 2016 newsinfo Lacson: I got info ‘dance instructor’ of Duterte sister alive March 6, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
menu Sections Tuesday, March 7, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION business / BoardTalk share this ‘People-first’ technology on the rise By: Annelle Tayao-Juego - Reporter / @neltayao Philippine Daily Inquirer / 12:52 AM March 06, 2017 Technology for the people, by the people.” No, it’s not a reworked line from Abraham Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address, but the theme of Accenture’s 2017 Technology Vision (Tech Vision) report, the company’s “annual prediction of technology trends that will shape the future of companies in the next three years.” “In 2017, we’re seeing that technology is really being shaped by people, for people,” says JP Palpallatoc, Accenture digital group lead of the Philippines delivery center. ADVERTISEMENT Basically, the theme is a “call to action for business and technology leaders to actively design and direct technology to augment and amplify human capabilities.” To help companies respond to this call, Tech Vision lists down five emerging technology trends that companies should take note of to succeed in today’s digital economy: •AI (artificial intelligence) is the new UI (user interface); • ecosystems as macrocosms; • workforce marketplace • design for humans; • the uncharted. “AI is getting simpler, making the interaction with customers and employees more intuitive,” Palpallatoc says of the first trend, citing the Amazon Alexa, the “virtual assistant” created by the company. For companies, AI could become their “spokesperson,” says Palpallatoc, citing how chat bots have already started taking on this role when it comes to customer service. “As more people interact with AI, we’re going to see how they could eventually represent brands and be the digital spokesperson,” he says. The second trend, Palpallatoc continues, is all about companies building an ecosystem of partners that will allow them to diversify their operations—like how General Motors invested $500 million in ride-hailing startup Lyft Inc. with plans of creating a network self-driving cars. “When we surveyed executives, 75 percent said that their competitive advantage does not solely rely on their strengths, but on the strengths of their partners and their ecosystem,” says Palpallatoc. “They can even have multiple ecosystems, so they need to create a strategy to know which partners, which ecosystem they can work with.” The next Tech Vision trend, according to Palpallatoc, is something that is “very relevant” to the country: workforce marketplace. With the rise of on-demand labor platforms such as freelancer.com and raket.ph, companies are given the opportunity to have a healthy talent mix by tapping into these external sources, aside from their direct hires. “A very good example of this would be Procter & Gamble, which is experimenting by mixing borrowed resources from external talent marketplaces with their own internal recruits,” he says. “And the results have been very positive: projects have been developed with higher quality and faster pace. So companies need to redesign their contracts with people, to provide jobs that will allow [employees] to pursue their passions.” Closely related to the first trend is the fourth, which is designing technology for humans. This entails understanding human behavior, says Palpallatoc, with the help of data analytics, which could be gathered using AI. “Every application, customer interaction generates data, [which allows one] to see people’s preferences, wants, needs. These can be used to tailor technology according to one’s behavior,” he adds. Lastly, Palpallatoc emphasizes that companies should also keep in mind “the uncharted”—inventing new industries and new technology standards. “Sixty-eight percent of the executives which we surveyed said regulations, especially in the area of technology, had not kept pace with the changes,” he says. “Here in the Philippines, the most relevant experience we’ve had was the entry of Uber and Grab. So we’re seeing that technology leaders have also become pioneers, redefining standards in different industries.” play_circle_filled Duterte confirms existence of DDS during martial law March 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte to CA: Allow Gina Lopez to present her mining stance March 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Nationwide smoking ban to include indoor cigarette use, says Palace March 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Palace: There was a 'certain attempt' to influence Duterte financially March 07, 2017 TAGS: Accenture’s 2017 Technology Vision (Tech Vision), technology For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Woman’s leg gashed in mall escalator mishap March 6, 2017 entertainment WATCH: ‘PH President’ punched by US official in TV series March 7, 2017 newsinfo Senators doubt credibility of Lascañas March 7, 2017 globalnation 8 PH universities listed among Asia’s best June 14, 2016 newsinfo Lacson: I got info ‘dance instructor’ of Duterte sister alive March 6, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
