Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Procter & Gamble Co. Has Changed in the Last 3 Years Even a $230 billion business can surprise investors with quick strategic shifts. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Mar 6, 2017 at 6:59PM Procter & Gamble's (NYSE:PG) almost 200-year business history is a testament to its stodgy but powerful business model. The last few years, though, have produced a change of pace that shareholders might more reasonably expect from tiny upstarts -- not a $230 billion titan that was incorporated in the 1800s. Let's look at a few of the biggest differences between the consumer goods giant today and in fiscal 2013. Smaller portfolio Procter & Gamble is a far smaller company today. It counts just 65 brands across 10 consumer goods categories, compared to 166 in 2013. Most of the sold or discontinued product lines were small, but a few, like Duracell batteries, constituted major franchises. The multiyear brand shedding process, which management called P&G's biggest transformation in its history, has accelerated a sales dip brought on by a weak industry and minor market share losses. Revenue in fiscal 2016 was $65 million, down 12% from the $74 million mark it achieved in 2013. The brand shedding helps to explain why sales have fallen at a much sharper pace than those of its rivals. Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB) competes against P&G in the key diaper category and has endured a more modest overall revenue slump. PG Revenue (TTM) data by YCharts. Yet P&G is happy with the strategic results so far, since the smaller portfolio is both easier to manage and more profitable. More profitable Despite the smaller sales base, P&G is producing roughly the same level of earnings today. In other words, it has grown significantly more profitable. Operating earnings last year amounted to $10 billion, compared to $10.3 billion in 2013. After accounting for the revenue drop, core operating margin is up by 2 full percentage points since that time to just below 22% of sales. Image source: Getty Images. P&G is ahead of most peers on this key metric, thanks mainly to an efficiency program that's squeezed billions of dollars out of its expense structure. Better still, executives are targeting a further $10 billion of savings through fiscal 2021 using aggressive moves that include reducing head count and manufacturing sites and simplifying the production process for all its brands. Less dominant market position P&G's market share has decreased across its core categories in each of the last three fiscal years. Part of that awful result can be tied to circumstances well outside of the company's control. After all, P&G was more severely exposed than rivals to geographies that suffered economic slowdowns lately, including Venezuela, Brazil, and Ukraine. Also, P&G dropped the ball in a few key competitive areas. It wasn't quick enough to respond to competitive attacks in the razor industry, for example, and thus lost share at both the value end of the market and to subscription-based rival Dollar Shave Club. Ultimately, organic sales rose by just 1% last year, and even that disappointing result was only possible thanks to price increases, given that P&G's sales volume fell. The company's business model relies on its ability to outpace the industry in overall growth. Its failure in this fundamental area is the best single reason why the stock has trailed the market and rivals over the last few years. The stock's performance ahead will depend on whether management was right in claiming that its portfolio reboot will lead to faster growth and more sustainable profits. Based on the early data, investors have some good reasons to be encouraged. P&G is on pace to meet its long-term earnings growth outlook in 2017 after posting a 2% decline in each of the last two fiscal years. Its competitive losses are moderating, too, which could power significant gains for investors -- if the trend puts the smaller, more focused company back in position to soak up market share. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Article Info Mar 6, 2017 at 6:59PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $90.37 down $0.13 (-0.14%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $133.33 down $0.32 (-0.24%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Why Procter & Gamble Co. Gained Only 6% in 2016 What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? 5 Things to Know Before You Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current How Procter & Gamble Co. Has Changed in the Last 3 Years @themotleyfool #stocks $PG, $KMB
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 32 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 7, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 7, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 32 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Logitech gets ready to roar at tech industry giants By AARON RICADELA Bloomberg News First Published 1 hour ago    •    Updated 1 hour ago Single page Share This Article Since Bracken Darrell took over Logitech International four years ago, the company's stock has quadrupled on robust sales of snazzy PC accessories that complement products by the likes of Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, and Google. As Darrell plots his next move, those heavyweights are starting to look more like competitors than partners. Darrell's goal: tying together TVs, appliances and voice-controlled devices -- an area many of the globe's biggest tech companies are trying to crack. "They want to be at the center of connected homes but you've got to sleep with one eye open" because erstwhile allies may well become rivals, said IDC analyst Jonathan Gaw. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Darrell insists the new strategy won't be a dramatic change from the way Logitech has long operated. Its keyboards, wireless mice, and neighborhood-rattling speakers have always fit into the larger PC market, and in newer, faster-growing categories, Darrell has sought to make his offerings work with those of tech giants. Logitech's UE Boom speakers understand Apple's Siri and Google Now, its remotes use Amazon's Alexa to control everything from TVs to lights and heating, and its accessories can turn iPads into mini-laptops. Even as he pushes deeper into the smart home, Darrell says Logitech can find niches that will be profitable without raising the ire of the industry's leaders. "There's no way these big players are going to want to be in every little puddle around their operating systems," says Darrell, 55, slouched in an Eames-inspired chair in Logitech's "Innovation Center" at the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, a top Swiss technical university with long ties to the company. "We've always been in categories where the big players are." To fund that strategy, Darrell aims to wring maximum profits from his PC mouse and keyboard business, which racks up sales of almost $1 billion a year with gross margins approaching 50 percent. That will let him enter new areas such as voice-controlled devices, video collaboration, and augmented-reality games. Investors will get an outlook for the fiscal year that starts in April at a meeting with Logitech management March 7 in New York. Tavis McCourt, an analyst at Raymond James in Nashville, praises Darrell for turning around a company that was "really struggling to define what it was." McCourt says he expects Logitech to develop keyboards for internet-connected TVs and a device that might take voice commands for home automation, like Amazon's Echo and Google's Home. The big hitters have a massive advantage over Logitech, which has historically been better at commercializing others' inventions than developing its own. Logitech, whose revenue is forecast to reach $2.2 billion this year, devotes less than $150 million annually to research and development. Microsoft last year spent about $12 billion, Google $14 billion, and Amazon $16 billion. That could make it tough for Logitech to build products with enough sophistication to command premium prices, said Torsten Sauter, head of Swiss Research at broker Kepler Cheuvreux. "The smart home looks difficult" for Logitech to crack, Sauter said. "They have no software, no ecosystem. Logitech is much more a design company than a tech company." Darrell joined Logitech after four years at Whirlpool and stints at General Electric and Procter & Gamble, where he ran Braun, the German maker of high-design shavers and clocks. His predecessor had been ousted in 2011 after profit cuts and a $34 million writedown for the Revue, a keyboard for Google TV. Darrell says the company had lost its focus on design. "We had let our products slip and were just making black plastic," Darrell said. While revenue was largely flat in Darrel's first three years as he focused on cutting costs and shutting down or selling less-profitable businesses, retail sales this year are expected to grow at least 12 percent excluding currency fluctuations. More important, profit has more than tripled under Darrell. Darrell says he can succeed by stressing design and marketing to create hits like the UE Boom speakers, as well as novelties such as a "silent" mouse and a wireless dock for phones that lets users toggle between typing on their PC screen and smartphone. And Logitech has a long tradition of buying its way into new categories. The company in 2008 purchased Ultimate Ears, now its UE division, which represents 15 percent of Logitech's sales and is growing at 25 percent annually. Last year, Darrell paid $50 million for Jaybird, a Utah startup that makes wireless headphones for runners, and he agreed to buy Saitek, a maker of mock steering wheels and airplane sticks for gamers, for $13 million. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Mormon leader Dallin Oaks points to 'aggressive' Trump, climate change as 'big worries' New planets raise old religious questions E.J. Dionne: Trump has gone completely through the looking glass BYU basketball: Cougars suffer another humiliating defeat to Saint Mary's Utah Jazz: Defense leads 88-83 win over New Orleans ELEVATE Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   5 Reasons Why Family River Rafting is the Best Way to Escape   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
ABOUT / TODAY IN HISTORY / DAYTIME / CASTING NEWS / SPOILERS / PRIMETIME / WEB SERIES / NOVELAS / POLL / RATINGS / FLASHBACK The Bold and the Beautiful / Days of our Lives / General Hospital / The Young and the Restless Today in Soap Opera History (March 6) Posted by Roger Newcomb 1979: One Life to Live's Karen Wolek confessed her past on the witness stand in one of the most memorable scenes in soap opera history. "All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity that the dry, shrivelled kernel scarcely compensates for the trouble of cracking the nut." ― Anne Brontë in "Agnes Grey" "Today in Soap Opera History" is a collection of the most memorable, interesting and influential events in the history of scripted, serialized programs. From birthdays and anniversaries to scandals and controversies, every day this column celebrates the soap opera in American culture. On this date in... 1927: William J. Bell, iconic soap opera writer and producer who co-created The Young and the Restless and The Bold and the Beautiful, was born. He died on April 29, 2005 at age 78. To read some early articles on Bell and his wife Lee Phillip, click here and here. 1966: On Another World, Lee Randolph (Gaye Huston) informed Pat Matthews that she was taken with [Guiding Light's] Hope Bauer and enjoyed being with Hope's father, Mike Bauer, more than anyone she's ever known. 1979: On Ryan's Hope, Roger Coleridge (Ron Hale) tried to comfort this sister, Jillian (Nancy Addison), who begged to receive shots for her pain more often. Later, Jillian later bribed an orderly to bring her pain pills. Thanks to Jennifer for sending in the item above. 1979: On One Life to Live, Karen Wolek (Judith Light) admitted her past as a prostitute on the witness stand. Viki Buchanan (Erika Slezak) was on trial for murdering Marco Dane (Gerald Anthony). 1979: On Another World, John Randolph (Michael M. Ryan) died in a fire at Alice's cottage. 1980: On The Edge of Night, Draper (Tony Craig) was taken to state prison. 1984: On Guiding Light, Beth (Judi Evans) and Lillian (Tina Sloan) met with a girl who was being abused by a family member, and Mindy fretted about her pregnancy. 1986: On As the World Turns, Bob (Don Hastings) and Kim (Kathryn Hays) agreed to not keep anymore secrets from each other (Douglas Marland was head writer). 1986: On Knots Landing, Abby (Donna Mills) forced Olivia (Tonya Crowe) to tell her the truth after finding a joint in her purse. Meanwhile, Gary (Ted Shackelford) asked Abby for a divorce. 1991: On The Young and the Restless, Nina (Tricia Cast) took out her gun after she overheard David (Michael Corbett) say he was just using her. Douglas Marland 1993: Legendary soap opera scribe Douglas Marland died at age 58. He was head writer of As the World Turns at the time of his death, a position he had held for 8 years. He held previous jobs as the head writer at General Hospital, Guiding Light, The Doctors and Loving. He was also a co-creator of Loving and a writer for Another World. Just 7 weeks after his death, Soap Opera Digest published an article in the April 27, 1993 issue titled "How Not To Wreck A Show" in which Marland laid out the basic rules every soap writer should follow in order to be successful.. How Not To Wreck A Show * Watch the show. * Learn the history of the show. You would be surprised at the ideas that you can get from the back story of your characters. * Read the fan mail. The very characters that are not thrilling to you may be the audience's favorites. * Be objective. When I came in to ATWT, the first thing I said was, what is pleasing the audience? You have to put your own personal likes and dislikes aside and develop the characters that the audience wants to see. * Talk to everyone; writers and actors especially. There may be something in a character's history that will work beautifully for you, and who would know better than the actor who has been playing the role? * Don't change a core character. You can certainly give them edges they didn't have before, or give them a logical reason to change their behavior. But when the audience says, "He would never do that," then you have failed. * Build new characters slowly. Everyone knows that it takes six months to a year for an audience to care about a new character. Tie them in to existing characters. Don't shove them down the viewers' throats. * If you feel staff changes are in order, look within the organization first. P&G [Procter & Gamble] does a lot of promoting from within. Almost all of our producers worked their way up from staff positions, and that means they know the show. * Don't fire anyone for six months. I feel very deeply that you should look at the show's canvas before you do anything. * Good soap opera is good storytelling. It's very simple. 1995: On General Hospital, Felicia (Kristina Wagner) gave birth to Georgianna "Georgie" Jones at Luke's club in a room full of Port Charles residents. Thanks to Enrique for sending in the item above. 1997: Guiding Light began using a shortened 15-second version of the "Hold on to Love" opening sequence that debuted in 1992 Thanks to Na'Vell for sending in the item above. 2001: On The Bold and the Beautiful, Brooke (Katherine Kelly Lang) told Thorne (Winsor Harmon) she had to stop Rick and Amber's wedding, and get Amber out of Rick's life. Celebrating a birthday today are: Joanna Miles (ex-Gerry, The Edge of Night; ex-Linda, A Flame in the Wind; ex-Mary Lou, The Secret Storm; ex-Anne, All My Children) - 77 Anna Maria Horsford (Vivian, The Bold and the Beautiful; ex-Clara, Guiding Light) - 69 Gary Tomlin (ex-Bruce, Search for Tomorrow; Former writer/producer of several daytime soaps, mostly recently Days of our Lives) - 67 Jacklyn Zeman (Sophia, The Bay; Bobbie, General Hospital; ex-Bobbi, The Edge of Night; ex-Lana, One Life to Live) - 64 Connie Britton (Rayna, Nashville; ex-Vivien, American Horror Story; ex-Tami, Friday Night Lights) - 50 Moira Kelly (ex-Mandy, The West Wing; ex-Karen, One Tree Hill) - 49 Andrea Elson (ex-Debbie, The Young and the Restless) - 48 Erica Shaffer (ex-Tamar, Days of our Lives) - 47 Melanie Silver (ex-Maxie, General Hospital) - 28 Max Lucero (ex-Brady, Days of our Lives) - 25 EDITOR'S NOTE: If you would like to submit a soap history entry for this date or a future date, email editor@welovesoaps.com.Today in Soap Opera History (February 2) Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Categories: As The World Turns, Birthdays, Douglas Marland, Friday Night Lights, General Hospital, History, Judith Light, One Life to Live, The Edge of Night, The Young and the Restless, William J. Bell No comments: Post a Comment Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) CONTACT WE LOVE SOAPS: Roger Newcomb - roger@welovesoaps.com Kevin Mulcahy Jr. - kevin@welovesoaps.com           Search We Love Soaps Featured Post Longtime 'Another World' Star Michael M. Ryan Dead at 87 Michael M. Ryan debuted on NBC soap opera Another World during the show's first year on the air. Actor Michael M. Ryan, who played ... Popular Posts Longtime 'Another World' Star Michael M. Ryan Dead at 87 Michael M. Ryan debuted on NBC soap opera Another World during the show's first year on the air. Actor Michael M. Ryan, who played ... Soap of the Week Poll (February 27-March 3, 2017) It is time to vote in our new Soap of the Week reader poll! Vote for the daytime drama, actor, actress and couple that were your favorite... Today in Soap Opera History (March 1) 1954: A daytime TV version of One Man's Family premiered. 1984: Knots Landing's Cathy screamed as Gary was "murdered".... Today in Soap Opera History (March 3) 1980: Edge of Night's Draper was sentenced. 1981: GH's Sarah raised Jeff's suspicions. 1986: Y&R's John confronte... Soap of the Week Results (February 20-24, 2017): 'General Hospital' Tops Poll For 13th Straight Week General Hospital was voted favorite soap opera of the week. The results are in from the We Love Soaps "Soap of the Week" pol... Arianne Zucker Leaving 'Days of our Lives' as Nicole Walker In our February 27 'Today in Soap Opera History' column , we mentioned the 19th anniversary of Arianne Zucker joining NBC soap oper... FLASHBACK: Joan Crawford Takes Daughter's Soap Opera Role 1968 (Updated With Audio!) Joan Crawford Takes Daughter's Soap Opera Role by Robert Windeler New York Times October 23, 1968 Joan Crawford, the 60-year-old ... Soap Opera Spoilers - Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers - Days of our Lives Spoilers - General Hospital Spoilers - Young and the Restless Spoilers Translate Powered by Blogger.
