WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Q&A Seeing the Beauty in Ugly-Duckling Stocks Legendary fund manager Don Yacktman has delivered great results by investing in "old technology" and other value names. By Dimitra DeFotis Biography May 8, 2012 Don Yacktman defies those who say stock picking is a fool's game. His two main funds, the Yacktman Focused Fund (ticker: YAFFX) and the Yacktman Fund (YACKX), were the leading performers among large-cap value funds over the past decade, with roughly 11% annualized returns that handily outpaced the Standard & Poor's 500 index. ... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Jeremy Grantham: Why Donald Trump Won Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. PayPal Has Big Plans for Venmo Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Good and Bad of the Coming Trump Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Warren Buffett's $2.95 Breakfast 2 Amazon is Disrupting a New Industry 3 ​Dow 20,000: Why You Shouldn't Get Excited Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Highbridge Capital Management LLC Invests $13,667,000 in InterXion Holding N.V. (INXN) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $14,245,000 Position in Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS) Owens Corning Inc (OC) Position Increased by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (TD) Position Increased by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Decreases Stake in Eversource Energy (ES) Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $925,000 Stake in Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Stake Raised by Moors & Cabot Inc. Capital World Investors Continues to Hold Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Stevens First Principles Investment Advisors Reduces Position in Procter & Gamble Co. (PG) January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Stevens First Principles Investment Advisors decreased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) by 3.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 10,161 shares of the company’s stock after selling 345 shares during the period. Stevens First Principles Investment Advisors’ holdings in Procter & Gamble Co. were worth $912,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in PG. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co. by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 167,926,302 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,218,321,000 after buying an additional 3,029,476 shares during the last quarter. Capital World Investors raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co. by 0.7% in the second quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 53,097,172 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,495,738,000 after buying an additional 376,640 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co. by 5.5% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 37,893,606 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,208,452,000 after buying an additional 1,964,364 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co. by 1.1% in the second quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 23,158,248 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,960,808,000 after buying an additional 249,455 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Cohen & Steers Inc. raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co. by 10,454.9% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 20,623,882 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,473,320,000 after buying an additional 20,428,486 shares during the last quarter. 67.27% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) traded up 3.25% during trading on Friday, hitting $87.45. 22,944,405 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $84.40 and its 200 day moving average price is $85.93. Procter & Gamble Co. has a 12 month low of $76.56 and a 12 month high of $90.33. The firm has a market capitalization of $234.02 billion, a PE ratio of 23.33 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) last released its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.02. The company earned $16.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $16.79 billion. Procter & Gamble Co. had a net margin of 16.27% and a return on equity of 17.95%. Procter & Gamble Co.’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.04 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co. will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Friday, January 20th will be paid a $0.6695 dividend. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.06%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 71.66%. WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/stevens-first-principles-investment-advisors-reduces-position-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. PG has been the topic of several research reports. Vetr raised shares of Procter & Gamble Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $93.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Stifel Nicolaus lowered shares of Procter & Gamble Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their price objective for the stock from $88.00 to $86.00 in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co. and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, January 2nd. Jefferies Group set a $93.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co. and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, November 21st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $98.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Friday, October 14th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $89.07. In related news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of Procter & Gamble Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,300,197.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 0.35% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Procter & Gamble Co. The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News HSBC, P&G, Heineken: Business news in brief Bank said to be cutting 100 senior staff around the world; Fairy-liquid maker reports sales increase; Brewer in discussions with Kirin to buy Brazilian business Ben Chapman Monday 23 January 2017 07:53 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Heineken said it’s in talks with Kirin Holdings over the Japanese brewer’s unprofitable Brazilian business HSBC cutting around 100 senior banking jobs globally HSBC has begun cutting around 100 senior jobs in its investment banking division worldwide this week, according to sources. The cuts affect bankers at managing director and director level in the lender’s Global Banking and Markets division, the sources said, declining to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter. “We review on an annual basis performances across Global Banking & Markets and make appropriate changes to strengthen and grow the business,” a spokesman for the bank said in an emailed statement. The cuts at HSBC follow those made by the lender’s Global Banking division in May as the business, led by former Goldman Sachs banker Matthew Westerman, looks to reduce costs. Westerman, tipped by some insiders as a potential future HSBC chief executive, has made sweeping changes including cutting the jobs of dozens of senior bankers and restructuring the entire division. Investment banks often trim jobs in January, as bosses review staff performance to decide how increasingly thin bonus pools should be allocated and which weaker performers they are prepared to let go. Bankers in London, HSBC’s global headquarters, face uncertainty as the company seeks to anticipate the consequences of Britain’s exit from the EU. HSBC chief executive Stuart Gulliver said on Wednesday the bank could relocate staff responsible for generating around a fifth of its UK-based trading revenue to Paris. Reuters Profits up at P&G P&G, maker of Fairy liquid and Pampers nappies, reported better-than-expected quarterly sales and profit, helped by demand for its healthcare products. Shares of the company, which raised its fiscal 2017 forecast for organic sales growth, were up 2 per cent before the bell on Friday. P&G has been shedding unprofitable brands as it focuses on core brands, including Tide and Gillette, to boost sales. The company sold 41 of its brands last year, including Clairol and CoverGirl, to Coty for $12.5bn (£10.15bn).  Cincinnati-based P&G said its core earnings per share, which excludes restructuring charges and other items, was $1.08 (88p), in the last quarter. Analysts expected a profit of $1.06 per share. Net income attributable to the company rose to $7.88bn (£6.39bn), or $2.88 per share, from $3.21bn, or $1.12 per share, a year earlier. The latest quarter included a gain from discontinued operations, including brands sold to Coty. Net sales of $16.85bn came in ahead of Wall Street estimates of $16.77bn. “Stronger top-line performance in the first half of the fiscal year is enabling us to increase our organic sales growth outlook for the full year,” chief executive David Taylor said in a statement. P&G said it expects organic sales to grow 2 to 3 per cent, up from its previous forecast of around 2 per cent. Reuters Heineken in talks with Kirin to tackle Brazil Heineken said it’s in talks with Kirin Holdings over the Japanese brewer’s unprofitable Brazilian business. A deal could create a stronger rival to market leader AB InBev. Kirin is nearing an agreement to sell the maker of Schin beer to the Dutch company for about $870m (£787m), The Nikkei newspaper reported Friday, a price that would be less than a quarter of the $3.9bn it paid for the business in 2011. Tokyo-based Kirin confirmed the discussions but declined to comment on The Nikkei report. Heineken is seeking to capitalise on an expected rebound in the world’s third-largest beer market, which has endured a tough few years due to a consumer slump and rising inflation. Combining Kirin’s 12 per cent share with Heineken’s 7 per cent would bring the Dutch company closer to AB InBev, which controls almost two-thirds of the market, according to Jefferies. “We believe that there would be significant synergies from combining Heineken and Kirin’s business,” Jefferies analyst Edward Mundy said in a note. “Heineken ownership in Brazil would lead to a more rational pricing environment.” Kirin has engaged in heavy discounting in the South American country, where it expects to post a record 9.5bn yen loss for 2016. Heineken shares rose 0.8 per cent to €71 (£62) in Amsterdam on Friday.  Bloomberg Fox Biscuits owner reveals offer received Fox’s Biscuits could be about to be gobbled up after its owner, the food mogul Ranjit Boparan, disclosed that an offer has been received for the company. The tycoon’s holding company, Boparan Holdings, said that it has received a preliminary approach for the brand, which trades as Northern Foods Grocery Group. It added that any formal offer would value the biscuit brand “in the region of £350m”, but cautioned that there is “no certainty” that a transaction will proceed. The name of the bidder was not disclosed. Mr Boparan’s 2 Sisters Food Group acquired Northern Foods, which also houses Goodfella’s Pizzas, for £342m in 2011. Known as the “Chicken King” because of 2 Sisters’ stake in poultry, Mr Boparan has been heavily involved in deal-making over the past 12 months. Last year he snapped up turkey meat producer Bernard Matthews from private equity group Rutland Partners in a pre-pack administration. In a similar vein his restaurant arm, which houses Harry Ramsden’s fish and chip shop, snapped up Ed’s Easy Diner. The Giraffe chain is also a relatively new member of Boparan Restaurant Holdings, having been bought from Tesco for an undisclosed amount in June. PA London home presales slump to four-year low  Sales of London homes under construction last year dropped to the lowest level since 2012, leaving developers with a record number of unsold properties. Purchases of homes currently being built fell 22 per cent to 20,700 from a year earlier, according to a report by Molior London. The number of unsold properties that are under construction surged 14 per cent to 25,139 units in the period, the highest since the researcher began collating data in 2009, the report shows.  London’s residential real estate market is being buffeted by headwinds ranging from near-record prices to higher sales taxes and uncertainty surrounding the terms of the UK’s exit from the EU. Home values in the British capital fell for eight consecutive months through November with central luxury properties declining the most, according to LSL Property Services and Acadata. “Stubborn affordability issues still persist in London” and are affecting the wider market, said Faisal Durrani, head of research at broker Clutton. “The drop in the pound is something that international buyers are watching, but those investors focus on London’s most prime locations.” The pound has fallen about 17.4 per cent since the Brexit vote. Bloomberg BNP executive fired on US request gets £300,000 from bank One of the 13 executives required to leave BNP Paribas SA as part of a 2014 settlement for violating US sanctions sued the bank for €6m euros (£5.2m) over his dismissal. He was awarded €360,000 (£311,000). Dominique Remy, former head of structured finance for the French lender’s corporate and investment bank, told an employment tribunal in Paris that he had been unfairly dismissed in 2014. Remy’s bid to recoup a £780,000 bonus for 2013 and £1m in deferred compensation for previous years was rejected. BNP agreed three years ago to plead guilty to US sanctions violations and pay almost $9bn after admitting it processed that same amount between 2004 to 2012 in banned transactions involving Sudan, Iran and Cuba. As part of the settlement, New York’s top banking regulator said it required the bank to refrain from employing people including Remy and Georges Chodron de Courcel. Bloomberg More about: Jeineken Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas (LUKE MACGREGOR) (LUKE MACGREGOR) STARS AND DOGS The Globe’s stars and dogs for the week Add to ... John Heinzl - INVESTMENT REPORTER The Globe and Mail Published Friday, Jan. 20, 2017 6:18PM EST Last updated Friday, Jan. 20, 2017 6:18PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn A humorous look at the companies that caught our eye, for better or worse, this week:   NETFLIX (STAR) If people are so starved for time these days, how is it they can spend countless hours on the couch watching Netflix? Shares of the world’s biggest video-streaming service surged to a new high after the company added a record seven million subscribers globally in the fourth quarter, up from growth of 3.6 million in the second quarter. With Netflix’s earnings of 15 cents a share topping estimates, investors are enjoying the show. NFLX (Nasdaq), $138.60 (U.S.) up $4.90 or 3.7% over week PROCTER & GAMBLE (STAR) You might say Procter & Gamble investors got Pampered when the company’s quarterly results caused a rising Tide for the stock that was Head & Shoulders above the Gain for other companies. With organic sales growing across all of its product segments, P&G posted a 4-per-cent jump in core earnings per share even as negative foreign currency trends continued to hit its bottom line. Investors are reaping a nice Bounty. PG (NYSE), $87.45 (U.S.) up $3.44 or 4.1% over week CSX (STAR) Money-saving tip No. 749: Instead of buying a plane ticket to your favourite destination, sneak into a rail car and enjoy the trip absolutely free. Of course, if you’d bought shares of CSX, you could afford to fly first-class. Shares of the railway operator – said to be one of the industry’s least-efficient – soared on news that outgoing CP Rail boss Hunter Harrison is teaming up with activist investor Paul Hilal to shake up CSX. Choo choo! CSX (Nasdaq), $44.33 (U.S.) up $5.53 or 14.2% over week TARGET (DOG) Now we know what Target got for Christmas: a big lump of coal. Hurt by “early season sales softness and disappointing traffic,” the retailer said same-store sales fell 1.3 per cent in November and December – the latest chain to report disappointing holiday results. With Target cutting its sales and earnings guidance for the fourth quarter that ends in late January, investors are heading for the checkout lines. TGT (NYSE), $64.10 (U.S.) down $6.09 or 8.7% over week WAL-MART (STAR) How to curry favour with the new U.S. president: 1) Dust off some plans that were already in the works before the election; 2) Issue a news release touting how many U.S. jobs these plans will create; 3) Let the incoming president take all the credit. For Wal-Mart – which announced that it aims to create 10,000 U.S. jobs this year – getting on Donald Trump’s good side led to a jump in the discounter’s shares. Unfortunately, like Trump’s approval ratings, the rally later fizzled. WMT (NYSE), $67.18 (U.S.) up 5¢ or 0.07% over week Report Typo/Error Follow John Heinzl on Twitter: @johnheinzl NFLX-QNetflix Inc Latest Price$142.45 +3.49 (+2.51%) PG-NProcter & Gamble Co Latest Price$86.72 +0.12 (+0.14%) CSX-QCSX Corp Latest Price$48.06 -0.54 (-1.11%) TGT-NTarget Corp Latest Price$63.70 -0.47 (-0.73%) WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$65.66 -1.07 (-1.60%) Updated January 27 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Stars and Dogs The Globe’s stars and dogs for the week STARS AND DOGS The Globe’s stars and dogs for the week The stars and dogs of 2016 Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing Investor Newsletter Little effort, big returns; REIT picks; and how many stocks you should own globe drive Montreal auto show is ‘first real electric-car’ exhibition as Quebec leads charge The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season News Mike Pence addresses Washington anti-abortion rally News Trump says he hopes for 'fantastic relationship' with Putin News Visit the Costa Rican holiday spot where Manitoba's premier spends his working vacations ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor At 36, single mom reaches debt-free goal. ‘It feels really good’ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ How to make big returns by doing nothing, REIT picks, and the number of stocks you should really own Trump suspends entry of Syrian refugees indefinitely GM to cut 625 jobs at Ontario plant, union says X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.S. Stocks Gain After Inauguration; Consumer Shares Increase by Joseph Ciolli @JoeCiolli More stories by Joseph Ciolli January 20, 2017, 10:21 AM EST January 20, 2017, 4:09 PM EST U.S. stocks rose as an increase in crude oil spurred gains in energy companies. The benchmark index pared earlier gains as President Donald Trump delivered his inauguration address. Consumer staples shares climbed as Procter & Gamble Co. reported quarterly earnings that topped estimates. The S&P 500 Index added 0.3 percent to 2,271.29 at 4 p.m. in New York as the Dow Jones Industrial Average increased 95 points to 19,826.97, led by a 3.7 percent gain in shares of Merck & Co. Both gauges rose after declining more than 0.3 percent on Thursday. Eight of 11 industry groups higher Telecom shares rise 0.9 percent, led by AT&T Inc., which signed up new pay-TV customers for the first time in seven quarters thanks entirely to its new live online video service VIX declined 9.2 percent, its first loss in four days Analysts estimate profit at S&P 500 companies rose 4.3 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016, and see profit jumping 12 percent this year The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index decreased 0.4 percent. The gauge declined for a fourth straight week General Electric Co. fell as much as 2.9 percent, biggest intraday decline since Sept. 9, after missing fourth-quarter sales estimates Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help

null
null
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 21 January 2017 | MYT 10:00 AM Impact of job-stealing robots a growing concern at Davos Huge challenge: Robotics, driverless cars, artificial intelligence and 3D printing will put more types of jobs at risk. Pictured is a Davos attendee with SARA, a socially aware robot assistant. — Reuters DAVOS: Open markets and global trade have been blamed for job losses over the last decade, but global CEOs say the real culprits are increasingly machines. And while business leaders gathered at the annual World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos relish the productivity gains technology can bring, they warned this week that the collateral damage to jobs needs to be addressed more seriously. From taxi drivers to healthcare professionals, technologies such as robotics, driverless cars, artificial intelligence and 3D printing mean more and more types of jobs are at risk. Adidas, for example, aims to use 3D printing in the manufacture of some running shoes. "Jobs will be lost, jobs will evolve and this revolution is going to be ageless, it's going to be classless and it's going to affect everyone," said Meg Whitman, chief executive of Hewlett Packard Enterprise. So while some supporters of Donald Trump and Brexit may hope new government policies will bring lost jobs back to America's Rust Belt or Britain's industrial north, economists estimate 86 percent of US manufacturing job losses are actually down to productivity, according to the WEF's annual risks report. "Technology is the big issue and we don't acknowledge that," Mark Weinberger, chairman of consultancy EY, said on Thursday, arguing there was a tendency to always blame trading partners. The political backdrop is prompting CEOs to take more seriously the challenge of long-life training of workforces to keep up with the exponential growth of technological advances. "I think what we're reaching now is a time when we may have to find alternative careers through our lifetime," Microsoft chief executive Satya Nadella told Reuters. Over the last decade, more jobs have been lost to technology than any other factor, and John Drzik, head of global risk at insurance broker Marsh, expects more of the same. "That is going to raise challenges, particularly given the political context," Drzik, who helped compile the WEF report, said. Compared to clamping down on immigration by tightening borders, dealing with the impact of technology destroying jobs is something that is perhaps even less easily controlled. For while many advanced technologies remain more expensive than low- or medium-skilled labour in the near term, the shift is likely to accelerate as costs come down. Widening gap Technological advancements require governments, businesses and academic institutions to develop more educated and highly skilled workforces, executives in Davos said. But this shift to skilled workers also widens the income gap and fuels growing inequality. Jonas Prising, CEO of staffing firm ManpowerGroup, noted that US unemployment is only about 2% to 2.5% among college-educated people but 9% or 10% among those with low or no skills. "The idea that we would ban automation as part of an evolution within the manufacturing industry, is not really part of the discussion," Prising said. He pointed to policies in countries like Denmark and Italy, where there is a focus on employability of workers. "If we don't own responsibility (for the problem of displaced workers), it's only going to get bigger," Procter & Gamble Chief Executive David Taylor said. Brawn and brain The scope of the employment risk from what the WEF calls the "fourth industrial revolution" which "blurs the lines between the physical, digital, and biological spheres" is unclear. A University of Oxford study in 2013 said nearly half of US jobs were at risk, while in 2015 Forrester Research predicted a net loss of only 7% by 2025, as some lost jobs will be replaced with new ones. Forrester predicts that by 2019, one-quarter of all job tasks will be offloaded to software robots, physical robots, or customer self-service automation. Even the corner office may not be safe. "CEOs feel reasonably confident we are not going to be replaced by artificial intelligence," Inga Beale, CEO of the Lloyd's of London insurance market, said. "But I'm sure there will be a time!” —  Reuters You May Be Interested SocGen expects French online banking consolidation Chinese Lunar New Year ticket snatching apps raise hackles AppDynamics deal shows buyouts more lucrative in anemic IPO market Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Trump signs order to keep out some refugees, prioritise Syrian Christians Hearing aid maker seeks feedback via national hearing survey Captain Morgan rescues Leicester in FA Cup draw with Derby advertisement Latest News China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 Most Viewed in Tech Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Chinese Lunar New Year ticket snatching apps raise hackles China girlfriend rental app gets leg up from Lunar New Year demand Hong Kong securities brokers hit by cyberattacks, may face more PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings STMicro to supply iPhone 8 parts? Facing huge writedown, battered Toshiba decides to sell part of memory chip business Data centre growth drives Intel's fourth-quarter revenue, profit beat Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
BUSINESS Stock market steadies as Trump gets down to business Stocks Richard Drew / Associated Press Stocks rose in choppy trading on the first day of Donald Trump's presidency. Stocks rose in choppy trading on the first day of Donald Trump's presidency. (Richard Drew / Associated Press) James F. PeltzContact Reporter When Donald Trump took the presidential oath Friday, the stock market was trading modestly higher with the Dow Jones industrial average up 97 points. Prices then moved in choppy fashion as traders kept glancing at televised views of Trump’s inauguration in Washington. “It certainly was an all-eyes-on event,” said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. By the closing bell, the Dow had gained 94.85 points to 19,827.25, and that was enough to snap the Dow’s string of five consecutive losing sessions as Wall Street headed into the weekend holding its collective breath over what President Trump will do next. “Every decision on trade, on taxes, on immigration, on foreign affairs will be made to benefit American workers and American families,” Trump said in his inaugural speech, which also included his oft-repeated pledge that his policies would be governed by “buy American and hire American.” Stocks soared to record highs in the six weeks after Trump’s election Nov. 8, with the Dow trading less than one point from the 20,000-point milestone on Jan. 6. But the “Trump rally” then ran out of steam as initial elation over his blueprint for business-friendly policies began fading, and investors took profits on their post-election gains. “The euphoria got ahead of itself,” said Jerry Braakman, chief investment officer of First American Trust. Even so, stocks remain near record levels. And now that Trump is in the White House, the stock market is at a crossroads as investors mainly focus on three things: early concrete steps Trump takes on taxes, trade, fiscal stimulus and other economic matters; the trend of inflation and interest rates; and the level of quarterly profits being reported by corporate America. “Earnings are the key to the 2017 stock market outlook,” Burt White, chief investment officer of LPL Financial, said in a recent note to clients. Analysts’ earnings estimates bode well for stocks to further extend last year’s solid gains as well as the overall bull market in share prices that’s now lasted for several years. “We expect earnings growth in the mid- to high-single digits in 2017, well above the flat earnings of 2016,” White forecast. The Dow Jones industrials surged 13.4% last year in large part because the famed average of 30 blue-chip stocks jumped 7.8% between Trump’s election and New Year’s Day. The Dow’s record high close of 19,974.62 was set Dec. 20. The broader Standard & Poor’s 500 index gained 9.5% last year and set a record high of 2,276.98 on Jan. 6. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index rose 7.5% last year and reached an all-time record 5,574.12 on Jan. 13. Leading the Dow industrials Friday were drugmaker Merck & Co. and consumer products giant Procter & Gamble Co., both of which gained more than 3%. International Business Machines Corp. rose 2.2%. The S&P 500 gained 7.62 to 2,271.31 on Friday, while the Nasdaq composite rose 15.25 to 5,555.33. Trump’s call during his campaign for corporate and individual tax cuts, less regulation, more infrastructure building and a tougher U.S. stance on trade were key reasons why the market rallied after the election. His call for the repatriation of billions of dollars of profits that U.S.-based firms hold overseas also was seen as a bullish prospect for stocks. Sectors enjoying big gains after Trump’s election included banks and other financial services firms thought to benefit from less regulation, along with industrial and materials companies that could benefit from more federal infrastructure spending. But it still unclear how — and how soon — those efforts will play out. “We’re all keeping an eye on the first 100 days” of Trump’s presidency, Hogan said. Even if Trump takes action relatively soon, it could take time for those moves to find their way to corporate coffers, analysts said. “The potential economic impact of reduced regulations, higher infrastructure spending and tax reform seems unlikely to be felt until 2018,” Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management, said in a research report this week. In the meantime, Trump has shown he can still quickly move markets. His complaints on Twitter about certain automakers, defense firms and others have sent their stocks briefly lower. After he called the U.S. dollar “too strong” last week, the dollar fell against other major currencies. The bond market is speculating that the fiscal stimulus, and a stronger economy, could mean more inflation and higher interest rates. That’s a key reason why the yield on the 10-year Treasury note has jumped to 2.46% as of Friday from 1.85% when Trump was elected. The Federal Reserve Board lifted its benchmark short-term interest rate a quarter point last month, to a range between 0.50% and 0.75%, and the central bank is expected to lift rates further this year if the economy appears robust enough. But even as investors grapple with questions about Trump’s actions and the fallout, they still might be in the mood to bid stock prices higher based on how the companies currently are performing, Braakman said. “Good companies with good earnings are still going to do well,” he said. “The politicians don’t control everything.” West Texas intermediate, used as a benchmark to price U.S. crude, gained $1.05, or 2%, to $52.42 a barrel. Brent crude, the international benchmark, rose $1.33, or 2.5%, to $55.49 a barrel. Wholesale gasoline increased 3 cents to $1.57 a gallon, heating oil gained 3 cents to $1.65 a gallon and natural gas slipped 16 cents to $3.20 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar fell to 114.31 yen from 114.80 yen on Thursday. The euro increased to $1.0707 from $1.0659. The British pound rose to $1.2378 from $1.2337. Gold declined $3.40 to $1,204.90 an ounce, silver slid 3 cents to $17.03 an ounce, and copper dropped a penny to $2.63 a pound.  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. james.peltz@latimes.com Twitter: @PeltzLATimes Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump NASDAQ S&P Dow Jones Indices Trump signs order to temporarily shut nation's door to most refugees and start 'extreme vetting' Double killing at Chinese social club rattles Chinatown Epic rains and snow help the 'inland sea' of Sacramento roar back to life Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 56°
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB Riverhounds - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Kevin Gorman News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Stocks edge higher, snapping a 5-day losing streak for Dow The Associated Press | Friday, Jan. 20, 2017, 7:09 p.m. A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in Manhattan, New York City, Jan. 19, 2017. a Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Materials companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Friday, recouping much of the market's loss from a day earlier and snapping a five-day losing streak for the Dow Jones industrial average. Another crop of encouraging company earnings news helped lift the market, but investors were mostly focused on events in Washington as Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th president of the United States. The major stock indexes pulled back slightly as Trump delivered remarks after taking the oath of office. Among topics of particular interest to Wall Street, the speech touched on trade and the Trump administration's intention of protecting the United States from “the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies and destroying our jobs.” “The market is still embracing the Trump agenda, based on the market's reaction to the speech,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. “Now the question the market has is, specifically, what does all of that mean in terms of trade?” The Dow rose 94.85 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,827.25. The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 7.62 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,271.31. The Nasdaq composite index added 15.25 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,555.33. Despite Friday's gains, the three major stock indexes ended the week lower. Stocks have slowed in 2017 after surging for several weeks following Election Day on investor optimism that a Trump administration and Republican Congress would usher in business-friendly policies. But the possibility of increased tariffs or trade restrictions has also loomed as a potential drag in profits for big U.S. companies. “Historically, the market has performed best in the November-April time frame,” said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA Research. “The Trump victory added a tailwind to this traditional seasonal factor.” Typically, stocks don't do well on inauguration day. Going back to 1928, the S&P has averaged a drop of 1.05 percent on inauguration days, according Bespoke Investment Group. Beyond the presidential transition in Washington, investors pored over the latest batch of corporate earnings Friday, bidding up shares in companies that reported results that beat Wall Street's expectations. Skyworks Solutions jumped 13 percent, the biggest gainer in the S&P 500. The stock climbed $10.21 to $88.67. Citizens Financial Group gained $1.09, or 3.1 percent, to $35.82. Traders also drove up shares in Procter & Gamble after the consumer goods maker released a strong growth forecast. The stock added $2.75, or 3.2 percent, to $87.45. Strong subscriber numbers helped lift AT&T, giving a boost to phone company stocks overall. AT&T added 45 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $41.45. Some companies' earnings failed to impress the market. General Electric slid 2.2 percent after the conglomerate reported fourth-quarter revenue that fell short of analysts' forecasts. The stock gave up 68 cents to $30.53. Investors sold off Bristol-Myers Squibb after the drugmaker said it won't pursue accelerated regulatory approval for a two-drug lung cancer treatment. The stock was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500 index, shedding $6.26, or 11.3 percent, to $49.23. Major stock indexes overseas were mixed Friday. Germany's DAX rose 0.3 percent, while Britain's FTSE 100 fell 0.1 percent. France's CAC 40 added 0.2 percent. In Asia, Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 0.7 percent after the Chinese government said the economy grew at a 6.8 percent annual rate in the last quarter, even as full-year growth increased 6.7 percent, the weakest in three decades. Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index rose 0.3 percent. Bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note held steady at 2.47 percent. Yields have been rising as investors expect inflation to increase. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 114.31 yen from Thursday's 114.80 yen. The euro rose to $1.0707 from $1.0659. The British pound edged up to $1.2378 from $1.2337. More Business Labor secretary nominee's company outsourced jobs Genes may help grocery tomatoes catch up to heirloom taste Dow blows through 20,000 milestone Huntington Bank parent reports growth in profit Business Gallery — Oct. 16 TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Bed linens filled with mold blamed for deadly crisis in UPMC report Steelers notebook: Report: League will look into Bell injury reporting Slaying of Ben Avon teen latest tragedy to strike family Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Women's march, inauguration protests and crushed Super Bowl dreams (Jan. 17 - Jan. 22) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Handmade red hats raise awareness for heart health The long, slow effort to get a 350,000 pound GE turbine from N.Y. scientist co-invents better Zika test After 10 years, N.Greenbush 4 & 43 project to begin News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Trump order targets refugees, immigrants Warnings of rising hatred at ceremony March for Life groups rejoice in new leadership Human cells grown in pigs embryos Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Chrome, Arrogate meet for big prize UAlbany basketball set for road game at Hartford Woods fails to make cut in return NYSPHSAA implements pitch counts for high school baseball Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Businessman accused of attacking Muslim 2 charged with tickets scam State taxpayers kick in $500k to support Beech-Nut demolition Small drops, slow day Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Good things to do for the week ahead People on the news: Spencer gets a pudding pot Arts Talk: News in brief 24 things to do this weekend Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Sipping: Wine pick of the week Where to get a cup of coffee in the Capital Region Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives CHS Lady Blue Devils B-Ball face Shaker @ home & EGB wknd N.Y. scientist co-invents better Zika test UUP: Repeal of ACA would be ‘perfect storm’ for SUNY Faso to GOP colleagues: Don’t defund Planned Parenthood in TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Gillen, Carney top Schenectady County 2016 earners ShopRite coming to N. Greenbush Van Rensselaer Square Letter: Small businesses boost economy in Adirondacks Amid the marching multitudes Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog From hard-luck experience an app for renters was borne LA's latest growth spurt hits $250 million High & Low House of the Week: Brick Colonial in Albany Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings ShopRite dollar doubler coupons in today’s Times Union What to buy in February Price Chopper: Free Muuna Cottage Cheese and Chobani drink with Grab a free $5 VUDU movie streaming credit (all new and existing MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Dow-snaps-losing-streak-10872879.php Dow snaps losing streak Traders focus on inauguration, plans that favor businesses Associated Press Published 7:28 pm, Friday, January 20, 2017 Materials companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Friday, recouping much of the market's loss from a day earlier and snapping a 5-day losing streak for the Dow Jones industrial average. Another crop of encouraging company earnings news also helped lift the market, but investors were mostly focused on events in Washington as Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th president of the United States. The major stock indexes pulled back slightly as Trump delivered remarks after taking the oath of office. Among topics of particular interest to Wall Street, the speech touched on trade and the Trump administration's intention of protecting the U.S. from "the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs." "The market is still embracing the Trump agenda, based on the market's reaction to the speech," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "Now the question the market has is, specifically, what does all of that mean in terms of trade?" The Dow rose 94.85 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,827.25. The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 7.62 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,271.31. The Nasdaq composite index added 15.25 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,555.33. Despite Friday's gains, the three major stock indexes ended the week lower. Stocks have slowed in 2017 after surging for several weeks following Election Day on investor optimism that a Trump administration and Republican Congress would usher in business-friendly policies. But the possibility of increased tariffs or trade restrictions has also loomed as a potential drag in profits for big U.S. companies. "Historically, the market has performed best in the November-April time frame," said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA Research. "The Trump victory added a tailwind to this traditional seasonal factor." Typically, stocks don't do well on inauguration day. Going back to 1928, the S&P has averaged a drop of 1.05 percent on inauguration days, according Bespoke Investment Group. Beyond the presidential transition in Washington, investors pored over the latest batch of corporate earnings Friday, bidding up shares in companies that reported results that beat Wall Street's expectations. Some companies' earnings failed to impress the market.General Electric slid 2.2 percent after the conglomerate reported fourth-quarter revenue that fell short of analysts' forecasts. The stock gave up 68 cents to $30.53. Traders drove up shares in Procter & Gamble after the consumer goods maker released a strong growth forecast. The stock added $2.75, or 3.2 percent, to $87.45. Strong subscriber numbers helped lift AT&T, giving a boost to phone company stocks overall. AT&T added 45 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $41.45. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription for $39 StackSocialPosted 1 day 15 hr ago SHOP NOW Art3d 12x12" Peel and Stick Backsplash for $5 + free shipping WalmartPosted 15 hr 21 min ago SHOP NOW Quill Winter Brewing Event: Up to 60% off + free shipping w/ $45 QuillPosted 7 hr 56 min ago SHOP NOW Sur La Table Clearance Sale: Up to 75% off + free shipping w/ $59 Sur La TablePosted 11 hr 2 min ago Most Popular 1 Alberto Martinez, soldier acquitted of killing superiors, dies 2 Traffic Alert: GE, State Police moving massive turbine Friday 3 State Police: Drunken driver flips car, injures passenger in... 4 House of the Week: Brick Colonial in Albany 5 Weapon threat at Rensselaer County school prompts scare 6 Photos: What lies beneath Empire State Plaza 7 A.M. Roundup: Pushback on Trump’s immigration plans View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
