Normangee Star Finance Market Industry Companies People Contacts About Our staff Contacts Terms of use Privacy Most Recent Stock Movements: The Procter & Gamble Company’s (PG) 02.04.2017 Madeline Patrick 0 Comment The Procter & Gamble Company (PG) stock price escalated 0.30% to finalize at $90.76 throughout previous buying and selling session. The Procter & Gamble Company (PG) has a market capitalization of 231.62 Billion. Developed by J. Welles Wilder, ATR is an indicator that measures volatility. The RSI oscillates between zero and 100. Movements above 70 are interpreted as indicating overbought conditions; conversely, movements under 30 reflect oversold conditions. The Procter & Gamble Company (PG) is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Personal Products. Vetr upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.80 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. While 1 stand at overweight and 2 out of pool consider it as Sell for current month. The price targets are usually acts as the boosters or blasters in the performance of stock. They now have a Dollars 102 price target on the stock. They now have a United States dollars 85 price target on the stock. When we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is at 0.84% whereas Month Volatility is at 0.86%. The Company has 2562.12 million shares outstanding and 2442.42 million shares were floated in market. They now have a Dollars 85 price target on the stock. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.33% of the company’s stock. The difference between Actual EPS and Estimated EPS was 0.02 Percent. The stock was assessed in terms of profitability as current quarter EPS estimate trends showed $0.40 at current month while compared with $0.41 in a month ago. The Procter & Gamble Company has a consensus outperform rating from 22 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares now sold short amount to at least 1.64% of shares outstanding. The difference between the expected and actual EPS was $0.02/share, which represents an Earnings surprise of 1.9%. It is the “top line” or “gross income” figure from which costs are subtracted to determine net income. The Procter & Gamble Company (PG) now has a High Price Target of $102. Stock is now moving with a positive distance from the 200 day simple moving average of approximately 5.95%, and has a solid year to date (YTD) performance of 8.8% which means the stock is constantly adding to its value from the previous fiscal year end price. Bearish revenue estimates established at $15.41B while the bullish revenue forecast has been figured out at $15.97B. There are advantages to using a moving average in your trading, as well options on what type of moving average to use. Receive News & Ratings Via Email – Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts’ ratings with MarketBeat.com’s FREE daily email newsletter. The Company has 52-week high of $92 and 52-week low of $79.1. Shares of The Procter & Gamble Company (PG) are trading -1.35% downward from the 52-week high mark and 17.46% above from the fifty two-week low mark. In ratings table the HRL given BUY ratings by 4 analysts in current phase and 1 analyst suggest it as overweight security. “Ultimately, through all this investigation into the company’s performance the analyst decides whether their stock is a “buy”, sell” or hold”. The stock now has its Annual Dividend of $2.68 and an annual Dividend Yield of 2.96 Percent. Zacks Investment Research also rated the stock with a value of 2.27. Relative strength index (RSI-14) for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) is at 51.49. GA ADV now owns 6,747 shares of the company’s stock valued at $606,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price objective on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Goldman also Downgrade the company to Sell on 9-Jan-17, 2016. 12/22/2016 – Procter & Gamble Company (The) was downgraded to “hold” by analysts at SunTrust. A trend analysis is a method of analysis that allows traders to predict what will happen with a stock in the future. Best time to invest in stock market is when things are on odd side, and it’s not easy how to pick stocks. Looking about the past performance history, the company plunged -0.80% in past week and declined -0.62% in one month. While looking at the Stock’s Performance, The Procter & Gamble Company now shows a Weekly Performance of -0.47%, where Monthly Performance is -0.14%, Quarterly performance is 7.67%, 6 Months performance is 4.94% and yearly performance percentage is 13.13%. ← Gonzaga tops South Carolina to head to first national championship game Investors Checklist Stock: The Procter & Gamble Company (PG) → Recent Posts Mike Hopkins heads out on his own as new coach at Washington Much of Kokomo area remains under tornado watch Indiana Democrat to back Gorsuch nomination to Supreme Court Rob Gronkowski Gets in the Ring for WrestleMania 33 Mission Kashmir: ‘Pick tourism over terrorism’ Copyright © 2017 Normangee Star. All rights reserved. Theme: ColorMag by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Monetary Management Group Inc. Has $1,589,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Bayesian Capital Management LP Invests $2,758,000 in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Takes Position in General Electric Company (GE) Fmr LLC Decreases Stake in International Paper Co (IP) Viacom, Inc. (VIA) Position Maintained by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Has $17,862,000 Position in Regulus Therapeutics Inc (RGLS) Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Shares Bought by Fmr LLC Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Sells 49,878 Shares of DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Position Boosted by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Shares Bought by State Street Corp TETRA Technologies, Inc. (TTI) Position Increased by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Has $590,000 Position in Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Position in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Buys New Stake in Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Buys New Stake in Franklin Electric Co. (FELE) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases Shares of 48,281 Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) 36,776 Shares in Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Position in Extreme Networks, Inc (EXTR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Raises Stake in Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 28,284 Shares of Silver Spring Networks Inc (SSNI) Bayesian Capital Management LP Invests $2,758,000 in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bayesian Capital Management LP acquired a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor acquired 32,800 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,758,000. Procter & Gamble Co accounts for 0.7% of Bayesian Capital Management LP’s holdings, making the stock its 2nd largest position. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 775.6% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 4,562,545 shares of the company’s stock worth $383,723,000 after buying an additional 4,041,486 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth $292,352,000. APG Asset Management N.V. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 71.9% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 5,894,436 shares of the company’s stock worth $529,026,000 after buying an additional 2,465,900 shares during the period. Equity Investment Corp Acquisition Inc bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth $105,370,000. Finally, TD Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 38.3% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 4,371,494 shares of the company’s stock worth $392,342,000 after buying an additional 1,211,300 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 89.85 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $229.70 billion, a PE ratio of 16.46 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52 week low of $79.10 and a 52 week high of $92.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $90.64 and a 200-day moving average of $87.07. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last released its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.04 EPS. Procter & Gamble Co’s quarterly revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/bayesian-capital-management-lp-invests-2758000-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. PG has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $86.00 to $77.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Evercore ISI restated an “underweight” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Vetr downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $87.49 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $95.00 to $90.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $90.73. In other news, CFO Jon R. Moeller sold 3,411 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.21, for a total transaction of $311,117.31. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 23,512 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $90.63, for a total transaction of $2,130,892.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Monetary Management Group Inc. Has $1,589,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Bayesian Capital Management LP Invests $2,758,000 in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Takes Position in General Electric Company (GE) Fmr LLC Decreases Stake in International Paper Co (IP) Viacom, Inc. (VIA) Position Maintained by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Has $17,862,000 Position in Regulus Therapeutics Inc (RGLS) Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Shares Bought by Fmr LLC Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Sells 49,878 Shares of DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Position Boosted by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Shares Bought by State Street Corp TETRA Technologies, Inc. (TTI) Position Increased by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Has $590,000 Position in Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Position in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Buys New Stake in Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Buys New Stake in Franklin Electric Co. (FELE) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases Shares of 48,281 Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) 36,776 Shares in Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Position in Extreme Networks, Inc (EXTR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Raises Stake in Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 28,284 Shares of Silver Spring Networks Inc (SSNI) Monetary Management Group Inc. Has $1,589,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Monetary Management Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 1.2% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 18,893 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 225 shares during the period. Monetary Management Group Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $1,589,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Diversified Trust Co raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.5% in the third quarter. Diversified Trust Co now owns 20,866 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,873,000 after buying an additional 109 shares during the last quarter. Independent Franchise Partners LLP raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 1.9% in the third quarter. Independent Franchise Partners LLP now owns 4,277,830 shares of the company’s stock worth $383,935,000 after buying an additional 81,713 shares during the last quarter. Aviva PLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 3.7% in the fourth quarter. Aviva PLC now owns 1,968,906 shares of the company’s stock worth $165,782,000 after buying an additional 70,171 shares during the last quarter. Northwest Investment Counselors LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.7% in the third quarter. Northwest Investment Counselors LLC now owns 26,536 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,382,000 after buying an additional 196 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Accident Compensation Corp raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 9.9% in the third quarter. Accident Compensation Corp now owns 51,186 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,594,000 after buying an additional 4,606 shares during the last quarter. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 89.85 on Friday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52 week low of $79.10 and a 52 week high of $92.00. The company has a market capitalization of $229.70 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.46 and a beta of 0.64. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $90.64 and its 200-day moving average price is $87.07. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last released its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The company earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.04 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Monetary Management Group Inc. Has $1,589,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/monetary-management-group-inc-has-1589000-position-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. A number of brokerages have recently weighed in on PG. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $101.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $88.00 to $86.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Royal Bank of Canada set a $76.00 price target on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 2nd. Citigroup Inc boosted their price target on Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Vetr downgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $87.23 price target for the company. in a report on Monday, February 27th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $90.73. In related news, CFO Jon R. Moeller sold 3,411 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.21, for a total transaction of $311,117.31. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Marc S. Pritchard sold 47,252 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.14, for a total value of $4,117,539.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 151,643 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $13,214,171.02. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133 over the last three months. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories How Uber uses psychological tricks to push its drivers’ buttons New wave of Kennedys cresting across the country The biggest threat facing middle-age men isn’t smoking or obesity. It’s loneliness. US military should get out of the Middle East Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Google ads E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Richard Vogel/Associated Press/File 2010 Google’s YouTube shares a portion of ad sales with the creators of the content those ads appear against. By Daisuke Wakabayashi New York Times  April 03, 2017 MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. — Over the years, Google trained computer systems to keep copyrighted content and pornography off its YouTube service. But after seeing ads from Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble, and Walmart appear next to racist, anti-Semitic, or terrorist videos, its engineers realized their computer models had a blind spot: They did not understand context. Now teaching computers to understand what humans can readily grasp may be the key to calming fears among big-spending advertisers that their ads have been appearing alongside videos from extremist groups and other offensive messages. Advertisement Google engineers, product managers, and policy wonks are trying to train computers to grasp the nuances of what makes certain videos objectionable. Advertisers may tolerate use of a racial epithet in a hip-hop video, for example, but may be horrified to see it used in a video from a racist skinhead group. That ads bought by well-known companies can occasionally appear next to offensive videos has long been considered a nuisance to YouTube’s business. But the issue has gained urgency in recent weeks, as The Times of London and other outlets have written about brands that inadvertently fund extremists through automated advertising — a byproduct of a system in which YouTube shares a portion of ad sales with the creators of the content those ads appear against. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here This glitch in the company’s giant, automated process turned into a public-relations nightmare. Companies like AT&T and Johnson & Johnson said they would pull their ads from YouTube, as well as Google’s display advertising business, until they could get assurances that such placement would not happen again. Consumers watch more than a billion hours on YouTube every day, making it the dominant video platform on the Internet and an obvious beneficiary as advertising money moves online from television. But the recent problems opened Google to criticism that it was not doing enough to look out for advertisers. It is a significant problem for a multibillion-dollar company that still gets most of its revenue through advertising. “We take this as seriously as we’ve ever taken a problem,” Philipp Schindler, Google’s chief business officer, said in an interview last week. “We’ve been in emergency mode.” Advertisement During the last two weeks, Google has changed what types of videos can carry advertising, barring ads from appearing with hate speech or discriminatory content. In addition, Google is simplifying how advertisers can exclude specific sites, channels, and videos across YouTube and Google’s display network. It is allowing brands to fine-tune the types of content they want to avoid, such as “sexually suggestive” or “sensational/bizarre” videos. It is also putting in more stringent safety standards by default, so an advertiser must choose to place ads next to more provocative content. Google created an expedited way to alert it when ads appear next to offensive content. The Silicon Valley giant is trying to reassure companies like Unilever, the world’s second-largest advertiser, with a portfolio of consumer brands like Dove and Ben & Jerry’s. As other brands started fleeing YouTube, Unilever discovered three instances in which its brands appeared on objectionable YouTube channels. But Keith Weed, chief marketing officer of Unilever, decided not to withdraw its ads because the number of ads appearing with objectionable content was proportionally small. The average $100,000 YouTube campaign runs across more than 7,000 channels, according to the video analytics firm OpenSlate, and Unilever spends hundreds of millions of dollars on YouTube. Also, Google discovered that the ads in question appeared because of a human error in setting safety levels. Weed said it was in Unilever’s best interest to win concessions from Google instead of cutting ties. As part of its new measures, Google agreed to work with outside companies to provide third-party verification about where ads appeared on YouTube. When he broached the idea of independent verification in the past, Weed said, Google executives acted as though he had suggested the company was not trustworthy. He said the issue was not about trust, but about companies being able to “mark their own homework.” ‘No system can be 100 percent perfect. We’re working as hard as we can to make it as safe as possible.’ He said he thought that Google would have agreed eventually, but that “the current situation accelerated their plans.” Google’s efforts are being noticed. Johnson & Johnson, for example, said it had resumed YouTube advertising in a number of countries. Google said other companies were starting to return. For the most part, Google failed to address the issue adequately before because it did not have to; the instances in which ads appeared next to objectionable content happened infrequently and out of view from the broader public. Google said that for many of its top advertisers, the objectionable videos accounted for fewer than one one-thousandth of a percent of their total ad impressions. To train the computers, Google is applying machine-learning techniques — the underlying technology for many of its biggest breakthroughs, like the self-driving car. It has also brought in large human teams (it declined to say how big) to review the appropriateness of videos that computers flagged as questionable. Essentially, they are training computers to recognize footage of a woman in a sports bra and leggings doing yoga poses in an exercise video as safe for advertising and not sexually suggestive content. Similarly, they will mark video of a Hollywood action star waving a gun as acceptable to some advertisers, while flagging a similar image involving an Islamic State gunman as inappropriate. Google used a similar approach in the past to create an automated rating system for videos, similar to movie ratings, based on appropriateness of content for specific audiences. But Google is now trying to solve a different problem. “Computers have a much harder time understanding context, and that’s why we’re actually using all of our latest and greatest machine learning abilities now to get a better feel for this,” Schindler said. Armed with human-verified examples of what is safe and what is not, Google’s computer systems break down the images of a YouTube video frame by frame, analyzing every image. They also digest what is being said, the video’s description from the creator, and other signals to detect patterns and identify subtle cues for what makes a video inappropriate. The idea is for machines to eventually make the tough calls. In the instances when brands feel that Google failed to flag an inappropriate video, that example is fed back into the system so it improves over time. Google said it had already flagged five times as many videos as inappropriate for advertising, although it declined to provide absolute numbers on how many videos that entailed. With more than a billion videos on YouTube, 400 hours of new content being uploaded every minute, and 3 million ad-supported channels on the platform, Schindler said it was impossible to guarantee that Google could eradicate the problem completely. He made a comparison to how a car company could not promise that even a new tire would never fail in the first 10,000 miles. “No system can be 100 percent perfect,” he said. “But we’re working as hard as we can to make it as safe as possible.” Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:00pm Mon 3 April Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Innovation the driver for FMCG growth By Janetta Mackay 4:00 PM Monday Apr 3, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Retail Trade Retailing Antoine Brun, managing director Procter & Gamble Australia and New Zealand. Photo / Supplied Sales growth in supermarkets depends on improving shopper experiences and growing categories, says the new managing director of Procter & Gamble New Zealand and Australia, Antoine Brun. Price competition alone will not deliver lasting results, he says. "If you don't bring innovation to the market you don't get sustainable growth." Adding promotions simply saw the competition do the same, whereas driving category growth involved convincing customers to spend more and delivering something they wanted to re-purchase. The FMCG industry spoke too much about price only, he maintained. Retailers, distributors and brands needed to work together, with a more "consumer-centric" focus. Shoppers expected efficient, uncluttered and more experiential offerings if they were not to take their dollar elsewhere. "Retailers here have strong positions, but it is just a matter of time before others arrive," he told the Herald. The P&G veteran moved to Sydney from Europe four months ago and spent last week familiarising himself with the company's $100 million New Zealand business. The set-up here differs markedly from Australia, where the once cosy landscape dominated by rival supermarket companies has been disrupted by the arrival of cost-cutters Aldi from Europe and Costco from the United States and the strong presence of discount pharmacy chains Priceline and Chemist Warehouse. Online incursions are another issue, with Brun saying brands needed to ensure they were well represented across all channels. Within the supermarket sector, it was vital to better align media, in-store and online promotions to maximise their impact. Brun said New Zealand shoppers were sophisticated, with strong environmental awareness, as expressed in an interest in naturals. Supermarkets which recognised these trends would merchandise accordingly. The days of brands claiming blocks of shelf space for a big range of their products, were counter-productive to delivering what consumers wanted, being the convenience of shopping by categories, with, for instance, all natural shampoos grouped together for ease of selection. Continued below. Related Content Your Views: Readers' Letters Watch NZH Local Focus: Rotorua scheme helping young apprentices to aim high Government asks for advice on charging for freshwater following public campaign Other lifestyle trends seeing a shift in sales patterns, included the casualisation of men's grooming. Shavers were now supplemented with trimmers, for the many men who sported second-day or beyond beard growth. Encouraging an up-sell, from say a basic razor, could be done with smart shelf displays. These would increasingly include "lift and learn" technology, where an explanatory video would be triggered when a customer picked up an item. Devices that gave a quick read of skin or hair type to help with product choice were also being trialled overseas. A new Oral B electronic toothbrush the company is launching here, included connections that allowed for easy charging via smart devices. A phone-docking station provided bathroom multi-tasking. "Consumers in New Zealand deserve the best innovation and they are ready for it and if we don't bring it, we shouldn't be surprised if they look elsewhere. "We need to get out of that thinking that a small market doesn't deserve." Brun says investment here is justified because while the New Zealand market is small, research shows strong growth potential in per capita spend. After decades of presence, with brands including Gilette, Vicks, Olay, Ambi-Pur, Braun, Head & Shoulders and Pantene, P&G had decided 18 months ago to step up its investment here, he said. Media spend had been doubled, mostly in television, and it had also brought in a new partner distributor, Diplomat NZ. This supply-chain specialist out of Israel, would bring a greater focus and long-term commitment to the local market, than having distribution overseen in-house, by corporate appointees who were often shifted to new roles internationally. Diplomat had 35 staff here already and a mission to work closely with retailers. P&G was planning to use it to bring in new categories and expand existing ranges. With sales currently fairly flat - showing growth around 1 per cent across most categories - driving change was key to success. Early results from a focus on delivering greener Herbal Essence shampoos had been good, said Brun. Tightly controlling inventory and supply were other essentials. Real-time digital reporting of stock on shelf was an exploratory technology that could offer much. As with all innovation, the costs had to be weighed against the benefits. Brun said P&G was committed to a high global research and development spend, because it believed innovation was the way forward. Internationally online sales now accounted for over half of P&G's total business, he said, providing connections to new consumers. But Brun isn't one if those predicting the end to bricks and mortar retailing. He reckons the psychology of shopping is such that consumers will still go into stores - if the environment is right. "Shopping is also a pleasure, an experience, but customers want to find what they want anywhere, any time." The right products, good availability and well positioned was what would woo buyers. "In the future people won't care so much if it's a supermarket or a gasoline station or online." The FMCG industry had to adapt to changing consumer demands. "I love that it's so fast moving," he says of the sector he has worked in for 22 years. The Frenchman, who came to management from a sales background, is relishing being Downunder. His last posting was in Georgia. Getting to grips with country differences, ranging from the concentrated trade landscape of Australia to the less developed market here, is part of the job. One bottom line remains: "We need to win everywhere." - NZ Herald Read more by Janetta Mackay Email Janetta Mackay Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Nominations open to reward unsung heroes in health volunteers You can now nominate health volunteers for an award Hawke's Bay Today Norsewood jump jammers stars of dance craze Norsewood jump jam girls to debut on national DVD. Bay of Plenty Times Opinion: University students need carparking Head of news Sonya Bateson shares her disbelief at no parking for a 392-room hostel. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Autonomous cars will increase your salary says new study New UK study finds more people attend uni and earn more if they have an autonomous car..… Viva Coolest celebrity beauty looks From Katie Holmes to Hailey Baldwin and Chrissy Teigen, be inspired by these beauty looks… True Commercial RECENT DEALS for Saturday, April 1 Paul Charman's recent deals. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 03 Apr 2017 18:19:04 Processing Time: 83ms
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo - 1 minute ago Array 0 See Brands Live-Tweet the NCAA Final Four Yesterday Array 0 Did Tide's Super Bowl Stain Stunt Pay Off? 2 days ago Array 0 Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago Array 0 Coke Takes Over From Pepsi as MLB Sponsor By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago Array 0 Cindy Gallop Doesn't Care What You Think By Ann Marie Kerwin - 32 weeks ago 0 Video: Did Tide's Super Bowl Stain Stunt Pay Off? 2 days ago 0 Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're OK for Brands By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Snapchat's New Search System Sifts Through 1 Million Stories By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong By Andy Ball - 2 days ago 0 Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo - 2 days ago 0 April Fool's 2017: All the Pranks That Are Fit to Print By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 days ago 0 Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong By Andy Ball - 2 days ago 0 Panera's Next 'Clean' Crusade: Calling Out Added Sugars in the Drinks It Sells By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo. Published on April 03, 2017. YouTube is searching for ways out of an abrupt advertiser revolt that has seen some of the world's largest marketers suspend spending with the platform. Credit: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Most Popular Marketers will soon have more options at their disposal when advertising on YouTube, which said that it's working with third-party brand-safety vendors like DoubleVerify and Integral Ad Science to assure marketers that their budgets won't wind up paying for ads on violent, offensive or otherwise unsavory content. YouTube parent Google said it will work with companies that are accredited by the ad industry's Media Ratings Council for new verification tools, but didn't provide an exact timeline for when those tools would be available. The full list of approved partners was also not immediately available. After the rise of fake news sites where marketers were attacked for appearing, companies like DoubleVerify pounced on the opportunity to provide media-agency networks such as GroupM with better brand safety tools. Since press reports of ads supporting terrorist video on YouTube sparked a full-fledged advertiser revolt last month, the focus has shifted. Advertisers including AT&T, Verizon, Pepsi and Procter & Gamble have frozen spending on YouTube because of brand safety concerns. Agency holding companies WPP and Omnicom said they'll provide brand safety tools for marketers so they can still advertise on YouTube, but it's unclear whether or not their clients' concerns have been assuaged. Although Google's move seems like a step toward resolving YouTube's sudden ad crisis, DoubleVerify said it's unsure what's supposed to happen next. "As of yet, we haven't received any details on the solution that they are planning," a DoubleVerify representative said. Related Stories The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands The move comes nearly two weeks after YouTube Chief Business Officer Philipp Schindler said the company would be conducting an extensive review regarding its advertising policies and tools. Mr. Schindler publicly apologized shortly after reports that major brands had their ads run on offensive or extremist content on YouTube. A Google representative told Ad Age its recent move is an integration and not an API that any outside vendor can use, meaning that its brand safety tools will be separate from WPP and Omnicom's offerings. Further information was not immediately available. In this article: Ad Tech Digital Digital Video Mobile Programmatic Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Monday, April 3, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News China Finds the Way to Trump Is Through His Son-in-Law By MARK LANDLER Jared Kushner is deeply involved in China relations, including preparations for a visit this week by President Xi Jinping. His role reflects the highly personal and bluntly transactional relationship between the United States and China, a risky strategy, experts say. Kushner Visits Iraq With Joint Chiefs Chairman 10:34 PM ET Disclosures Show Trump’s Staff Mixed Politics and Paydays By STEVE EDER, ERIC LIPTON and ANDREW W. LEHREN 9:02 PM ET As cash has flooded Washington from a variety of groups, even the anti-establishment activists and operatives who sided with President Trump have been enriched. Here’s What Administration Officials Are Worth The Disclosures: Highlights Another Democrat Lends Support to Gorsuch Nomination By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT and NOAH WEILAND 8:49 PM ET Joe Donnelly of Indiana is the third Senate Democrat to back the nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, but Republicans are still five Democratic votes short of breaking any filibuster. In Ohio County That Backed Trump, Fear Over Housing Cuts By YAMICHE ALCINDOR Some people in Trumbull County say they will suffer if home-repair, rental-assistance and other programs are eliminated as Mr. Trump has sought. Changes in Policing Take Hold in a Dangerous City By JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN It’s a sort of Hippocratic ethos: Minimize harm, and try to save lives. And in Camden, N.J., residents are noticing the results. 3:28 A New Tactic in Camden: Patience By ROBIN LINDSAY and JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN Bill O’Reilly Thrives as Harassment Settlements Add Up By EMILY STEEL and MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT About $13 million has been paid out over the years to address complaints from women about the behavior of Mr. O’Reilly, Fox News’s top asset, who denies the claims have merit.  Comments The Daily 360 1:27 Selfie Lessons From a Chimp Sam Wolson for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. How Uber Uses Psychological Tricks to Push Its Drivers’ Buttons The start-up has undertaken an extraordinary experiment in behavioral science to subtly entice an independent work force to maximize company revenue. By NOAM SCHEIBER Your Monday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:58 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Smarter Living Trilobites How Ancestral Climates May Have Shaped Your Nose By STEPH YIN A study led by Penn State researchers found more evidence of the relationship between nose shape and the climate where a person’s ancestors lived. Watching What’s New This Month on Netflix, Amazon and More By MONICA CASTILLO Find the best new movies and TV shows to stream on Netflix, Amazon Prime, Hulu and HBO in April. The Playlist: Mary J. Blige Sings of Self-Empowerment, Kendrick Lamar Raps About Power By JON PARELES, JON CARAMANICA and GIOVANNI RUSSONELLO Hear the new music that caught our critics' attention this week: tracks from Mavis Staples, Jonathan Coulton, Calvin Harris and more. Bryce Dessner, James McAlister, Nico Muhly and Sufjan Stevens Saturn Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Kendrick Lamar Humble. Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Calvin Harris, Young Thug, Pharrell Heatstroke Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Aldous Harding Imagining My Man Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Yellow Claw, Juicy J and Lil Debbie City on Lockdown Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Jonathan Coulton All This Time Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Christian Scott aTunde Adjuah and Elena Pinderhughes The Coronation of X. aTunde Adjuah Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Thomas Rhett and Maren Morris Craving You Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Cam'ron 10,000 Miles Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Mary J. Blige and Kanye West Love Yourself Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify ❮ ❯ Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Video by JOANNA NIKAS. Photo by An Rong Xu for The New York Times Style on Taipei’s Streets: A Brando Look and a Lot of Berets During a month in Taiwan, the photographer An Rong Xu captured a bustling city with an array of looks influenced by modern-day street style, Parisian cafe culture, the American West, Marlon Brando and 1990s Hong Kong cinema. By AN RONG XU, JOANNA NIKAS and EVE LYONS Hushed Departure Exposes Fault Lines in Met Management By ROBIN POGREBIN After Thomas P. Campbell resigned as director and chief executive, a new light was cast on the power held by a dozen or so people at the Metropolitan Museum of Art with little transparency. Meet the Reporter Spicer Told to ‘Stop Shaking Your Head’ By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM A run-in with the White House press secretary last week has thrust a veteran reporter into a debate over the Trump administration’s attitudes toward gender and race. N.C.A.A. Tournament South Carolina 67, Mississippi State 55 South Carolina Defeats Mississippi State to Win Title By JERÉ LONGMAN 10:53 PM ET As South Carolina won its first women’s basketball title, Dawn Staley became the second African-American coach to win a title since the N.C.A.A. began sponsoring a women’s tournament. N.C.A.A. Men: Gonzaga Earns Chance to Prove Elite Status Rays 7, Yankees 3 On Baseball’s Opening Day, Yankees Stumble Out of Gate By BILLY WITZ After the best spring training in team history, the Yankees lost on opening day for a sixth straight year. Now Batting: 14 New Baseball Books Google Is Training Ad Placement Systems to Be Offended By DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI 12:03 AM ET It’s about context. Google engineers are trying to teach machines to recognize what can be offensive or inoffensive depending on the situation. North Bay Journal Exploited as Children, the Last of the Quintuplets Face a New Indignity By IAN AUSTEN 10:27 PM ET Exhibited in a human zoo in the 1930s, two sisters in Canada have reluctantly re-emerged to discuss the sale of their childhood home. Two Days After Deadline, New York Budget Still Elusive By JESSE McKINLEY 12:34 AM ET With no agreement as of Sunday evening, state legislators could face a pay freeze, but issues like raising the age of criminal responsibility have knotted negotiations. More News Leftist Appears Headed for Presidential Victory in Ecuador Serbia’s Prime Minister Projected to Win Presidency At Least 9 Civilians Killed as Coalition Strikes Taliban Arsenal 20 Are Hacked and Beaten to Death at Pakistani Shrine TV Recaps: ‘Homeland’|‘The Walking Dead’|‘Billions’ The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. Using Art to Transcend Prison Walls A mural class for high-level offenders is part of an initiative by the State of California to bring the arts to all 35 of its adult prisons. ‘The Play That Goes Wrong’ Tilts a Whodunit This knockabout farce from London trades on the perverse comfort of watching things go smash in a safe environment, Ben Brantley writes. A Piano Man of Many Faces Chicken Delicious is a campy, mask-wearing 74-year-old fixture at a bar in Manhattan. How he got there is even weirder. Sunday Review Gray Matter Video Games Aren’t Addictive By CHRISTOPHER J. FERGUSON and PATRICK MARKEY Playing them is normal behavior that at worst is a waste of time. First Day of School. Try Not to Stand Out. By JAKE HALPERN and MICHAEL SLOAN Nadir and Sandra worry about fitting in, getting home and finding a place to pray. Editorial: Pick Your Favorite Ethics Offender On Campus Finding Growth at My Historically Black College By SKYLAR MITCHELL There is something powerful about attending an institution that was built for you.  Comments Bruni: Manhood in the Age of Trump Douthat: Trump Needs a Brain Kristof: In Trump Country, Shock at Trump Budget Cuts, but Still Loyalty User Subscriptions Latino Players Welcome a Baseball Reporter Who ‘Speaks the Same Language’ An Expansive View of a Forgotten People Times Insider » Latino Players Welcome a Baseball Reporter Who ‘Speaks the Same Language’ The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story N.Y. / Region Loving Robo Cat Needs Home Sunday Review Do Millennial Men Want Stay-at-Home Wives? New research indicates a stall, maybe even a retreat, in the movement toward gender equality. N.Y. / Region After Slave Revelations, She Has a New Mission Book Review World War II Fiction: The Home Front Sunday Review Letters: Abortion and the Democrats Times Insider The Times vs. the ‘Great Firewall’ of China Art & Design Viewers, the Dance Floor Is Yours Sunday Review El Salvador’s Historic Mining Ban Officials in El Salvador showed exemplary foresight in banning mining of gold and other metals, writes the Editorial Board. Book Review Charting the Legacy of ‘Les Misérables’ Entertainment My 10 Favorite Books: Viggo Mortensen Opinion First Day of School. Try Not to Stand Out. Your Money Giving Like a Rockefeller, Even if You’re Not Rich Sections World » North Bay Journal: 2 Survivors of Canada’s First Quintuplet Clan Reluctantly Re-emerge 20 Are Hacked and Beaten to Death at Pakistani Shrine Rescuers and Relatives Race to Find Survivors of Colombia Mudslide Business Day » Dyson Is the Apple of Appliances (and Just as Secretive) Google Training Ad Placement Computers to Be Offended How Uber Uses Psychological Tricks to Push Its Drivers’ Buttons Opinion » Op-Ed Contributors: Closing Rikers Island Is a Moral Imperative Editorial: Venezuela’s Descent Into Dictatorship Roger Cohen: Donald Trump’s Parrot U.S. » A Transgender Student Won Her Battle. Now It’s War. Tribes That Live Off Coal Hold Tight to Trump’s Promises Deadline Up, Families Remain in Lead-Contaminated Housing in Indiana Technology » How Uber Uses Psychological Tricks to Push Its Drivers’ Buttons Dyson Is the Apple of Appliances (and Just as Secretive) First Words: None of Us Are Safe From Getting ‘Owned’ Arts » A Hushed Departure at the Met Museum Reveals Entrenched Management Culture No License Plates Here: Using Art to Transcend Prison Walls Review: John Adams’s ‘Gospel’ Displays an Orchestral Wizard’s Tuneful Ear Politics » Jared Kushner Visits Iraq on Invitation From Joint Chiefs Chairman Trump Aides’ Disclosures Reveal Surge in Lucrative Political Work Gorsuch Supreme Court Nomination Gains More Democratic Support Fashion & Style » Styles Q. and A.: The Vin Diesel Formula: Brains, Brawn and Heart Skin Deep: Renée Elise Goldsberry Wears Her Face My Son, My Daughter: A Mother’s Evolution Movies » ‘The Boss Baby’ Bests ‘Beast,’ Barely, as Box Office No. 1 Advertising: The Ad Feels a Bit Like Oscar Bait, but It’s Trying to Sell You an iPhone ‘Moonlight’ Wins at Glaad Media Awards New York » With No Deal, Cuomo Will Ask for Emergency Budget Measures Rikers Island Commission Unveils Plan to Shut Down Jail Complex First New Ferry Arrives in New York, After Detour in Alligator Country Sports » South Carolina Defeats Mississippi State to Win Women’s Title Lexi Thompson Loses L.P.G.A. Major After Surprise Four-Stroke Penalty On Pro Basketball: With Everyone in Tune, Boston Celtics Are a Virtuoso Rebuilding Act Theater » Review: A Mesmerizing ‘Hairy Ape’ Brings Existentialism to Park Avenue Five Must-See Shows if You’re in New York This Month Review: Pathos Times Two: A Double Dose of Inge, in Close Quarters Science » Trilobites: In Poland’s Crooked Forest, a Mystery With No Straight Answer ScienceTake: First Clear View of a One-Celled Harpooner in Action Trilobites: A Mysterious Flash From a Faraway Galaxy Obituaries » Yevgeny Yevtushenko, Poet Who Stirred a Generation of Soviets, Dies at 83 Richard Bolles Dies at 90; Wrote ‘What Color Is Your Parachute?’ James Rosenquist, Pop Art Pioneer, Dies at 83 Television » In AMC’s Western ‘The Son,’ the Novelist Philipp Meyer Lassoes TV Texas TV: From the Sublime to the Ridiculous Watching: The Best TV Shows and Movies New to Netflix, Amazon and More in April Health » F.D.A. Nominee, Paid Millions by Industry, Says He’ll Recuse Himself if Needed Do DHA Supplements Make Babies Smarter? F.D.A. Approves First Drug to Treat Severe Multiple Sclerosis Travel » Where I Live: My Vancouver: An Ever-Unfolding Story Slowing Down, Finding Hidden Paradise on St. John 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Victoria Falls (Zimbabwe Side) Books » Now Batting: 14 New Baseball Books Boom Times for the New Dystopians Essay: Arthur Miller’s Writ Against the Death Penalty Education » Betsy DeVos Calls for More School Choice, Saying Money Isn’t the Answer College Is the Goal. The Problem? Getting There. Supreme Court Rejects Education Minimum Applied by Gorsuch Food » Hungry City: Bangladeshi Flavors Alongside Burgers and Chicken at Neerob A Good Appetite: Carrots, Striking and Sweet, Have Arrived Wine School: Your Next Lesson: Lambrusco Sunday Review » Opinion: How Scared Should People on the Border Be? Editorial: Pick Your Favorite Ethics Offender in Trumpland Frank Bruni: Manhood in the Age of Trump Real Estate » How to Avoid Stress When You’re Moving Exclusive: Tyra Banks’s Mansion in the Sky Is on the Market Ask Real Estate: Dealing with a Mouse Infestation The Upshot » Public Health: Obamacare Choices Could Go From One to Zero in Some Areas Economic View: Caution Signals Are Blinking for the Trump Bull Market Trade Talks: Will Trump Go After Nafta With Tweezers or a Hammer? Magazine » Feature: Trump vs. Congress: Now What? Feature: The High Price of Leaving Ultra-Orthodox Life Feature: Those Indecipherable Medical Bills? They’re One Reason Health Care Costs So Much Automobiles » Volkswagen to Pay 10 States Over Environmental Claims Driven: Video Review: Acura NSX, a Supercar in Almost All Ways Wheels: As Auto Prices Rise, Used Cars Are Looking Shinier T Magazine » Anna Wintour’s Wild Garden Martin Margiela Comes Back Into the Spotlight (Not That He Ever Left) My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Viggo Mortensen Times Insider » Latino Players Welcome a Baseball Reporter Who ‘Speaks the Same Language’ An Expansive View of a Forgotten People Reporting the Reporting, Step by Step Real Estate » Ask Real Estate Dealing with a Mouse Infestation By RONDA KAYSEN Getting rid of mice isn’t easy, but it’s a co-op board’s responsibility if a building becomes infested.  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Specials » Brand-W Commodity picks: 3 April, 2017 Business Standard Unilever, P&G, other companies prepare plan to use digital space Challenge for advertisers is to get brands to talk to consumers in a consistent voice across media Viveat Susan Pinto  |  Mumbai  April 3, 2017 Last Updated at 02:25 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUqkrX The marketing heads of two of the world's largest consumer goods companies Unilever and Procter & Gamble (P&G) had interesting comments to make recently about digital and its impact on brand marketing, giving an insight into how these firms intend to navigate this cluttered and competitive space in the future. Marc Pritchard, P&G's chief brand officer, was candid in his assessment of digital, saying it needed “to grow up” if it had to effectively deal with the issue of ad blocking and a spurt in technology that allowed consumers to skip or avoid ads and ... TO READ THE FULL STORY, SUBSCRIBE NOW AT JUST Rs 149 A MONTH Key stories on business-standard.com are available to premium subscribers only. Already a premium subscriber? LOGIN NOW LOGIN EMAIL / USER NAME PASSWORD REMEMBER ME Forgot password? LOGIN Not a member yet ? Resister Now Connect using any below LOGIN WITH FACEBOOK LOGIN WITH GOOGLE Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Total Amount Rs. 0.00 To proceed, kindly select a subscription package WHAT YOU GET On Business Standard Digital Access your subscription from anywhere. Be it your computer, tablet or smartphone using a browser or the App, Your Choice. Access to exclusive content, features, opinions and comment, hand-picked by our editors, just for you. Pick your 5 favourite companies. Get all the news upates at the end of each day through E-Mail. Pick the industry that you want to track. And get a daily news letter specific to that industry. Cut out the clutter. And stay on top of your investments. Track stock prices in your portfolio Access 18 years of archival data On Digital Seamless access to WSJ.com with your Business Standard digital account. Experience the best of the Journal's reporting, video and interactive features. Read about the people and events shaping business, finance, technology, politics, technology and culture. Stay informed with newsletters - an easy way to get WSJ content straight to your inbox - making life easier on your busiest days. More business executives read the Journal globally than any other publication. *Note : Our Partners are proud to be associated with this initiative and will contribute Rs 100 x 6 months thereafter, standard rate of Rs 149 will be charged. Offer valid for Indian residents only Requires you to share personal information like PAN, Date of Birth, and Income. *Annual saving on WSJ subscription price of US$ 347.88 (12 months @ US$ 28.99 per month) * 1US$ = 67.50 INR. *Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital *Note : Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital. LOGIN Already registered ? Read More On Digital Marketing | Brands | Brand Marketing | Procter & Gamble | P&g | Unilever | Specials | Brand-w PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Unilever, P&G, other companies prepare plan to use digital space Challenge for advertisers is to get brands to talk to consumers in a consistent voice across media Challenge for advertisers is to get brands to talk to consumers in a consistent voice across media The marketing heads of two of the world's largest consumer goods companies Unilever and Procter & Gamble (P&G) had interesting comments to make recently about digital and its impact on brand marketing, giving an insight into how these firms intend to navigate this cluttered and competitive space in the future. Marc Pritchard, P&G's chief brand officer, was candid in his assessment of digital, saying it needed “to grow up” if it had to effectively deal with the issue of ad blocking and a spurt in technology that allowed consumers to skip or avoid ads and ... Viveat Susan Pinto Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Unilever, P&G, other companies prepare plan to use digital space Challenge for advertisers is to get brands to talk to consumers in a consistent voice across media The marketing heads of two of the world's largest consumer goods companies Unilever and Procter & Gamble (P&G) had interesting comments to make recently about digital and its impact on brand marketing, giving an insight into how these firms intend to navigate this cluttered and competitive space in the future. Marc Pritchard, P&G's chief brand officer, was candid in his assessment of digital, saying it needed “to grow up” if it had to effectively deal with the issue of ad blocking and a spurt in technology that allowed consumers to skip or avoid ads and ... Viveat Susan Pinto Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 April 2017 by Military News Top WBENC Consumer Companies Join Together for the First Time in Collective Initiative to Source from Women-Owned Businesses BENTONVILLE, Ark., Mar. 30 /CSRwire/ – Walmart announced today that they are one of nine corporations joining in a collaborative effort to track and report sourcing from self-identified and certified women-owned businesses (WOBs) over the next five years. This marks the first time the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC), the largest third-party certifier of businesses owned, controlled and operated by women in the U.S., will launch a formal initiative to publicly report aggregated spending on WOBs. Walmart helped form this unified front of major corporations, including Campbell Soup Company, The Coca-Cola Company, ExxonMobil, General Mills, Johnson & Johnson, Mondelēz International, PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble, in order to create a more visible movement and raise awareness for the importance of sourcing from women-owned businesses. Walmart made the announcement on behalf of the other companies involved and WBENC at Walmart’s Women’s Economic Empowerment (WEE) Summit in Washington, D.C., a convening of leaders from business, government, NGOs and academia to discuss and celebrate the achievements of women’s empowerment. “Creating economic opportunity and growth is central to who we are as a company,” said Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. “We are proud to be part of this important initiative, and together we can make an even bigger impact in elevating these successful women-owned businesses. Our customers care where products are sourced, and we believe supporting women-owned businesses helps us put innovative products on our shelves while helping these businesses thrive and grow.” “Campbell is proud to join this collaborative effort in order to raise awareness and foster more opportunities for female business owners,” said Denise Morrison, president and CEO, Campbell Soup Company. “One of the core values of our company is to ‘seek the power of different’ and we are committed to assemble a supplier base that reflects the diversity of the consumers and communities we serve.” “Empowering women entrepreneurs and women-owned firms is smart business and smart economics,” said Muhtar Kent, chairman and CEO of The Coca-Cola Company. “Whenever you do the right thing and give businesswomen a real opportunity to compete, this creates a positive ripple effect that allows her to strengthen her company, her family and her community. And stronger families and communities help fuel more growth and opportunity.” “Women and minority-owned businesses are critical to both their communities and our company as they spur economic development and drive growth,” said Irene Rosenfeld, Chairman and CEO of Mondelēz International. “We are proud to support this important initiative, as we continue to strive for inclusion and diversity in our company and women’s empowerment around the world.” „Supporting women-owned businesses and diversity across our suppliers is central to who we are at PepsiCo,” said Indra K. Nooyi, Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo. “Our commitment to diversity is not only a source of pride, it is a source of strength. And it’s part of our broader commitment to what we call Performance with Purpose, our approach to building a healthier, sustainable future for all our stakeholders — from our suppliers to our shareholders to our consumers, customers, employees, and the communities we serve.” „P&G is committed to Gender Equality,” said Carolyn Tastad, group president of P&G’s North America business. „Supplier Diversity has been an important business strategy at P&G in the United States for more than 40 years. We are proud to join this initiative to empower women-owned businesses, as we believe in the power of economic inclusion. When the ownership of our supply base reflects the diversity of our employees, consumers, and stakeholders, our business grows and our community thrives.” “By participating in this initiative, these companies will help fuel innovation and growth for women-owned businesses across the U.S.,” said Pamela Prince-Eason, president and CEO of WBENC. “With women-owned businesses currently supporting the creation or maintenance of 23 million American jobs, investing in their growth means investing in more opportunities for the workforce overall.” The initiative comes at a critical time when women entrepreneurs across a range of countries report having smaller and less diverse networks, leaving them at a disadvantage for growth, innovation and ability to be relevant to a global market (Global Entrepreneurship Monitor). Walmart helped to recruit this initial group of corporations to take part in this initiative and is encouraging others to join as well. This announcement comes on the heels of the culmination of Walmart’s five-year Global WEE Initiative, which included a set of goals to help empower women around the world through sourcing, training and supporting diversity and inclusion. As part of the WEE Initiative, Walmart sourced $20 billion from women-owned businesses in the U.S. and increased sourcing from women-owned businesses internationally. Additionally, in 2014, working with WBENC and WEConnect International, a global network that connects women-owned businesses to qualified buyers around the world, Walmart helped fund the creation of the “Women-Owned” logo which can be used by any woman-owned supplier certified by those organizations at any retailer to highlight their products to consumers. Today, Walmart has more than 1,500 suppliers who identify as women-owned businesses, producing everything from apparel to produce. In addition to participating in this collective initiative, Walmart announced plans to launch a Knowledge Center that will house the key tools, resources, learnings and achievements of the WEE Initiative and help serve as a guide for any company or institution in their work to empower women. For additional details on Walmart’s Global WEE Initiative, visit http://corporate.walmart.com/womensempowerment. About Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Chevron’s False Evidence in Ecuador Pollution Case Presented to U.S. Supreme Court Next PostNext The Joy in Childhood Foundation℠ Announces Three Million Dollar Commitment to Starlight Children’s Foundation and Feeding America® Search Recent Posts Race Oncology Signs Exclusive License Agreement with BL&H Korea for the Sale of Bisantrene, an Agent for Treating Acute Myelogenous Leukemia, in South Korea Internalisation Agreement Reached Interview Peter Praet: Interview with Expansión 【お花見プレゼントキャンペーン】Digiarty社、購入済みの音楽・映画・オーディオブックも転送可能な最新版iPhone管理ソフトWinX MediaTransを無料配布！ 【お花見プレゼントキャンペーン】Digiarty社、購入済みの音楽・映画・オーディオブックも転送可能な最新版iPhone管理ソフトWinX MediaTransを無料配布！ Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 26.6 C Lagos Monday, April 3, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business Liser: CCA Will Help Trump  Re-shape Africa Agenda Liser: CCA Will Help Trump  Re-shape Africa Agenda April 2, 2017 0 731 Ms. Florie Liser Ms. Florie Liser resumed work in Washington DC. January 23 as the first female and third President/CEO of the Corporate Council on Africa (CCA). Liser had earlier shared her vision for Africa as the new pilot in the cockpit with members of the CCA in what she called a new conversation about how America does business with Africa. In this interview with Nduka Nwosu, the former US Trade Representative to 49 African countries restates her already stated convictions on why it is exciting and challenging to work in Africa, her lifelong interest Can we get to know you more as well as your job profile at the Office of USTR?  Absolutely. Good morning and thank you for the congratulations and for the opportunity to interview with THISDAY. For those who do not know me, my name is Florie Liser and I have spent the majority of my career working to grow and improve the US-Africa trade and investment relationship. I was unanimously appointed President and CEO of the Corporate Council on Africa, CCA, by our Board of Directors and I officially began my new role on January 23. CCA is the leading US business association focused solely on connecting business interests in Africa. I joined CCA from the Office of the US Trade Representative (USTR), where I served as the Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Africa since 2003. At USTR, I spearheaded trade and investment policy towards 49 sub-Saharan African nations and oversaw implementation of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA).  Before I became the Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Africa, I worked as the Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Industry, Market Access, and Telecommunications from 2000-2003; served as the Senior Trade Policy Advisor in the Office of International Transportation and Trade at the Department of Transportation from 1987-2000; worked as a Director in USTR’s Office of GATT (General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade) Affairs, and served as an Associate Fellow at the Overseas Development Council (ODC) from 1975-1980.   What is the significance of this appointment about this time especially in corporate America and the global stage where there is an on-going advocacy to see more women occupy vital positions such as the CCA portfolio provides?  I think we are living in an interesting time in history. There are important conversations taking place all over the world right now about globalisation and how we do business internationally. It is a period of change and a time of uncertainty as the new U.S. Administration begins to shape a range of policies that will, no doubt, impact the U.S.-Africa relationship broadly, and U.S.-Africa business engagement specifically. There is also a lot of change happening on the continent as well. There are new presidents in Ghana and the Gambia, and we’ll be watching elections in Kenya, Liberia, Rwanda, and Angola very closely.  There are many challenges and opportunities that U.S. policy should address because we cannot afford to ignore the second fastest growing market in the world. Now, more than ever, is the time for a call to action by the U.S. and African private sector to help shape the Trump Administration’s Africa agenda and policies. CCA, and I as its president, have a vital role to play.   It will be more appropriate to follow this up by asking what are the aims and objectives of the Corporate Council on Africa?  CCA hosted its Annual Membership Meeting earlier this month, and I told our members that my goal for the organization is for CCA to be the most valuable resource for companies and organisations doing business in Africa. It’s a simple, but ambitious goal I have set outfor me and my staff.   Coming from government where you were the US trade representative what synergy will the Council stand to benefit by way of your experience?  There is actually not too much work for me to do in terms of building synergies between CCA and U.S. government agencies. The organization already enjoyed very strong relationships with the U.S. government before I took office, and has a strong reputation for bipartisanship and working with whichever administration is in office. We have hosted former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama and have worked with U.S. agencies relevant to our member companies. I plan to continue this strong tradition and build upon CCA’s work to date.   Since you had earlier keyed in the issue of your vision, will you like to elaborate on this even if informally?  As I previously mentioned, I want this organization to be the most valuable resource for companies doing business in Africa. To accomplish this goal, I plan to focus on four key things at the moment: reorienting the organization to provide more services beyond our events; expanding our footprint on the continent and our reach outside the Washington, DC metro area; growing our membership; and maintaining our critical role as a convener of business stakeholders in Africa and in the United States. In my first 50 days in office, we launched a series of policy workshops called the U.S.-Africa Business Dialogue. These meetings will convene business leaders to make policy recommendations to the new administration for their specific sectors. I also just returned from my first trip to the continent as President and CEO of CCA, where I met with CCA members and other businesses in South Africa and Kenya.   When do you intend to visit Nigeria?  Don’t worry; I intend to visit Nigeria soon. Finally, we will be hosting our flagship conference, the 11th Biennial U.S.-Africa Business Summit on June 13-16, 2016 in Washington, DC. The summit will convene over 1,000 business and government leaders focused on doing business in Africa.   How many Nigerian businessmen and interests are active participants of the CCA?  We have 26 member companies in Nigeria – indigenous and multinationals including leading businesses like Dangote Group, Microsoft, Zenith Bank, ExxonMobil, Heirs Holdings, Procter and Gamble, Adepetun Caxton-Martins Agbor & Segun (ACAS-LAW), Caterpillar and Afro Tourism. About 15% of our member companies are African and it’s our fastest growing demographic within membership. Nigerian companies make up almost 50% of that number.  We are fortunate to have Mr. Aliko Dangote and Mr. Jim Ovia on our Board of Directors and we also have a satellite office in Abuja. Mr. Ekenem Isichei, our Director for West Africa, heads that office.   Can you espouse on your earlier statement that there are many challenges and opportunities that U.S. policy should address because we cannot afford to ignore the second fastest growing market in the world?  Certainly. When CCA was founded in 1993 with a few, passionate members, Africa was in fact largely ignored as a market and viable business opportunity for Americans. Today, Africa is undergoing the most rapid urbanization rate of any region – 1 billion people with 50% under the age of 20; and despite recent changes in the African market, spending by Africa’s consumers and businesses already totals $4 trillion. Africa is also more connected now than ever before as its internet usage has grown at a pace seven times faster than the global average. In addition to having 60% of the world’s uncultivated arable land, the McKinsey Global Institute (MGI) projects that Africa could double its manufacturing output and we have already begun seeing more value-added agricultural and non-oil products entering global markets, including the United States. What this means for U.S. and African business is that there are incredible opportunities for greater and more diversified trade and investment. We must also acknowledge though, that along with these great opportunities, there remain some troubling problems.  There are pockets of high unemployment and poverty, and it is still unnecessarily cumbersome to do business in many countries.   How does the CCA intend to help the Trump Administration in shaping its Africa agenda and policies?  To be frank, there have been a lot of think pieces and talking heads speculating on what the Trump Administration’s policies towards Africa will be, but there have been no official announcements yet. I think there is a link between the administration’s priorities in Africa (such as peace and security) and the continent’s economic development.  CCA is uniquely positioned to “connect the dots” between what is important to the new U.S. Administration and what’s important to U.S. and African businesses – including greater trade, investment, and job creation; and lead a dialogue on the U.S. stake in greater U.S.-Africa economic engagement.   Would you like to talk more on the U.S.-Africa Business Dialogue?  As I mentioned earlier, it will be an on-going series of policy workshops that will bring business leaders and stakeholders together to make recommendations for specific industries. Our first workshops focused on energy and power, agribusiness, technology and infrastructure. These recommendations will be shared with the Trump White House, as well as relevant U.S. government agencies working in those sectors and on those issues.   What is the CCA’s trade policy, and the expectations under your administration?  CCA does not develop trade policies for governments. We do, however, advocate for policies both in the U.S. and on the continent that facilitate U.S.-Africa trade and investment, many of which have an impact on our members’ business and investments. As a convener, we do leverage our connections with regional bodies and governments to ensure the private sector has a voice in policy discussions which are key to building enabling business environments.   How is the CCA helping African countries maximise their energy resources including the ability to supply regular electricity to every household and industry?  CCA primarily works for the private sector, but we recognize that the power deficit on the continent is one of the largest constraints to business. Power and electrification will require an incredible amount of investments over the next few years and I think it will be accomplished through innovative public-private partnerships. In fact, we will be discussing how these partnerships are put together at the CCA Africa Finance Forum on April 20, which is taking place on the sidelines of the World Bank Spring Meeting. CCA has a number of member companies, such as Symbion Power, that are active partners in Power Africa projects.  Power Africa, an initiative of the U.S. government, is bringing together technical and legal experts, the private sector, and governments from around the world to work in partnership to increase the production of electricity in Africa and the number of Africans with access to electricity. Beyond Power Africa, several CCA members are engaged in various power generation initiatives across the continent.   One of your key areas of emphasis is infrastructure development. Would you like once more to get into this conversation?  Similar to energy, infrastructure is also a massive constraint on business growth. In 2011, former President of AfDB announced that it would cost approximately US$90b every year for the next decade to address Africa’s infrastructure deficit. Our infrastructure program at CCA is one of our most active and our members are constantly involved in new deals and projects on the continent. In fact, CCA member, Acrow Bridge, won the U.S. ExIm Deal of the Year award last year for their project supplying bridges to Cameroon.   President Trump has said one of his major emphases would be security, fighting terrorism globally. How is the CCA leveraging into this to benefit members fighting one form of insurgency or the other in the continent?  As I stated, I think there is a link between the administration’s priorities in Africa and the continent’s economic development. A lot of insurgency, especially on the continent, can be linked to poverty and unemployment and the private sector remains the best driver of economic growth and development. Security is also a sector focus at CCA because it affects every facet of business. We are not only interested in supporting CCA member companies that provide security-related equipment, services and training,  we are also interested in how security affects business outcomes in other key sectors such as tourism and infrastructure.   How is the CCA working to increase and enhance the value of agricultural products coming from Nigeria and other African countries especially as primary export items?   Once again, it is important to note that CCA does not itself invest in agricultural production, but rather is working closely with member companies to support investments in African agriculture and agribusiness. CCA has a number of member companies in the agribusiness sector working to modernize African agriculture and boost the sector’s profile so governments recognize that agriculture is in fact, big business. Developing the agricultural value chain and processing and producing more than just raw materials would also enable Nigeria and other African nations to take advantage of duty free access to the U.S. market for those products under the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA).   Would you like to elaborate on your finance programme for African countries and how it has fared till date?  We do not have a finance program for African countries, like the World Bank or IMF; rather, we have a strong finance working group program comprised of CCA member company banks, private equity, investors and business leaders focused on issues relating to raising capital and facilitating business transactions in Africa. Previous articleAkinsanya: SMEs  Face Myriad Challenges Impeding their Growth Next articleDeveloping Skills with Technology Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business NNPC Meets NARTO, Tanker Drivers Today over Strike Business Electricity Supply Drops to 3,800MW Business Benin City, 54 Other Towns Set for Glo Mega Shows 987,785FansLike 734,441FollowersFollow Latest News DSS Clears Saraki, Others over Alleged N310m Theft April 3, 2017 NADECO Never Betrayed Abiola, Say Afenifere, Osoba April 3, 2017 External Reserves Down by $67m as CBN Settles Matured Obligations April 3, 2017 Three Suicide Bombers Die in Failed Borno Attacks April 3, 2017 FG, Shell, Agip to Sign FID for $13.5bn Zabazaba Deepwater Project... April 3, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Sunday 2nd April 2017 April 3, 2017 0 Recent Comments Don Franco on Ndume: Borno Governor Leads Delegation to Plead with Saraki Harry on Tinubu: South-west Solidly behind Buhari Don Franco on Fiddling While Rome Burns joelaw on PDP Caucus Accuses Tinubu, EFCC of Conspiracy to Destroy Senate Don Franco on Fiddling While Rome Burns MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 440 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST DSS Clears Saraki, Others over Alleged N310m Theft April 3, 2017 NADECO Never Betrayed Abiola, Say Afenifere, Osoba April 3, 2017 External Reserves Down by $67m as CBN Settles Matured Obligations April 3, 2017 Three Suicide Bombers Die in Failed Borno Attacks April 3, 2017 FG, Shell, Agip to Sign FID for $13.5bn Zabazaba Deepwater Project... April 3, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 440 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
ABOUT / TODAY IN HISTORY / DAYTIME / CASTING NEWS / SPOILERS / PRIMETIME / WEB SERIES / NOVELAS / POLL / RATINGS / FLASHBACK The Bold and the Beautiful / Days of our Lives / General Hospital / The Young and the Restless Today in Soap Opera History (April 1) Posted by Roger Newcomb 1963: The Doctors premiered on NBC, while General Hospital made its debut on ABC. "All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity that the dry, shrivelled kernel scarcely compensates for the trouble of cracking the nut." ― Anne Brontë in "Agnes Grey" "Today in Soap Opera History" is a collection of the most memorable, interesting and influential events in the history of scripted, serialized programs. From birthdays and anniversaries to scandals and controversies, every day this column celebrates the soap opera in American culture. On this date in... 1963: NBC premiered a new daytime drama, The Doctors, created by the Orin Tovrov. The Doctors did not start as a serial; it began as a "half-hour anthology series of medical dramas, set in the large metropolitan Hope Memorial Hospital, and with the four principals alternating daily in the lead role, according to NBC's original announcement. The roles were Dr. William Scott (played by Jock Gaynor), Dr. Jerry Chandler (portrayed by Richard Roat), Dr. Elizabeth Hayes (played by Margot Moser) and Rev. Samuel Shafer, a hospital chaplain (played by Fred J. Scollay). Later in the first season, Herb Kenwith and Paul Lammers became the directors. After nine months, The Doctors shifted to a continuing story line, and by 1965, James Pritchett was portraying Dr. Matt Powers, chief of staff at Hope Hospital, and Elizabeth Hubbard was playing Dr. Althea Davis, chief of the Outpatient Clinic. Pritchett did a single performance during The Doctors' one-story-a-week phase, on June 20, 1963. "I played a corporation president running away and having a broken back that brought me to the hospital." He returned to The Doctors on July 9, 1963 as Dr. Matt Powers when the serial was still was still a one-story-a-week show. The Doctors would remain on the air until December 31, 1982. Repeats from 1971 are currently airing on Retro TV. 1963: General Hospital, created by Frank and Doris Hursley, premiered on ABC. Read a flashback article recapping the first 12 years of stories here. Original cast members John Beradino (Dr. Steve Hardy) and Emily McLaughlin (Nurse Jessie Brewer) remained with the show for decades. GH was scheduled in the 1 p.m. ET timeslot which was a half hour that CBS gave to local affiliates (a break between The Guiding Light and top-rated As the World Turns). In the very first episode, Angie Costello was distraught about the damage to her face from the accident; Peggy was frustrated when hospital business ruined a night out on the town with her fiancé, Steve Hardy (Beradino); and the tension continued to grow in Jessie (McLaughlin) and Phil’s marriage. 1963: Ben Jerrod, Attorney at Law premiered on NBC and was the first serial to be aired regularly in color. According to The Soap Box's John Genovese, "Its historical significance ends there, because it was yanked the following June 28. A Roy Winsor Production, it starred Michael M. Ryan (now John Randolph on Another World) in the title role of an attorney whose lover jilted him, causing him to take a long look at his life and shed his high-paying position to become a small-town lawyer in a community called Indian Hill. Addison Richards co-starred as his superior, John P. Abbott. Written by William Kendall Clarke, it had great possibilities but fell prey to mismanagement on the West Coast." 1971: Michael Zaslow debuted as Roger Thorpe in The Guiding Light. 1976: On Another World, Rachel (Victoria Wyndham) told Iris (Beverlee McKinsey) no one intended to tell Mac the real reason she married Robert. 1977: On Ryan's Hope, Delia (Ilene Kristen) miscarried Patrick's (Malcolm Groome's) child and concealed it from him. Delia contacted the clinic at Riverside Hospital and spoke with Alicia Nieves (Ana Alicia). The two women became friends and Alicia was unwillingly drawn into Dee's deception. Thanks to Scott for sending in the item above. 1980: On Guiding Light, Roger Thorpe (Michael Zaslow) fell to his death in Santo Domingo, slipping from the hands of his mortal enemy, Dr. Ed Bauer (Mart Hulswit). Guiding Light shot the scenes on location in Santo Domingo along with P&G sister soap, As the World Turns, which taped newly created flashbacks of Barbara and James. 1985: On Santa Barbara, while investigating the murder of Channing Capwell Jr., Detective Cruz Castillo (A Martinez) discovered that Channing's secret lover "Lindsay Smith," had actually been a man and not a woman, as presumed. And after Lindsay (Joel Bailey) explained his past affair with Channing, Cruz correctly surmised that there was far more to the story than the man was admitting. Thanks to FoxCrane for sending in the item above. 1988: On Santa Barbara, Eden Capwell (Marcy Walker) married Cruz Castillo (A Martinez). 1993: General Hospital debuted its "Faces of the Heart" theme and opening. 2009: CBS canceled Guiding Light.  The show, which premiered on radio on January 25, 1937, would air its final episode on September 18, 2009. 2010: Actor John Forsythe, who played Blake Carrington in Dynasty, died at age 92. Celebrating a birthday today are: Jane Powell (ex-Rebecca, Loving; ex-Lisa, As the World Turns) - 89 Don Hastings (ex-Bob, As the World Turns; ex-Jack, The Edge of Night) - 84 Ali MacGraw (ex-Lady Ashley, Dynasty) - 79 Denise Nickerson (ex-Amy, Dark Shadows) - 61 Jennifer Runyon (ex-Sally, Another World) - 58 Traci Lind (ex-Pru, Ryan's Hope) - 52 Jessica Collins (ex-Avery, The Young and the Restless; ex-Dinah Lee, Loving) - 47 Bryan Buffington (ex-Bill, Guiding Light) - 38 Randy Orton (WWE) - 38 Matt Lanter (ex-Liam, 90210) - 34 Josh Zuckerman (ex-Max, 90210; ex-Eddie, Desperate Housewivees) - 33 Jendra Jarnagin (Cinematographer, In Between Men) EDITOR'S NOTE: If you would like to submit a soap history entry for this date or a future date, email editor@welovesoaps.com. Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Categories: Another World, As The World Turns, Ben Jerrod, Birthdays, General Hospital, Guiding Light, History, Ryan's Hope, Santa Barbara, The Doctors, The Edge of Night No comments: Post a Comment Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) CONTACT WE LOVE SOAPS: Roger Newcomb - roger@welovesoaps.com Kevin Mulcahy Jr. - kevin@welovesoaps.com           Search We Love Soaps Featured Post Book Recommendation: Agnes Nixon's 'My Life to Live' I normally wouldn't make a book recommendation only three chapters into a read, but there's a new release that will be the exceptio... Popular Posts 44th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards: Complete List of Nominations The National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (NATAS) today announced the nominees for the 44th Annual Daytime Emmy® Awards. The a... Today in Soap Opera History (March 29) 1962: Search for Tomorrow's Marge was upset when adoption plans fell through. 1982: SFT made its NBC debut. 1982: The first daytim... Today in Soap Opera History (March 30) 1970: A World Apart and The Best of Everything premiered on ABC. Another World spinoff Somerset premiered on NBC. Dark Shadows' ... Longtime 'Another World' Star Michael M. Ryan Dead at 87 Michael M. Ryan debuted on NBC soap opera Another World during the show's first year on the air. Actor Michael M. Ryan, who played ... Soap of the Week Poll (March 20-24, 2017) After a week hiatus, it is time to vote in our new Soap of the Week reader poll! Vote for the daytime drama, actor, actress and couple th... Today in Soap Opera History (March 31) "All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity tha... Today in Soap Opera History (March 27) 1953: Search for Tomorrow's Jo tried to help a mystery patient. 1979: Ryan's Hope's Rae wanted to make Frank jealous. 1989... Soap Opera Spoilers - Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers - Days of our Lives Spoilers - General Hospital Spoilers - Young and the Restless Spoilers Translate Powered by Blogger.
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: Capital Market US Nigeria Council targets more investments Published April 3, 2017April 2, 2017 Share Tweet Pin it +1 A new business organisation, US Nigeria Council, is set to advance diversification, job creation and increased investment in Nigeria. The council said it aimed to create partnerships between Nigerian and American businesses and forge a backbone of strong United States-Nigeria relations. The council was launched on March 15, 2017 at a dinner of leaders of Nigerian and American businesses in Lagos, hosted by the Chairman of Flour Mills Nigeria Plc, Mr. John Coumantaros, and the Chief Executive Officer, Nigeria Sovereign Investment Authority,Mr. Uche Orji. The launch was attended by the US Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr. Stuart Symington; the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Mr. Godwin Emefiele; the US Counsel General, Mr. John Bray; and leaders of Nigeria’s blue chip companies and major US investors. The commitment of Nigerian businesses to USNC was demonstrated by the active participation of Alhaji Aliko Dangote of Dangote Group, Oba Oteduko of Honeywell Group, Jim Ovia of Zenith Bank Plc, Herbert Wigwe of Access Bank Plc, Akinsowon Dawodu of Citibank Nigeria, Adewale Tinubu of Oando Plc, Aigboje Aig-Imoukhuede of WAPIC Plc, Abdulsamad Rabiu of BUA Group and others. The US businesses represented at the launch by senior executives included Dow Chemical Company, Chevron, UPS, Procter & Gamble, ExxonMobil and Uber, Coca Cola and 7Up through their bottlers. Among the leading investors at the event were Emerging Capital Partners, Development Partners International, Greenwish Capital and The Carlyle Group. The council also boasts  young entrepreneurs who have started companies in technology, agri-business, e-commerce and education, including Tomato Jos, Mall for Africa and Andela. The co-host of the launch and co-chair of the council, Coumantaros, while stressing the aim of the council, noted that, “The US Nigeria Council has been formed to bring US and Nigerian businesses together in developing catalytic projects that will develop capacity and accelerate economic diversification in Nigeria.” He added, “This council is unique among councils because it is business-to-business focused.” The council’s work, he reiterated, would aim to develop partnerships, investments, and develop capacity in the agro-allied and food, infrastructure, oil and gas, and technology sectors. Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected] Share Tweet Pin it +1 capital market Investments Market loses marginally, FBN Holdings delays result Nigeria, Angola sales growth drives Shoprite stocks FMDQ settles $354m as forex futures contract matures Nestle Nigeria profit drops by 67% Shareholders get N30bn stranded dividend Cadbury Nigeria reports N562.9m loss Sterling Bank posts N111bn earnings FG bond’ll boost financial inclusion – NSE Trending Rep seeks 20-year jail term for financial crimes Samsung drops Note 7 smartphone for S8 series We’ve reduced gas flaring by 26% – NNPC Tension in Ife as policeman kills youth during clash CBN’s complicity in naira crash Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Funeral set for Cedar Rapids teen killed in crash Iowa water sensors show 2016 uptick in nitrates Hlas: Ten years later, “Masters winner” just part of Zach Johnson’s story Prairie grad Scott Schebler gets 1st MLB opening-day start Allamakee County woman seriously hurt in fall from moving pickup Prairie grad Scott Schebler gets 1st MLB opening-day start Farewell to winter Two people killed in Louisiana mobile home hit by possible tornado Allamakee County woman seriously hurt in fall from moving pickup Disabled or desperate? Rural Americans turn to disability as jobs dry up Apple, Wal-Mart stick with climate promise Decisions come after Trump shaves U.S. policies Video Photo Bloomberg Emissions rise from the Dominion Resources Inc. Mount Storm Generating Station in Mount Storm, W. Va., in January. By Bloomberg News Apr 1, 2017 at 11:02 am | Print View Many of America’s biggest corporations including Apple and Wal-Mart Stores are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts his predecessor’s environmental policies. Companies say their pledges, coordinated by the Obama administration, reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come. “This work is embedded in our business,” Wal-Mart spokesman Kevin Gardner said in an email. It’s “good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win, too.” Wal-Mart was one of 81 companies that promised to reduce emissions in the run up to the 2015 Paris global climate negotiations. The company upped its targets last November, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025. Trump signed an order Tuesday that tells the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to reconsider former President Barack Obama’s climate rules, and rescinds a series of orders Obama issued to embed consideration of climate change in government actions from where to lease buildings to whether to allow oil pipelines to be built. “Most big companies in the U.S. recognize that climate change is real,” Geoffrey M. Heal, a professor at Columbia Business School, said in a telephone interview. “They need to move ahead on the climate change front no matter what Trump’s government does.” Business’s biggest lobbying force supports Trump on this issue. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce welcomed Trump’s order calling that shift “vital to stimulating economic growth.” The group argues that Obama’s regulations held back economic growth, preventing business owners from constructing needed pipelines, roads and other infrastructure. It also warned that the climate push would lead to a jump in energy prices. But many of the group’s members and other corporate titans supported Obama’s Clean Power Plan, or have set their own goals. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer maker, also announced Tuesday that it would get 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025. Nearly 90 companies have made similar pledges, according to the Sierra Club. “We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted,” General Electric’s CEO Jeffrey Immelt, wrote in an internal blog post shared by the company. “We hope that the United States continues to play a constructive role in furthering solutions to these challenges, and at GE, we will continue to lead with our technology and actions.” Mars, the maker of M&Ms, committed to eliminating its emissions entirely by 2040. Andy Pharoah, vice president of corporate affairs, said that Mars is “disappointed the administration has decided to roll back climate regulations.” Technology companies including Apple, Amazon.com, Alphabet Inc.’s Google and Microsoft also expressed their support for Obama’s policies. “We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth,” the companies said in a joint statement after Trump’s order was signed. Other companies, while stopping short of criticizing the Trump administration, said they would keep pursuing lower emissions in their own operations. Procter & Gamble, Nestle Inc., Ikea, Levi Strauss & Co. and Best Buy Co., which all signed the 2015 pledge organized by the Obama administration, said they still intended to honor their commitments. “We will continue to integrate sustainability into our business practices, operations, innovation, brand building and culture,” Damon Jones, a spokesman for Procter & Gamble said. Many energy businesses welcomed Trump’s rollback. The Independent Petroleum Association of America, which represents oil and natural gas producers, joined the Chamber of Commerce in praising his move. So did the National Federation of Independent Business, which challenged the Clean Power Plan in court. “People are going to freeze in the dark because of the destruction of the reliable electric power grid under Obama and the Democrats,” Robert Murray, the president and CEO of coal-mining company Murray Energy Corp. said in an interview. “Mr. Trump is doing the right things.” Some environmental groups cautioned that action from the private sector, wasn’t enough to make up for the pullback in federal policy. “Policy is going to be required to get us where we need to be,” said Karen Palmer, research director at Resources for the Future. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Disabled or desperate? Rural Americans t ... Two people killed in Louisiana mobile ho ... Flynn did not initially disclose income ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking Cubs rally, then fall to Cards to open season urgent SUPER COUPONING SUPER COUPONING: The ‘clipless’ way to organize coupons 18 hrs ago 'Dear Jill, I just started trying to use coupons last month, and I have some questions. I feel like I’m spending too much time cutting coupons out, and then so many of them expire before I use them. I can see why more people don’t do this as it is a huge time commitment. Do you have a better way to streamline this coupon cutting process?” Simone J. Absolutely! If you’re cutting every single coupon out of your newspaper inserts each week, then carrying them all to the store with you, you’re spending far too time and energy. In fact, this cut-and-carry-all method really is the “old way” of couponing. Since 2008, I’ve been teaching consumers a much faster and less labor-intensive method of couponing, which I call the “clipless” method. Instead of cutting every single coupon that comes in the coupon inserts, you’ll only cut the coupons you need for this week’s shopping trip. The next time you plan a trip to the store, you’ll again cut only the coupons for that subsequent trip, and so on. With this method, you’ll save each week’s coupon insert intact, clipping nothing until you need it. Instead of cutting and organizing hundreds of loose coupons, you’ll create a library of coupon insert booklets to refer to each week. How do you know which coupons to use for your shopping trip? Coupon sites and blogs around the country write weekly shopping list that include coupon matchups. Coupon matchups are simple shopping lists that detail items at low sale prices paired with the coupons you need to cut those prices even more. I write weekly coupon matchup lists for seven supermarkets and drugstores, including national chains, on my blog at JillCataldo.com. For example, a coupon matchup might read “[Name-brand] toothpaste is on sale for $1.99. Use the $2 coupon from the 3/5 SS and get it free.” In order to take advantage of this deal, you’d clip that coupon from your inserts, then add it to the coupons you plan to take to the store. The “3/5 SS” is an abbreviated reference that tells you in which insert the coupon is located. In this case, this refers to a coupon in the March 5th SmartSource insert. You’ll also see the RedPlum coupon insert abbreviated as “RP” and the P&G Brandsaver insert abbreviated as “PG.” Get tips on free stuff and fun ideas delivered weekly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Each week, I plan my shopping trips by browsing through each store’s shopping list and selecting the items I wish to buy. Most coupon matchup lists can be printed, emailed, or saved on a smartphone. Then, I cut the coupons that my list is calling for, and this entire process usually takes less than 30 minutes each week – far less time than cutting, organizing, and storing every coupon. You’ll likely notice you’re using coupons weeks to months after you receive them in the paper. Over time, you’ll see that coupons often line up to better sales as they get closer to their expiration dates. Often, the week you receive a coupon is not the best week to use it, because the item will go on sale for a lower price at a later date. I’ve found an accordion file is a great place to organize whole coupon inserts. After I remove my coupons from the newspaper, I write the date on the front. (If you forget to do this, the coupon inserts are dated in tiny text along the spine, too.) Then, I pull each insert that my week’s shopping list is calling for, cut only those coupons, and take them to the store. With this method, you’ll never waste time cutting coupons you won’t use, and you also won’t have to weed expired coupons out of your wallet. Once every coupon inside an insert has expired, you can remove the entire insert from your file and recycle or discard it. On the first of each month, I post a list of expired inserts to remove from your files on my blog. Jill Cataldo, a coupon workshop instructor, writer and mother of three, never passes up a good deal. Learn more about Super-Couponing at her website, www.jillcataldo.com. Email your own couponing victories and questions to jill@ctwfeatures.com. Tags Supercouponing Coupon Economics Advertising List Shopping List Commerce Shopping Insert Store Trip Latest in section SUPER COUPONING: The ‘clipless’ way to organize coupons SUPER COUPONING: Outdated phone can’t take advantage of apps SUPER COUPONING: Why ‘balanced couponing’ is fraud SUPER COUPONING: Why are greeting cards so expensive? SUPER COUPONING: Can’t they give us coupons with longer expiration dates? Most Popular on nwi.com Suspect strips clothing, bites officer in Merrillville Meijer theft Valparaiso man dies in Merrillville car crash Child sex extortion investigation launched in LaPorte County Strack & Van Til liquidating Merrillville store with up to 50 percent off sale New restaurant planned for downtown Hobart E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
