Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Shavers 2017 Global Key Players – Gillette, Conair Corporation, BaByliss, Philips Electronics, Panasonic Corporation Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Shavers Market 2017 Report Details: Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Shavers Market -Market Size, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. This report studies Shavers in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Conair Corporation BaByliss Helen of Troy Limited Koninklijke Philips Electronics Panasonic Corporation The Procter & Gamble Company Gillette Braun GmbH Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc Remington Products Company Wahl Clipper Corporation Eltron Company Wahl Clipper Corporation Izumi Products Company Flyco POVOS SID Request for Sample report @ www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1206101-global-shav… By types, the market can be split into Reciprocating Type Shavers Rotary Type Shavers By Application, the market can be split into Exclusive Shop Supermarket Online Sales By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Key Points in Table of Content: Global Shavers Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Shavers 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Shavers 1.1.1 Definition of Shavers 1.1.2 Specifications of Shavers 1.2 Classification of Shavers 1.2.1 Reciprocating Type Shavers 1.2.2 Rotary Type Shavers 1.3 Applications of Shavers 1.3.1 Exclusive Shop 1.3.2 Supermarket 1.3.3 Online Sales 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India ……….. To get complete report visit@ www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1206101-global-shavers-mar… 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Shavers 8.1 Conair Corporation 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 Conair Corporation 2016 Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Conair Corporation 2016 Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 BaByliss 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 BaByliss 2016 Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 BaByliss 2016 Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Helen of Troy Limited 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Helen of Troy Limited 2016 Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Helen of Troy Limited 2016 Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 Koninklijke 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 Koninklijke 2016 Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Koninklijke 2016 Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Philips Electronics 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Philips Electronics 2016 Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Philips Electronics 2016 Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Panasonic Corporation 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Panasonic Corporation 2016 Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Panasonic Corporation 2016 Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 The Procter & Gamble Company 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 The Procter & Gamble Company 2016 Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 The Procter & Gamble Company 2016 Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Gillette 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Gillette 2016 Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Gillette 2016 Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Braun GmbH 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Braun GmbH 2016 Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Braun GmbH 2016 Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc 2016 Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc 2016 Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.11 Remington Products Company 8.12 Wahl Clipper Corporation 8.13 Eltron Company 8.14 Wahl Clipper Corporation 8.15 Izumi Products Company 8.16 Flyco 8.17 POVOS 8.18 SID Continued… Buy this report @ www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&rep… Contact Us: NORAH TRENT Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Follow on LinkedIn @www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pv… ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub-categories. ADDRES: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFashion, Lifestyle, Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Medical Binocular Loupe Sales Market Size 2017, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Next PostNext NSW players offered most Cricket Australia proposed central contracts Search Recent Posts Cheapflights launches ‘EscEscape’ for those get-me-out-of-here moments Farmers Capital Bank Corporation Announces Common Dividend Global Mining Market 2017 :Size, Development Status, Type and Application, Segmentation, Forecast by 2022 Global Automatic Fare Collection (AFC) Systems Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Star Mountain Capital COO & CTO John Polis to Speak at Mazars’ Financial Advisory Roundtable in New York, NY Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search 4 Things to Expect From Procter & Gamble's Earnings Report By Jack Neff - 34 minutes ago Array 0 Slammed on Twitter, Shea Moisture Pulls Ad Seen as Moving Brand Away From Black Women By Jack Neff - 6 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Coke, PlayStation, Overstock.com and More 9 hours ago Array 0 Can Mark Wahlberg's New AT&T Campaign Stem Customer Losses? By Megan Graham - 9 hours ago Array 0 General Mills Creative Chief Michael Fanuele Steps Down By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - 9 hours ago Array 0 Can Mark Wahlberg's New AT&T Campaign Stem Customer Losses? By Megan Graham - 9 hours ago 0 Slammed on Twitter, Shea Moisture Pulls Ad Seen as Moving Brand Away From Black Women By Jack Neff - 6 hours ago 0 General Mills Creative Chief Michael Fanuele Steps Down By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - 9 hours ago 0 2017 Ad Age Agency A-List and Creativity Awards Gala Photos 18 hours ago 0 Dana Anderson Moves from Mondelez to MediaLink By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - 15 hours ago 0 Dana Anderson Leaves Mondelez in Marketer's Biggest Executive Shakeup Yet By Jessica Wohl - 15 hours ago 0 Google Sees Another Chance to Get Programmatic TV Right By Garett Sloane - 18 hours ago 0 We Are Unlimited Gains Creative Firepower With Ari Weiss' First Hire By Lindsay Stein - 17 hours ago 0 GSK's Speichert: Marketers Are Missing Digital Fundamentals By Jack Neff - 17 hours ago 0 Dana Anderson Moves from Mondelez to MediaLink By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - 14 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US 4 Things to Expect From Procter & Gamble's Earnings Report Growing Pains, Activist Investor On Agenda for Earth's Biggest Marketer By Jack Neff. Published on April 25, 2017. P&G has slashed razor prices by 12%, but can it convince investors it can grow other ways? Credit: Procter & Gamble Co./YouTube Most Popular Procter & Gamble Co. is set to report earnings Wednesday under more pressure than usual for Earth's biggest marketing spender. For one thing, there's an activist investor in the house: Nelson Peltz and his Trian Partners. He's yet to drop the seemingly inevitable white paper telling P&G managers how to run and possibly break up their business. On the plus side, P&G is on a roll of under-promising and over-delivering in recent quarters. It will be hard to keep that up, given relatively strong year-ago results in the fiscal third January-March quarter ("JFM" in P&G-speak) and hence a tougher comparison. It will also be harder because global rival Unilever just reported first-quarter organic sales results above expectations – by around 3% -- despite flatish unit volume. Unilever disappointed the prior two quarters, and was thus, in the largely zero-sum game of slow-growing packaged goods, a market-share donor in P&G's turnaround story. Not so much last quarter, it seems. Another key rival, Kimberly-Clark Corp., missed on revenue expectations with organic sales down 1% when it reported Monday, probably good news for P&G. Rivals such as Johnson & Johnson's consumer business and RB (Reckitt Benckiser) already have reported lackluster results, the latter failing to grow organic sales for the first time in 15 years. Blame goes to retailers reducing inventories, late U.S. tax refunds and other consumer worries – even failure of RB's Scholls foot pedicure device in Europe, which is no skin off P&G one way or another. But Unilever, usually all gloom and doom about the economy, noted positive signs in global consumer spending. P&G's results will help answer how bad things really are – if at all. Here's what else to anticipate: Peltz's name probably won't be uttered But his presence will loom large. January's earnings call was in retrospect a lecture on why P&G shouldn't break up and doesn't need free consulting. If P&G can beat expectations on the top line again, that will speak for itself. P&G will be expected to show it can grow ... And it will need to do so for reasons other than cutting costs and prices. Analysts have called for both things for years, but now that it's happening, such as with P&G's recent 12% reduction in average price on Gillette razors and blades, they also want more signs P&G can win in other ways. Expected details on a more aggressive product-launch program in the months ahead are welcome. ... But there will still be discussion of cost cutting Unilever earlier this month quantified its ongoing marketing-services squeeze by promising to cut in half the number of agencies it works with and and decrease the number of ads by 30% -- things P&G already has done essentially. Further cuts of that scope are unlikely for P&G, but the company has promised to save big money, or at least get more bang for the buck, on what it spends in trade promotion with retailers. This is a more challenging trick than ever as retailers push harder for suppliers to cut prices or fork over more marketing dollars. Media spending will keep rising Or at least it will as a share of sales. This is something P&G pledged to do at the outset of the year, come what may in the economy, thanks in part to cuts in overhead costs. In this article: Agencies Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Top Consumer Staples Stocks to Buy in 2017 Here are a few attractive buy candidates in this recession-proof sector. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Apr 24, 2017 at 5:49PM Many investors are attracted to consumer staples stocks because these businesses tend to perform well regardless of broader market trends. After all, recessions devastate demand for expensive discretionary products like automobiles and homes. But consumers don't easily change their purchasing habits when it comes to their favorite toothpastes, shaving creams, and paper towels. Below, we'll highlight a few important metrics to watch when evaluating consumer staples stocks and look at why Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), and Colgate-Palmolive (NYSE:CL) deserve a spot on your 2017 watch list. Johnson & Johnson for diversity Johnson & Johnson dominates a wide range of markets in the healthcare industry, which makes the blue chip titan a great choice for investors who value diversity. Its consumer staples segment is anchored by global brands like Listerine mouthwash, Neutrogena skin care products, and Tylenol painkillers. Image source: Getty Images. That portfolio of franchises bounced along at near-zero growth in a weak overall market last quarter, but Johnson & Johnson still managed healthy overall gains thanks to contributions from its other main business lines, medical devices and pharmaceuticals. To see why this stock has trounced peers over the long term, investors can simply check its dedication to innovation. Backed up by a $9 billion annual research and development budget, Johnson & Johnson directs more resources toward its pipeline of drugs and consumer products than almost any other company could hope to spend. The healthcare giant expects to boost organic sales by 4% to 5% in 2017 while its earnings grow by as much as 8% to $7.27 per share. Toss in a hefty 2.6% dividend yield, and investors should be looking at double-digit total returns this year. Procter & Gamble for turnaround hopes Procter & Gamble owns many of the biggest consumer brands in the world, including Gillette, which dominates the market for razors and blades with an incredible 65% share. Yet that figure is down from 70% just a few years ago as P&G has struggled against rising competition both from cheaper in-store brands and from disruptive business models like Unilever's online-based Dollar Shave Club. Investors buying the stock today have good reason to expect a brightening overall picture, though, given that P&G has posted two straight quarters of surprisingly strong sales growth paired with improving profitability. Its new, more targeted product portfolio might be just what the company needs to get back to market-beating sales and earnings gains likely beginning in the back half of 2017 and into 2018. In the meantime, shareholders stand to benefit from one of the most generous cash return programs around -- including $22 billion of dividends and stock repurchases this year alone. Colgate-Palmolive for profitability Some investors may have written Colgate-Palmolive off following a fiscal 2016 that saw revenue decline 5%. However, look closer and you'll see a business that's as strong as it has ever been. Organic sales, which strip out currency swings and exited business lines, jumped by 4% last year compared to 2% for Kimberly-Clark and 1% for P&G. Colgate also increased its dominant hold on the toothpaste industry, with global market share ticking up to 35.5% from 35.3%. Its U.S. lead rose by the same amount to an incredible 41.4% of the market. The most impressive metric in Colgate's arsenal is profitability, though. Operating margin is well over 20% of sales to put the company at the top of its industry: PG Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Different characteristics of each of these stocks may appeal to different types of investors. P&G's 3% dividend yield, for example, makes it especially attractive to income investors when compared to Colgate's 2.2% or Johnson & Johnson's 2.6%. On the other hand, growth fans would likely prefer Johnson & Johnson thanks to the boost it gets from pharmaceutical hits. But all three companies have demonstrated that their businesses can navigate weak industry trends. In that way, they exemplify the best of the consumer staples sector: Steady, highly profitable revenue growth that helps fund continued market-share gains and increasing cash returns to investors. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Johnson & Johnson. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info Apr 24, 2017 at 5:49PM Consumer Goods Stocks Johnson & Johnson NYSE:JNJ $122.89 up $1.13 (0.93%) Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $89.55 up $0.93 (1.05%) Colgate-Palmolive NYSE:CL $73.66 up $0.64 (0.88%) Read More What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? Procter & Gamble Co. Stock at $90: What's Next? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc What Will Happen to Procter & Gamble Co's Shaving Business? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Top Consumer Staples Stocks to Buy in 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $JNJ, $PG, $CL
Follow @triplepundit 47.9k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit Sustainatopia (3p discount code “TP15”) Both a conference and a broad-ranging festival, SUSTAINATOPIA brings together the global ecosystem of social, financial and environmental sustainability & impact. [REGISTER HERE] Us code TP15 for 15% off May 7-10: San Francisco Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit How Companies Can Lead on Anti-Deforestation Efforts by Leon Kaye on Monday, Apr 24th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Procter & Gamble says well managed and sustainable forests are better for the environment – and its bottom line   Join Procter & Gamble, Charmin, Forest Stewardship Council US, Domtar, Rainforest Alliance, and TriplePundit on April 28th – Arbor Day! – at 9am PT / Noon ET on Twitter at #ForestryChat. We’ll discuss the current landscape of responsible forestry management in the United States – and how you can make a difference. Pressure, both from environmental groups and local communities, has been instrumental in nudging multinational companies to become more environmentally responsible. Consumer preferences are shifting as well, though most have made it clear that they only want environmentally responsible products as long as there is no impact on their performance and price. Furthermore, the numbers make their own business case. According to the United Nations, raw materials have become more difficult to procure; and with the world approaching a population of nine billion by 2050, companies have to be smarter and more conscious about the materials they source for their products. Hence growing concerns over environmental degradation, especially deforestation, have led to a meeting of the minds of the world’s leading companies and non-profits. These trends have long been underway with in the consumer packaged goods (CPG) industry, which is a massive consumer of wood products such as paper. Procter & Gamble is one company that has been able to improve its sustainability performance due to its collaboration with its suppliers and some of the world’s most recognized NGOs. To learn more, TriplePundit recently spoke with Tonia Elrod, P&G’s associate director of sustainability and communications, to learn more about what it takes for a company that operates in 80 countries to ensure it has a reliable supply of responsibly sourced paper. “The bottom line is that we can accomplish more with our partners, who all have the same goals,” said Elrod, “It’s just that we all have different points of view.” CPG companies like P&G always face fierce competition, on both pricing and product quality. The company’s suppliers, such as Domtar, often operate on very thin margins. And NGOs focus on ensuring that ecosystems and local communities do not suffer due to the world’s growing demand for pulp and paper products. Together, these organizations are partnering with P&G on one overarching goal: to increase the global supply of Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)-certified paper available for the company’s line of paper products. “Our goal was to have 100 percent certified fiber, and we’ve accomplished that,” explained Elrod. “But we’d like to get to 100 percent FSC certified paper.” Currently, P&G estimates that about half of its entire supply of pulp and paper is FSC-certified. Ideally, the company would like to source far more, but there is a huge hurdle: concerns over deforestation and land rights overseas have nudged consumers to demand more responsible products. Many companies are responding in kind, but there is just not enough paper that can meet such certification standards. And that is where the NGOs come in – they understand the world of forestry, small landholders and the concern of local communities. To that end, organizations such as WWF and Rainforest Alliance can do the heavy lifting to ensure that these new sources of pulp and paper are, in fact, responsible. Several years ago, Domtar realized the need in increase the supply of FSC-certified paper. The Montreal-based company saw an opportunity with small landowners that comprise much of the forestry sector across the southeastern U.S. The result was the formation of the Four States Timberland Owners Association (FSTOA), which works with forest managers and provides them the necessary tools so that they can attain FSC certification. Meanwhile, P&G saw the changes in the CPG market and realized it had to show that it could become a responsible corporate citizen. A sustainable supply chain was not a luxury – it made sound business sense. Domtar and P&G agreed to become corporate partners in order to boost the amount of FSC-certified pulp fiber in this region. It was not an easy task, as 75 percent of the forests in the southeastern U.S. are owned by small landholders – and most have holdings less have 100 acres. But five years after the FSTOA was formed, an additional 500,000 acres of forests are now certified with the FSC. Once these landowners could see the business opportunities they could gain due to the P&G brand, they could see how this collaboration presented itself as a strong business case. But according to Elrod, collaboration goes beyond a company’s supply chain and any public-private partnerships. As the saying goes, collaboration is the new competition, so P&G says it is working not only with its competitors, but also beyond the CPG industry. In a recent campaign, P&G partnered with one of its fiercest competitors, Kimberly-Clark. P&G has long vied for shelf space and market share with that company’s brands, which include Kleenex and Cottonelle. “But it was important to us that we worked together on a campaign to raise consumer awareness about FSC,” said Elrod. “Both companies want to drive consumer demand, but awareness is key if we’re going to increase that supply of FSC-certified paper.” The partnership went beyond the CPG sector, and also included brands such as Patagonia, Pottery Barn, HP and furniture maker West Elm. The “One Simple Action” campaign educated consumers about the benefits of managed forests, including wildlife protection, the guarantee of indigenous people’s rights, a reduction in the use of chemicals, water quality and of course, deforestation. Yet there is another reason why certification programs such as FSC are important. As the majority of forests here in the U.S. are owned by small landholders, profit margins on these lands are often thin. So as is the case with any commodity, farmers need a guaranteed price if they will continue to be willing and able to keep their title to their lands. The promise of a steady price for pulp and paper, which in turn allows P&G and other companies to maintain a regular supply of this certified raw material, can prevent the loss of land to other purposes that will not be as environmentally friendly. “It’s important to note that if landowners aren’t getting value out of their trees, they may sell their land for an alternative use,” added Elrod. “We don’t want that land to be lost for another purpose, as it’s a form of deforestation if those forests end up as strip malls or housing developments.” To Elrod’s point, if a forest is managed well, then that land devoted to timber ends up providing a renewable resource. She also cited a statistic often given by the American paper industry, which claims that over four decades after the first Earth Day was commemorated in 1970, there are now more 20 percent more trees across the U.S. The end result is that these trees sequester more carbon; Elrod noted that American forests are responsible for offsetting 13 percent of America’s carbon emissions. In order for these campaigns and collaboration to work, Elrod explained that expectations and goals have to be clear at the onset. Some companies have very clear goals, but struggle when it comes to executing them. And other companies have the capacity and knowledge, but articulating an exact vision can present an enormous challenge. “What makes all of this collaboration possible is a very clear end game,” insisted Elrod. “There has to be a clarity of goals, and a clarity of vision.” Image credit: Leon Kaye Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6528 articles in this category: CVS Banishes Formaldehyde, Other Toxics From Cosmetics Ivanka Trump Dines With Chinese President Xi, Receives Chinese Trademarks UK Study: Fair Trade Cotton 1/5 Ecological Impact of Conventional Textiles Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Canada’s definitive information source for Engineers, Product Designers & OEMs Design Engineering News Products Features Events More DEX Expo Digital Edition E-Newsletter Contacts Advertise E-newsletter Related Topics Additive Manufacturing Tagged with Belleville Canad Makes Proctor and Gamble P&G Belleville explores how 3D printing can help build customized parts Proctor & Gamble is partnering with Canada Makes and AMM to explore the benefits of using additive manufacturing at its Belleville, ON facility. 0 April 24, 2017 Staff Procter & Gamble Belleville Plant has announced a new partnership with Additive Metal Manufacturing Inc. (AMM) and Canada Makes. This collaboration will explore building new customized parts using additive manufacturing. “Parts can be very difficult even impossible to make with traditional subtractive machining processes,” said Haixia Jin, P&G Engineering Technical Manager. “Metal 3D printing offers an exciting alternative to commercial off-the-shelf parts that cannot achieve complicated design requirements or internal cavity geometry. Even in cases where commercial customization is available and able, it usually comes with significant additional cost or an unbearable long lead-time.” As an example, the piece (left) was 3D printed in Stainless Steel and demonstrates how combined purposes deliver fluid to designated locations with the four extended legs while minimizing disturbance to the flow that it merges in. The vast metallurgy choices also provide a wide spectrum of chemical/environmental resistance. This illustrated part was printed in Stainless Steel taking advantage of its good anti-corrosion performance. “AMM is delighted to be partnering with P&G and Canada Makes in assisting P&G introduce 3D metal printing into their supply chain,” said Norman Holesh, President AMM, who acknowledges that in order to be successful, the technology needs to be embraced early on in the design process. “This technology is neither an alternative to subtractive manufacturing nor a replacement for it but an addition to the entire manufacturing process and allows for previously unthinkable designs and a dramatic reduction in lead times,” he adds. AMM works with customers to help them understand and embrace the ever-changing design rules, and take full advantage of design freedom. “Designing and building complex parts as well as the lead-time saved are two big advantages that AM offers users of the technology. This project certainly was an excellent example offered through Canada Makes’ Metal Additive Demonstration Program,” stated Frank Defalco Manager Canada Makes. “Canada Makes will continue to partner with Canadian companies looking to the advantages offered by having additive manufacturing as a powerful new option in creating parts previously unfeasible.” The project was funded through Canada Makes’ Metal Additive Demonstration Program. www.canadamakes.ca Share Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Tags Belleville Canad Makes Proctor and Gamble Related Canada Makes, FusiA and MDA partner to 3D print satellite components Canada Makes releases the Metal Additive Design Guide Mercedes-Benz Trucks pioneers 3D printing for plastic spare parts Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * E-mail * Website NASA 3D prints metal “space fabric” Canada Makes releases the Metal Additive Design Guide Poll Does AM figure into your engineering and/or manufacturing process? Yes, 3D printing is great! No, too slow No, too expensive No, quality too inconsistent No, too much post-processing No, other reasons Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Events Feature Automation Anti-Robot Racer B.C. engineer’s Prosthesis exoskeleton fuses fluid power and clever kinematics to create a new class of sports machine. → More Features → Digital Edition View Digital Edition Subscribe To Print Browse Print Archives Canada’s definitive information source for Mechanical Engineers, Product Designers, and OEMs @design_eng_mag Are you in the Coquitlam area? Come check out our #DEXExpo table-top show on May 2: https://t.co/9DvMCazARr #engineering Follow @design_eng_mag Services Subscribe to Print Subscribe to E-newsletter Advertise Contacts Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. "Golden Phoenix " Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: "we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity." After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo - the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions - the world's leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Jewelry, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Azacitidine (CAS 320-67-2) Market Report 2017 Next PostNext EXPRESS SCRIPTS ALERT: J&W Announces Investigation of Express Scripts; Expects to Lose Biggest Customer, Investors Encouraged to Contact Firm Search Recent Posts United States Brass Hydraulic Fitting Market Report 2017 Threat Intelligence As A Service From John Snow Labs Delivers Live, Corroborated, Ranked & Automatically Actionable Cyber Security Threats From 80+ Sources Australia Wide IT Offers IT Services Throughout Australia Eversolo White Noise Generator – A Brand New Generation of Sleep Aid Machine Will Be Available in May on Amazon Davinci Stones releases real time kitchen simulator Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. "Golden Phoenix " Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: "we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity." After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo - the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions - the world's leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com SOURCE Reed Huabo Exhibitions CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Jewelry, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Azacitidine (CAS 320-67-2) Market Report 2017 Next PostNext EXPRESS SCRIPTS ALERT: J&W Announces Investigation of Express Scripts; Expects to Lose Biggest Customer, Investors Encouraged to Contact Firm Search Recent Posts United States Brass Hydraulic Fitting Market Report 2017 Threat Intelligence As A Service From John Snow Labs Delivers Live, Corroborated, Ranked & Automatically Actionable Cyber Security Threats From 80+ Sources Australia Wide IT Offers IT Services Throughout Australia Eversolo White Noise Generator – A Brand New Generation of Sleep Aid Machine Will Be Available in May on Amazon Davinci Stones releases real time kitchen simulator Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. "Golden Phoenix " Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: "we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity." After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo - the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions - the world's leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Jewelry, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Azacitidine (CAS 320-67-2) Market Report 2017 Next PostNext EXPRESS SCRIPTS ALERT: J&W Announces Investigation of Express Scripts; Expects to Lose Biggest Customer, Investors Encouraged to Contact Firm Search Recent Posts United States Brass Hydraulic Fitting Market Report 2017 Threat Intelligence As A Service From John Snow Labs Delivers Live, Corroborated, Ranked & Automatically Actionable Cyber Security Threats From 80+ Sources Australia Wide IT Offers IT Services Throughout Australia Eversolo White Noise Generator – A Brand New Generation of Sleep Aid Machine Will Be Available in May on Amazon Davinci Stones releases real time kitchen simulator Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. „Golden Phoenix ” Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: „we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity.” After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo – the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions – the world’s leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-25th-china-shenzhen-international-gifts-handicrafts-watches–houseware-fair-opens-today-300444084.html SOURCE Reed Huabo Exhibitions CategoriesUncategorized TagsTrade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Infortrend Launches Cloud-integrated Unified Storage EonStor GSe Pro 2000 Supporting Multi-OS File Sharing for SMB Next PostNext Global Food and Beverages Industry – Digital Transformation and Technology Landscape, 2016 Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. „Golden Phoenix ” Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: „we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity.” After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo – the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions – the world’s leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-25th-china-shenzhen-international-gifts-handicrafts-watches–houseware-fair-opens-today-300444084.html SOURCE Reed Huabo Exhibitions CategoriesUncategorized TagsTrade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Infortrend Launches Cloud-integrated Unified Storage EonStor GSe Pro 2000 Supporting Multi-OS File Sharing for SMB Next PostNext Global Food and Beverages Industry – Digital Transformation and Technology Landscape, 2016 Search Recent Posts Pentagon Spokesman Updates Iraq, Syria, Yemen Operations U.S. Stands by Afghan People After Taliban’s Heinous Acts, Mattis Says Agencies announce Wells Fargo has remediated resolution plan deficiencies Ocean Rig UDW Inc. Announces the Results of Its 2017 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Savanna Announces Change of Control Offer for Outstanding Senior Notes and Temporary Waiver from Syndicated Credit Facility Lenders Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Target teams with online razor brands to stay relevant The Minneapolis-based retailer is the only one to carry Harry’s, Bevel products Post to Facebook Target teams with online razor brands to stay relevant The Minneapolis-based retailer is the only one to carry Harry’s, Bevel products  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2peQqNZ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Target teams with online razor brands to stay relevant Kavita Kumar, Star Tribune (Minneapolis) 5:36 p.m. ET April 24, 2017 About 50 percent of Target’s razor handle sales and about 15 percent of its cartridges now come from Harry’s. (Photo: Jerry Holt / TNS) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Target saw the writing on the fogged-up bathroom mirror. Its sales of men’s razors and blades, one of the biggest categories in its beauty and personal care aisles, had begun to slip as a number of upstart online brands were disrupting the industry and going straight to consumers, bypassing stores altogether. Its solution? The Minneapolis-based retailer joined forces with them. In the past year, Target has partnered with two subscription-based online brands — Harry’s and Bevel — brokering exclusive deals to be the only mass retailer to carry their products. “It’s been really working so far — knock on wood,” said John Butcher, Target’s senior vice president of beauty merchandising. Target’s market share in men’s shaving has jumped by double digits, as has its overall sales of men’s razors, he said. About 50 percent of Target’s razor handle sales and about 15 percent of its cartridges now come from Harry’s. And unlike what some expected, it hasn’t necessarily come at the expense of the longtime king of the razor aisle — Procter & Gamble’s Gillette. Gillette’s sales at Target have also been up, despite losing a bit of shelf space as Target cleaned up the product presentation, Butcher said. “There were some skeptics out there,” he said. “But the hypothesis was if we become a more meaningful destination for men’s shave, then we get more people in the aisle. And that affords everybody in the aisle the opportunity to win more business at Target. That’s exactly what’s happening.” Butcher said the alliance with Harry’s and Bevel is one of many ways Target is looking to beef up its offerings for men, who are increasingly shopping for themselves. “Guys have been underserved,” he said. “We feel like he’s looking for newness and he’s looking for solutions to his modern-day problems.” A key ingredient to the partnership with Harry’s has been the eye-popping endcap displays that have been turning the heads of shoppers in a part of the store they were used to just breezing by without much inspiration. “The test at Target was ‘can we fundamentally alter the retail experience for buying shaving and grooming products and stop people in their tracks for the first time in a long time,’ ” said Jeff Raider, co-CEO of Harry’s. “It’s hard to do that in a small way. You’ve got to go big.” When it first launched in Target’s 1,800 stores last August, Harry’s displays included larger-than-life 4-foot-tall razors. Earlier this year, those were swapped out for a cutout of a guy in boxer shorts and tube socks standing in front of a mirror with a dog at his feet. It’s been so popular that some customers have tried walking out of the store with it. Amid the rapid innovation happening in the category, the $2.6 billion men’s shaving industry has been picking up steam over the past several years and grew about 4.4 percent last year, according to Euromonitor. While the pie has gotten bigger, Gillette has been losing ground. Its marketshare has dropped from 64 percent in 2013 to 54 percent in 2016. Dollar Shave Club, another direct-to-consumer company that sells online subscriptions and was sold to Unilever for $1 billion last year, now has about 8 percent of the market and has surpassed Bic, according to Euromonitor. Meanwhile, Harry’s, the No. 5 brand, more than doubled its share last year to 4 percent. The disruption in Target’s shaving aisle highlights the retailer’s increased willingness to make room on its shelves for up-and-coming specialty brands in order to stay relevant, putting the big national brands on notice that they might lose some shelf space, said Carol Spieckerman, a retail consultant. “Up to this point, there were certain categories that have been sacred spaces for national brands,” said Spieckerman. “You could see this (in men’s shaving) as the first of many more encroachments.” It’s also pushed some companies to accelerate their innovation efforts. Gillette launched its own direct-to-consumer subscription service a couple of years ago and has recently cut prices. “There has always been competition in this category, and we are taking that seriously — in store or with new competitors online,” Gillette spokeswoman Barbara Diecker said in an email. “We continue to focus our efforts on growing in both the traditional and e-commerce spaces.” While low-priced Harry’s and Dollar Shave Club were created in part because they felt the big brands were overcharging men for razors and blades, Bevel was aimed at addressing the frustrations of men of color who often struggle with razor bumps. Its single-blade system is a much higher-priced, premium product with razors starting at $50. Target started carrying Bevel in February 2016. This year, it has expanded its presence from 125 to 450 stores. Bevel now also sells its products through Amazon. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2peQqNZ TOP VIDEOS Mayor Mike Duggan on the new Flex-N-Gate facility 0:47 Ken Lingenfelter on his astounding car collection 2:30 IRS agent warns of tax scams 3:28 GM cars hoisted up to the Comerica Park fountain 0:50 Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43 Joe Nardone, CEO, Wayne County Airport Authority, tours DTW 2:25 Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49 Walking the floor at the NAIAS Charity Preview 1:00 Biden admires Detroit, 'an iconic city' 2:15
Tue April 25, 2017  |  Updated 12:33 PM IST  |Home| Sitemap Search for: State| National| Business| Opinion| Sports| International| Horoscope | Daily Horoscope Weekly Horoscope Photo Gallery| Suggestion| Sunday Magazine| Letters| RSS Feed porno izle Menu State National Business Opinion Sports International Horoscope Daily Horoscope Weekly Horoscope Photo Gallery Suggestion Sunday Magazine Letters RSS Feed Breaking News: Class work to resume in Colleges, schools after week-long suspension E-Paper JHS Svendgaard Laboratories settles disputes with P&G India Posted on 25/04/2017 by Dailyexcelsior NEW DELHI, Apr 24: Delhi-based JHS Svendgaard Laboratories Ltd (JHS) today said it has settled ongoing disputes with FMCG firm Procter and Gamble (P&G) out of court. “This is inform that the ongoing disputes at various courts between the company and various group companies of Procter & Gamble Inc. In India, have been settled with mutual consent and concluded positively for JHS,” JHS Svendgaard Laboratories said in a BSE filing. In reaction to the announcement, shares of JHS Svendgaard Laboratories were trading 7.85 per cent higher at Rs 57 on the BSE. The company further said: “The settlements clears contingent liabilities to the tune of Rs 206.15 crore, from the balance sheets of JHS.” JHS Svendgaard Laboratories Ltd had alleged that P&G had signed agreements with it in 2009-10 to manufacture toothbrush, toothpastes and detergent under its brand Oral B and Tide, but wrongfully terminated its production contract. (PTI) Share this: Tweet Share on Tumblr Print & PDF Related Download Daily Excelsior Apps Now: Share With Tweet This entry was posted in Business. Bookmark the permalink. State J&K Bank hopeful to register profit during... Date extended for submission of report... HC quashes compulsory retirement of employee... Bali lays foundation of additional 100-bedded ... PDP, BJP responsible for deteriorating situatio... JKNPP protests outside PSC... LMD imposes fine on violators... Civil Sett employees to stage protest on Apr 26... Bodoland Council of Assam seeks Dr Jitendra’s in... Shrine Board provides Critical Care Ambulance to J... Minister reviews water supply scenario in Doda, Ki... Neglected educated youth of Jammu annoyed with PD... Batote-Kishtwar highway closed due to fresh landsl... IRP personnel render exemplary services during by... Ek Aur Birbal: Young KP playwright resurrects hero... Surinsar emerging premier tourist destination of J... Editorial Jammu distrusts PSC Food Safety Tribunal Food Safety Tribunal Revive SERC HC bemused by indifference Sordid story of Tawi Lake SIC notices RTI violation Kashmir tourism in predicament More Related News Markets NASDAQ 5983.82    +73.30 S&P 500 2374.15    +25.46 INFY 14.43    -0.05 GCG12.CMX N/A    N/A ^NSEBANK N/A    N/A INTC 36.75    +0.43 GOOG 862.76    +19.57 PFE 33.74    +0.10 Weekly Special Art World Heritage Nature Food Shelf Life Style Travelogue Healthline Fashion Science & Technology Career & Education Bollywood Buzz Bookreview Tourism Sports Sacred Space Advertise With Us Results & Lists Real Estate Brides Grooms Obituaries Employment Tender Miscellaneous Education Tariff Plans HomeAbout Us Opinion Archive Section Suggestions Send Mail MailbagOld ArchiveAir Rail TimingWeather DisclaimerTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyPay OnlineClick here to Bookmark Weekly Sunday Magazine All Your Answers Cipher - Decipher Inner Voice Sports Quiz Subscribe As a subscriber, you will have full access to all of our Newsletters and News Bulletins. Click here to make Daily Excelsior your default homepage Edited, Printed, Published by Kamal Rohmetra and owned by Excelsior. Executive Editor Neeraj Rohmetra. Printed at Excelsior Printer Pvt Ltd, Janipura, Jammu and published from EXCELSIOR HOUSE, Janipura, Jammu 180007 (J&K). Phones: +91-191 2537055, +91-1912537901, +91-191 2539178. Fax: +91-191-2537831 Daily Excelsior Srinagar office: 2 Partap Park Srinagar Phones:+91-194 2450213 Copyright © 2014 DailyExcelsior All Rights Reserved. Designed Developed & Hosted by Pugmarks.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Mouth Rinse Industry 2017 Market Consumption, Application, Trends, Demands, Growth, Price & Sales : Amway, Weleda, Colgate Brooklyn, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/24/2017 — This market intelligence report is a highly descriptive analysis of the global Mouth Rinse market. The report offers insights into the various factors impacting the market and the extent of their impact on the growth. It takes into account the historic data and current market facts and figures to make reliable projections of the market’s trajectory in the foreseeable future. These interpretations allow the readers to gain a clearer and detailed perspective of the global Mouth Rinse market. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Mouth Rinse in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Mouth Rinse market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Johnson & Johnson Hawley & Hazel Reckitt Benckiser Colgate-Palmolive Procter & Gamble Lion Amway Caldwell Consumer Health Dr.Harold Katz SUNSTAR Get a Free Sample Copy of this Research Report @ http://www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=1064718&type=E The report also includes a detailed overview of the industry chain structure along with an extensive understanding of the import and export statistics and upstream raw materials and downstream demand chain. It also provides information regarding the currently available production capacities and the efficiency at which they are utilized. The analytical tools employed in the report are Porter’s five force analysis and market attractiveness analysis, which are instrumental in the understanding of the competitive landscape of the global Mouth Rinse market. The research report presents a comprehensive snapshot of the Mouth Rinse market in terms of product/service, technology, end-user industry. For a coherent understanding, it also includes analysis and information regarding geographical segmentation. Each region is methodically examined on the basis of production, revenue, and market shares. The report also profiles the key players in the global Mouth Rinse market along with their business strategies, revenue structure, latest developments, and contact information. It also performs SWOT analysis for each market player to calculate the expected growth trajectory each player will witness. There is a separate section of recommendations from industrial experts for both existing and new players in the global market. All these information together provide a 360-degree view of the market for Mouth Rinse. Explore Full Report with TOC @ http://www.qyresearchreports.com/report/global-mouth-rinse-market-research-report-2017.htm Table of Contents 1 Mouth Rinse Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Mouth Rinse 1.2 Mouth Rinse Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Mouth Rinse Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Mouth Rinse Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Fluoride 1.2.4 Cosmetic 1.2.5 Antiseptic 1.2.6 Natural (Herbal) 1.2.7 Total Care 1.2.8 Other 1.3 Global Mouth Rinse Segment by Application 1.3.1 Mouth Rinse Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Hospital 1.3.3 Clinic 1.3.4 Home 1.3.5 Other 1.4 Global Mouth Rinse Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) QYResearchReports offers Latest News & Articles @ http://www.qyresearchreports.com/press-releases.htm CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Amy Schumer, Jim Gaffigan and Colin Jost Unite at Hilarity for Charity’s Third Annual New York City Variety Show on June 8! Next PostNext Global Fire Protection Coatings Market 2017, Forecast to 2023 – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Research and Markets - Global Aerosol Market Estimates & Trend Analysis 2014-2017 & 2025: Market Size is Expected to Reach USD 123.98 Billion - Major Players are Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Beiersdorf News provided by Research and Markets 24 Apr, 2017, 13:30 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Apr. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Aerosol Market Estimates & Trend Analysis By Application (Personal Care, Household, Automotive & Industrial, Food, Paints, Medical), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Central & South America, MEA), And Segment Forecasts, 2014 - 2025" report to their offering. The global aerosol market size is expected to reach USD 123.98 billion by 2025 Increasing demand for aerosol products for packaging products such as insecticides and household cleaners is expected to emerge as the primary growth driver over the forecast period. The market is expected to be driven by the rising demand for aerosol based pharmaceutical products such as pain relief sprays, inhalers, and drug delivery systems. In addition, the industry is likely to exhibit high growth on account of demand for personal care products such as hair sprays, mousses, and shaving foams. Rising concerns regarding the personal hygiene coupled with high demand for deodorants primarily in Asia Pacific is expected to emerge as a major driver for the market growth over the next nine years. In addition, the market for personal care aerosols is expected to be driven by the increasing product launches by major manufacturers such as Unilever and Procter and Gamble Co. Increasing product innovation pertaining to the use of aerosol based food products such as spray oils and salad dressings is expected to emerge as the major growth driver over the forecast period. In addition, rising development of advanced propellant mixtures is expected to alleviate consumer concerns regarding toxicity of propellants, leading to an increased affinity towards aerosols. Further key findings from the study suggest: Household emerged as one of the major application segments accounting for over 31% of the global volume in 2015 and is likely to exhibit substantial growth on account of increasing consumption of air fresheners and bug sprays The demand volume of the product in medical application is expected to register a CAGR of over 5% from 2016 to 2025 on account of growing new product launches coupled with ease of application achieved through use of aerosol based products The market in Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a CAGR of over 7% from 2016 to 2025, on account of rapid development of the personal care industry coupled with increasing penetration of the compound in household products The market in the U.S. is expected to account for over 86% of the revenue demand in North America in 2015 on account of high adoption by the consumers in the economy coupled with the high disposable income enabling the purchase of higher priced products Major market players such as Procter & Gamble Co, Unilever, Beiersdorf AG rely on new product launches and innovations in the design as the major instruments employed for increasing the market share. The companies are also involved in strategies such as mergers & acquisitions, and capacity additions to increase the revenues. Key Topics Covered: 1. Methodology and Scope 2. Executive Summary 3. Aerosol Industry Outlook 3.1. Aerosol market segmentation 3.2. Aerosol market value chain analysis 3.2.1. Vendor landscape 3.3. Raw material outlook 3.4. Technology overview 3.5. Regulatory framework 3.6. Aerosol market dynamics 3.6.1. Market driver analysis 3.6.1.1. Growing demand from key application markets 3.6.1.2. Product innovation/new product development 3.6.2. Market restraint analysis 3.6.2.1. Stringent regulatory scenario 3.7. Penetration & growth prospect mapping 3.8. Aerosol market Porter's analysis 3.9. Aerosol company market share, 2015 3.10. Aerosol market PESTEL analysis 4. Aerosol Application Outlook 4.1. Global aerosol market share by application, 2015 & 2025 4.2. Personal care 4.3. Household 4.4. Automotive & industrial 4.5. Food 4.6. Paints 4.7. Medical 4.8. Others 5. Aerosol Regional Outlook 6. Competitive Landscape Proctor and Gamble S.C. Johnson Reckitt Benckiser Thymes Crabtree & Evelyn Henkel AG AkzoNobel N.V. Unilever Honeywell For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/m4lnsg/aerosol_market Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---global-aerosol-market-estimates--trend-analysis-2014-2017--2025-market-size-is-expected-to-reach-usd-12398-billion---major-players-are-procter--gamble-unilever-beiersdorf-300444070.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 24 Apr, 2017, 13:45 ET Preview: Global Emerging Display Technology Market Drivers, Challenges & Trends 2017-2021 - Research and Markets 24 Apr, 2017, 13:15 ET Preview: Global Peracetic Acid Market 2017-2021: Increasing Demand for Wastewater Treatment - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 24 Apr, 2017, 19:15 ET Research and Markets - Global CRISPR And CRISPR-Associated (Cas)... 24 Apr, 2017, 19:15 ET Research and Markets - Japanese Pharmaceutical Firms Sales... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Global Aerosol Market Estimates & Trend Analysis 2014-2017 & 2025: Market Size is Expected to Reach USD 123.98 Billion - Major Players are Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Beiersdorf News provided by Research and Markets 24 Apr, 2017, 13:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales Market Drivers, Trends and Opportunities 2017 PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 24, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales Market Report 2017 SUMMARY In this report, the global Deodorant & Antiperspirant market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (MT), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Deodorant & Antiperspirant for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1216097-global-deodorant-antiperspirant-sales-market-report-2017 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Deodorant & Antiperspirant sales volume, Price (USD/MT), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Henkel Loreal Procter & Gamble Unilever Dove Nivea Soft & Gentle Amway Clinique A.P. Deauville Secret On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (MT), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/MT), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Physical Type Chemical Type Microbial Type Plant Type Compound Type On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Deodorant & Antiperspirant for each application, including Medical Personal Use If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1216097-global-deodorant-antiperspirant-sales-market-report-2017 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales Market Report 2017 1 Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Deodorant & Antiperspirant 1.2 Classification of Deodorant & Antiperspirant by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Physical Type 1.2.4 Chemical Type 1.2.5 Microbial Type 1.2.6 Plant Type 1.2.7 Compound Type 1.3 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Medical 1.3.3 Personal Use 1.4 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Deodorant & Antiperspirant Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Deodorant & Antiperspirant Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Deodorant & Antiperspirant Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Deodorant & Antiperspirant Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Deodorant & Antiperspirant Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Deodorant & Antiperspirant Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Deodorant & Antiperspirant (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Competition by Players/Suppliers 2.1.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant (Volume and Value) by Region 2.3.1 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.3.2 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Revenue and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant (Volume) by Application 3 United States Deodorant & Antiperspirant (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 United States Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales and Value (2012-2017) 3.1.1 United States Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.2 United States Deodorant & Antiperspirant Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.3 United States Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) …CONTINUED FOR ANY QUERY, CONTACT US @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1216097-global-deodorant-antiperspirant-sales-market-report-2017 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Camembert Market Report 2017: Supply and Usage in 130 Markets 2011-2017F Next PostNext Global Processed Cheese Market Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Eyeliners 2017 Global Key Players – L’OREAL, Esteelauder, Procter & Gamble, LVMH, Shiseido, Revlon Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Eyeliners Market 2017 Report Details: Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Eyeliners Market -Market Size, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. This report studies Eyeliners in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering L’OREAL Esteelauder Procter & Gamble LVMH Shiseido Christian Dior Amorepacific Group CHANEL Jordana Cosmetics Revlon SISLEY Jane Iredale KATE Almay Phydicians Formula VOV Marykay Marie Dalgar Carslan Flamingo Bleunuit Request for Sample report @ www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1206050-global-eyel… By types, the market can be split into Liquid Eyeliner Powder-Based Eye Pencil? Wax-Based Eye Pencils? Kohl Eyeliner Gel Eye Liner By Application, the market can be split into Women Males for Purpose Like Fashion Girls By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Key Points in Table of Content: Global Eyeliners Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Eyeliners 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Eyeliners 1.1.1 Definition of Eyeliners 1.1.2 Specifications of Eyeliners 1.2 Classification of Eyeliners 1.2.1 Liquid Eyeliner 1.2.2 Powder-Based Eye Pencil? 1.2.3 Wax-Based Eye Pencils? 1.2.4 Kohl Eyeliner 1.2.5 Gel Eye Liner 1.3 Applications of Eyeliners 1.3.1 Women 1.3.2 Males for Purpose Like Fashion 1.3.3 Girls 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India ……….. To get complete report visit@ www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1206050-global-eyeliners-m… 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Eyeliners 8.1 L’OREAL 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 L’OREAL 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 L’OREAL 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Esteelauder 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Esteelauder 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Esteelauder 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Procter & Gamble 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Procter & Gamble 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Procter & Gamble 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 LVMH 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 LVMH 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 LVMH 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Shiseido 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Shiseido 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Shiseido 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Christian Dior 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Christian Dior 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Christian Dior 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Amorepacific Group 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Amorepacific Group 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Amorepacific Group 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 CHANEL 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 CHANEL 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 CHANEL 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Jordana Cosmetics 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Jordana Cosmetics 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Jordana Cosmetics 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 Revlon 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 Revlon 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Revlon 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.11 SISLEY 8.12 Jane Iredale 8.13 KATE 8.14 Almay 8.15 Phydicians Formula 8.16 VOV 8.17 Marykay 8.18 Marie Dalgar 8.19 Carslan 8.20 Flamingo 8.21 Bleunuit Continued… Buy this report @ www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&rep… Contact Us: NORAH TRENT Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Follow on LinkedIn @www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pv… ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub-categories. ADDRES: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFashion, Lifestyle, Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Memantine Market by Technology, Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecasts, 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext Global Shielding Gases Market 2017 -Praxair, Matheson, Air Products & Chemicals, Messer Group, Universal Industrial Gases, Novomer Search Recent Posts Christine Ott Joins APA as Senior Development Officer Research and Markets – Global CRISPR And CRISPR-Associated (Cas) Genes Market Analysis 2014-2017 & 2025: Focus on Genome Engineering, Disease Models, Functional Genomics Ablation Device Market is expected to hit $5.4 Billion by 2021 Global Cash Logistics Market 2017-2021 The Antenna World Market to hit $ 22.5 billion by 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Alert 64° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu Alert 64° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Business April 24, 2017 4:00 AM Target sharpens edge through partnerships with Harry's and Bevel razor companies By KAVITA KUMAR Star Tribune (Minneapolis) LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story MINNEAPOLIS – Target saw the writing on the fogged-up bathroom mirror. Its sales of men's razors and blades, one of the biggest categories in its beauty and personal care aisles, had begun to slip as a number of upstart online brands were disrupting the industry and going straight to consumers, bypassing stores altogether. Its solution? The Minneapolis-based retailer joined forces with them. In the past year, Target has partnered with two subscription-based online brands – Harry's and Bevel – brokering exclusive deals to be the only mass retailer to carry their products. "It's been really working so far – knock on wood," said John Butcher, Target's senior vice president of beauty merchandising. Target's market share in men's shaving has jumped by double digits, as has its overall sales of men's razors, he said. About 50 percent of Target's razor handle sales and about 15 percent of its cartridges now come from Harry's. And unlike what some expected, it hasn't necessarily come at the expense of the longtime king of the razor aisle – Procter & Gamble's Gillette. Gillette's sales at Target have also been up, despite losing a bit of shelf space as Target cleaned up the product presentation, Butcher said. "There were some skeptics out there," he said. "But the hypothesis was if we become a more meaningful destination for men's shave, then we get more people in the aisle. And that affords everybody in the aisle the opportunity to win more business at Target. That's exactly what's happening." Butcher said the alliance with Harry's and Bevel is one of many ways Target is looking to beef up its offerings for men, who are increasingly shopping for themselves. "Guys have been underserved," he said. "We feel like he's looking for newness and he's looking for solutions to his modern-day problems." While it already sells a ton of men's underwear, Target also sees some white space when it comes to clothing. So later this year, Target will launch a new in-house men's apparel brand. A key ingredient to the partnership with Harry's has been the eye-popping endcap displays that have been turning the heads of shoppers in a part of the store they were used to just breezing by without much inspiration. "The test at Target was 'can we fundamentally alter the retail experience for buying shaving and grooming products and stop people in their tracks for the first time in a long time,'" said Jeff Raider, co-CEO of Harry's. "It's hard to do that in a small way. You've got to go big." When it first launched in Target's 1,800 stores last August, Harry's displays included larger-than-life 4-foot-tall razors. Earlier this year, those were swapped out for a cutout of a guy in boxer shorts and tube socks standing in front of a mirror with a dog at his feet. It's been so popular that some customers have tried walking out of the store with it. Amid the rapid innovation happening in the category, the $2.6 billion men's shaving industry has been picking up steam over the past several years and grew about 4.4 percent last year, according to Euromonitor. While the pie has gotten bigger, Gillette has been losing ground. Its marketshare has dropped from 64 percent in 2013 to 54 percent in 2016. Dollar Shave Club, another direct-to-consumer company that sells online subscriptions and was sold to Unilever for $1 billion last year, now has about 8 percent of the market and has surpassed Bic, according to Euromonitor. Meanwhile, Harry's, the No. 5 brand, more than doubled its share last year to 4 percent. The disruption in Target's shaving aisle highlights the retailer's increased willingness to make room on its shelves for up-and-coming specialty brands in order to stay relevant, putting the big national brands on notice that they might lose some shelf space, said Carol Spieckerman, a retail consultant. "Up to this point, there were certain categories that have been sacred spaces for national brands," said Spieckerman. "You could see this (in men's shaving) as the first of many more encroachments." There's not much the big brands can do about it. "A national brand can't afford to turn down Target's business," Spieckerman said. "They just have to get over it." It's also pushed some companies to accelerate their innovation efforts. Gillette launched its own direct-to-consumer subscription service a couple of years ago and has recently cut prices. "There has always been competition in this category, and we are taking that seriously – in store or with new competitors online," Gillette spokeswoman Barbara Diecker said in an email. "We continue to focus our efforts on growing in both the traditional and e-commerce spaces." While low-priced Harry's and Dollar Shave Club were created in part because they felt the big brands were overcharging men for razors and blades, Bevel was aimed at addressing the frustrations of men of color who often struggle with razor bumps. Its single-blade system is a much higher-priced, premium product with razors starting at $50. Target started carrying Bevel in February 2016. This year, it has expanded its presence from 125 to 450 stores. Bevel now also sells its products through Amazon. "We care about retail in a big way," Bevel founder Tristan Walker said last month at an industry event in Las Vegas. "The thing that people really don't understand is retail is an incredibly profitable business. It's an incredibly predictable business." And it's a rapidly growing part of his business. Retail sales through Target and Amazon made up 10 percent of Bevel's overall sales last year, but is expected to account for about half of total sales this year, he said. While its online business was also growing fast, Harry's executives said customers told them they wanted to be able to pick up replacement blades in a store if they ran out before their next subscription delivery was scheduled to arrive. Target made sense as a retail partner not only because of a shared design and value philosophy, but because about 75 percent of their customers were already Target shoppers. The Target partnership has also helped Harry's reach new customers and those who aren't necessarily interested in subscribing, preferring to try it out first or to buy it when already in the store, Raider said. He added that while selling at Target hasn't driven a surge of new online subscriptions to Harry.com, it has helped drive business to Target's own small-but-growing subscription service. Harry's is the top-selling brand for the service. In fact, Harry's team has been giving advice and pointers to Target to help improve its subscription business. Raider said he's not worried about losing out on direct sales as a result. "It's got to be right for customers," he said. "At the end of the day, we put our customers first, our business second. And what that tends to do is drive business." After its exclusive agreement with Target expires, Raider said he's not sure if the brand will expand to other mass retailers. "For now we're just focused on trying to make the Target relationship feel really special and learn from it," he said. "Over time, we'll be free to do what we want. But that doesn't necessarily mean that we will. ... We don't see our brand everywhere all at once." Harry's declined to disclose what percentage of its sales now come through Target, but Raider said a "significant majority" of Harry's business is still through direct sales online. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:07 9 hours ago Overturned dump truck on Forestbrook Road 1:26 3 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.25 View More Video National Business Wells Fargo to face irritated shareholders at annual meeting Last words haunt surviving teen's sentencing in fatal fire Converting coal would help China's smog at climate's expense Aviation officer gives his version of United flight removal The Latest: Mistrial declared for 4 in Cliven Bundy standoff National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Breaking News Health+ Diet + FitnessLiving WellParenting + Family U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram Indian ad with transgender mom stirs debate -- and tears By Manveena Suri, CNN Updated 9:44 PM ET, Wed April 19, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Transgender identity, in their words Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Transgender identity, in their words 02:44 Story highlights Transgender rights have made progress in India but some problems remain Trans people cannot legally adopt children in India New Delhi (CNN)An advert challenging the norms of a traditional family in India has gone viral, with more than 9 million views on YouTube. The ad's storyline pushes the issue of transgender rights within the country and reveals the human side of the issue in just three and a half minutes. Released online on March 31, the commercial by medicine company Vicks tells the true story of Gayatri, a young Indian orphan who was adopted by Gauri Sawant, a 37-year-old Mumbai-based transgender woman and social activist. On a bus on her way to boarding school, Gayatri recalls her life and how she was adopted by Sawant after her birth mother was taken away in an ambulance, never coming back. Throughout the ad, we catch glimpses of Sawant but she is only revealed in full when Gayatri turns to her and says, "This is my mom. Isn't she lovely?" Read More Gayatri says Sawant sends her to boarding school because she wants her to become a doctor. But in the final scene, Gayatri says she would rather become a lawyer, suggesting she would rather fight for the rights that her mother is denied as a transgender Indian. Trans people cannot legally adopt children in India. A non-traditional family The commercial features the real Gayatri and Gauri Sawant. Gayatri was 6 years old when her mother, a sex worker, died of AIDS. Gauri, her mother's friend, decided to raise her as her own and is doing it "against all odds," the advert states as she is unable to legally adopt the child herself. Trying to find love as a transgender man Commenting online, the ad's director Neeraj Ghaywan was keen to point out that Sawant plays herself in the commercial. "Just hoping someday the world will be as one," he wrote. In a statement, Nitin Darbari, a spokesman for Vicks' parent company, Procter and Gamble, said the company was hoping to highlight "the importance of care beyond just the traditional perception of family." "The campaign shows how people who, though not connected by blood, end up being family through care itself," Darbari said. The video forms part of the company's #TouchOfCare campaign and since its release online, has had an overwhelming number of comments, with the majority being positive. Similar views have been shared on Twitter. I'm not crying, you're crying. But really, great story that brings awareness to trans+ issues. #vicksindia— Sebastian Nemec (@SebastianJNemec) April 16, 2017 Brilliant ad. Motherhood knows no gender #sheshermother Vicks - Generations of Care #TouchOfCare https://t.co/rPGz8fXlA2— Mrym. (@mrymler) April 18, 2017 Politician Shashi Tharoor, who had been at the forefront of a now rejected bill that sought to decriminalize gay sex, tweeted his support of the ad's messaging. Amazing short film on transgender rights https://t.co/ch1nvTFv9g brilliantly made for VicksIndia, but without a bottle of Vicks in sight!— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) April 16, 2017 But actress, artist and transgender rights activist Kalki Subramaniam has mixed views. While she can see it from the public's perspective, as an activist she questions the benefit the ad will have on transgender communities. "Yes, this ad promotes transgender rights, our rights as mothers, our rights in social and civil activities, and our right as a citizen but the one thing I don't like about this ad is that it sensationalizes an issue," Subramaniam told CNN. "This is a trend in India. People are using transgender people because it gets a lot of attention but the community is still begging and doing sex work. What are they giving back to the community?" she asked. Limited progress to date India's transgender community, known as "hijras," can date their origins as far back as 3,000 years ago with mentions in the Hindu epics "Mahabharata" and "Ramayana." During the Mughal Empire, which ruled the Indian subcontinent between 1526 and 1858, they are believed to have held significant power, serving as royal advisers and protectors of royal harems. Transgender rights: These countries are ahead of the US Their status deteriorated rapidly however during the British empire. In a paper, Dr M. Michelraj from Annamalai University in India wrote that the British "vigorously sought to criminalize the hijra community and to deny them their civil rights." The legacy of this stigmatization lingered and the community continued to face discrimination after independence, often being pushed to the edges of society and forced to depend on sex work to get by. But in recent years, India has made strides when it comes to transgender rights. In a landmark vote in 2014, India's Supreme Court granted the country's "hijra," or transgender people, and those classified as third-gender the right to self-identify without sex reassignment surgery. It is one of 20 countries that has passed some form of legislation recognizing their status. The ruling in India enabled transgender people equal access to education, health care and employment, as well as protection from discrimination, with Sawant being one of the original petitioners to challenge the government, resulting in the passage of the law. Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter. "India is very progressive. A person can choose his or her gender, you don't need to have a medical certificate. This speaks of our constitutional morality and recognizes gender politics," said Akkai Padmashali, a transgender activist and founder of Ondede, a Bangalore-based NGO that works with the LGBT community. But transgender people -- along with same-sex couples -- still cannot legally adopt children in India. Subramaniam believes change comes slowly. "Passing a law doesn't change society overnight ... the government, the public, the activists need to work together to promote transgender rights and equality," said Subramaniam. For Padmashali, the Vicks advert is a small step in stirring debate on this issue and bringing it to a wider audience. "The transgender community has been socially excluded for so many centuries," she said. "(The advert) shows society that we are human beings. To adopt or to have a child is beyond your gender or sexuality. Gauri Sawant's life story is a model for society." Content by LendingTree Mortgage rates drop. Do you qualify for the lowest rates? Not enough people use this credit card payoff trick Refinance rates are near historic lows. Don't miss out. Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Veteran homeowners get a huge reward In 2017 Paid Partner Content Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth Trulia Explore the city, discover the car. Bentley takes detail to new heights in Dubai Wallpaper What's your home worth? Find out here Trulia USM heads into the future with glowing new additions to a classic system Wallpaper Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Trulia Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
ABOUT / TODAY IN HISTORY / DAYTIME / CASTING NEWS / SPOILERS / PRIMETIME / WEB SERIES / NOVELAS / POLL / RATINGS / FLASHBACK The Bold and the Beautiful / Days of our Lives / General Hospital / The Young and the Restless Today in Soap Opera History (April 23) Posted by Roger Newcomb 1968: Dark Shadows' Angelique appeared to Barnabas in a dream. 1986: Santa Barbara's Pearl remembered his name under hypnosis. 2002: Passions' Sheridan came face to face with Luis. 2008: As the World Turns' Luke and Noah shared a kiss. "The present contains nothing more than the past, and what is found in the effect is already in the cause." ― Henri Louis Bergson "Today in Soap Opera History" is a collection of the most memorable, interesting and influential events in the history of scripted, serialized programs. From birthdays and anniversaries to scandals and controversies, every day this column celebrates the soap opera in American culture. On this date in... 1968: On Dark Shadows, Angelique Bouchard Collins (Lara Parker) appeared to Barnabas Collins (Jonathan Frid) in a dream and told him that he could not escape her or her revenge. She warned him to beware of dreams, as that is the way the curse would return to him. 1971: Actor House Jameson died at age 68. During his career, Jameson played roles in Another World, The Edge of Night and Dark Shadows. He was featured earlier this year in Retro TV's 1968 reruns of The Doctors in the role Nathan Bunker. 1981: On General Hospital, Alan (Stuart Damon) told Susan that he wanted to update his will. 1984: On Days of our Lives, Diane Parker (DeAnna Robbins) wasn't happy to see her pimp, Nick Corelli (George Jenesky, now known as Conrad Dunn) at Shenanigans. 1984: On The Edge of Night, LK Pendleton murdered Tess McAdams (Carrie Armstrong). 1985: On Guiding Light, while being held captive by Floyd, India managed to record over Phillip's taped confession. 1986: On Santa Barbara, Pearl (Robert Thaler) revealed his real name while under hypnosis: Michael Baldwin Bradford III. 1990: ITV daytime soap opera Families premiered. Created by Kay Mellor, the show ran until August 24, 1994. 1990: On The Young and the Restless, Brock (Beau Kazer) felt something wasn't right about Katherine (Jeanne Cooper) as he left the country. 1992: Longtime Days of our Lives producer Jack Herzberg died at age 75. 2002: On Passions, Luis (Galen Gering) and Sheridan (Mackenzie Westmore) came face to face at the masquerade ball. 2006: Actress Susan Browning died at age 60. She played roles in Love is a Many Splendored Thing, One Life to Live and Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman. 2007: CBS aired the 13,000th episode of As the World Turns. 2008: On As the World Turns, Luke (Van Hansis) and Noah (Jake Silbermann) shared their first kiss in seven months, which officially ended the "kissing ban" that was mandated by Procter & Gamble. 2009: ABC began broadcasting General Hospital in high definition. Today's Birthdays: Lee Majors (ex-Ken, Dallas) - 78 Blair Brown (ex-Nina, Fringe) - 71 Paulette Breen (ex-Claudette, All My Children) - 70 Craig Sheffer (ex-Ian, One Life to Live) - 57 Melina Kanakaredes (ex-Eleni, Guiding Light) - 50 Daphne Bloomer (ex-Colleen, The Bay; ex-Marty, General Hospital; ex-Eugenia, Days of our Lives) - 44 Barry Watson (ex-Randy, Days of our Lives; ex-Matt, 7th Heaven) - 43 Terri Simmons (ex-Parker, Pretty) John Cena (WWE) - 40 Jaime King (ex-Lemon, Hart of Dixie) - 38 Aaron Hill (ex-Beaver, Greek) - 34 Jesse Lee Soffer (ex-Will, As the World Turns; ex-Max, Guiding Light) - 33 Molly Burnett (ex-Melanie, Days of our Lives; Lisa, Empire; Sarah, Venice) - 30 EDITOR'S NOTE: If you would like to submit a soap history entry for this date or a future date, email editor@welovesoaps.com. Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Categories: As The World Turns, Birthdays, Dark Shadows, Days of our Lives, Guiding Light, History, Passions, The Edge of Night No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) CONTACT WE LOVE SOAPS: Roger Newcomb - roger@welovesoaps.com Kevin Mulcahy Jr. - kevin@welovesoaps.com           Search We Love Soaps Featured Post Carolyn Hennesy to Host Daytime Emmys Red Carpet on Facebook Live The National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences has announced that not only will the Daytime Emmy Awards be live-streamed on Faceboo... Popular Posts Daytime Emmy Profile: Monica Horan Nominated for Outstanding Guest Star, THE BOLD & THE BEAUTIFUL A memorable guest star spot as a "tacky tourist" turned into a recurring role for funny lady Monica Horan. Best known for her 9 ye... Today in Soap Opera History (April 21) 1961: ATWT's Penny wasn't sure about Ellen's custody case. 1967: Dark Shadows' Barnabas met Roger and Carolyn. 1978: F... Today in Soap Opera History (April 20) 1970: Days of our Lives' Julie married Scott. 1978: Ryan's Hope's Faith prepared to married Tom. 1981: Dynasty's firs... Today in Soap Opera History (April 19) 1983: All My Children's Verla Grubbs told Phoebe about her father. 1985: Todd arrived in Salem. on Days of our Lives . 1990: Bo Bra... Daytime Emmys Reels: Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series Check out the reels below submitted by the five nominees for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series at the 44th Annual Daytime Emmy Award... Chrishell Stause Wants 'This Is Us' Creator To Help Justin Hartley With His Wedding Vows, And Gets Honest About Receiving Death Threats From Hartley’s Female Fans Pictured (left to right): Keltie Knight, Jac Vanek, Chrishell Stause and Becca Tobin. Former All My Children and Days of our Lives sta... FLASHBACK: Joan Crawford Takes Daughter's Soap Opera Role 1968 (Updated With Audio!) Joan Crawford Takes Daughter's Soap Opera Role by Robert Windeler New York Times October 23, 1968 Joan Crawford, the 60-year-old ... Soap Opera Spoilers - Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers - Days of our Lives Spoilers - General Hospital Spoilers - Young and the Restless Spoilers Translate Powered by Blogger.
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia 59° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 59° Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad Michigan defensive end Taco Charlton (33) impressed in his only year as a starter for the Wolverines. Alan Diaz AP Football April 24, 2017 5:45 PM 2017 NFL draft: Top 10 defensive linemen | Panthers set at DT, but could use an edge rusher By Joseph Person jperson@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The Observer’s top 10 defensive linemen available in the 2017 NFL draft: Texas A&M defensive end Myles Garrett could very well be the top overall pick in the 2017 NFL draft. Sam Craft AP 1. Myles Garrett College: Texas A&M. Position: DE. Ht.: 6-4. Wt.: 272. Projected round: 1st. Comment: Has been presumptive No. 1 pick for months, and has drawn comparisons to Von Miller. 2. Jonathan Allen College: Alabama. Position: DT. Ht.: 6-3. Wt.: 286. Projected round: 1st. Comment: SEC’s DPOY had 10.5 sacks, a blocked FG and two fumble recoveries for TDs in ‘16. 3. Solomon Thomas College: Stanford. Position: DE. Ht.: 6-2. Wt.: 273. Projected round: 1st. Comment: Ability to push the pocket from inside or out adds flexibility to a defense. 4. Derek Barnett College: Tennessee. Position: DE. Ht.: 6-3. Wt.: 259. Projected round: 1st. Comment: Broke Reggie White’s career sacks record at Tennessee with 33; added 52 TFLs. 5. Takkarist McKinley College: UCLA. Position: DE. Ht.: 6-2. Wt.: 250. Projected round: 1st-2nd. Comment: Smallish playmaker collected 10 sacks and three forced fumbles in 10 starts last year. 6. Tim Williams College: Alabama Position: DE. Ht.: 6-3. Wt.: 244. Projected round: 1st-2nd. Comment: Could be best edge rusher in draft, but character concerns have hurt him. Missouri defensive end Charles Harris boasts a variety of pass rush moves and great closing speed. Jeff Roberson AP 7. Charles Harris College: Missouri. Position: DE. Ht.: 6-3. Wt.: 253. Projected round: 1st-2nd. Comment: Boasts a variety of pass-rush moves and has great closing speed to get to QB. 8. Taco Charlton College: Michigan. Position: DE. Ht.: 6-5. Wt.: 277. Projected round: 1st-2nd. Comment: Great size and strength, but was only a one-year starter for Wolverines. 9. Caleb Brantley College: Florida. Position: DT. Ht.: 6-3. Wt.: 307. Projected round: 2nd. Comment: Good size and interior movement, but didn’t make a ton of plays for Gators. 10. Malik McDowell College: Michigan. Position: DT. Ht.: 6-6. Wt.: 295. Projected round: 2nd-3rd. Comment: Ran the 40 in 4.89 seconds at the combine – impressive for a near 300-pounder. Panthers’ perspective After taking Vernon Butler in the first round last year and getting Kawann Short under contract (along with Star Lotulelei and Kyle Love), the Panthers are set at defensive tackle. But defensive end is another story. Carolina was at Thomas’ pro day and would snag the Stanford edge rusher if he were to fall to No. 8. Otherwise, a few second- or-third day DEs to keep an eye on: Kansas State’s Jordan Willis, Ohio’s Tarell Basham and Villanova’s Tanoh Kpassagnon. Local connection Charlotte nose tackle Larry Ogunjobi is set to become the 49ers’ first drafted player after starting 44 games in college and graduating with degrees in computer science and biology. Ogunjobi has his eye on med school, but that can wait. NFL Network analyst Mike Mayock lists Ogunjobi as his fourth-rated interior lineman, and he’s projected to be picked in the third round. Sleeper Florida Atlantic defensive end Trey Hendrickson (6-4, 266) started showing up on scouts’ radars after an impressive showing in the East-West game and a 4.65-second clocking in the 40 at the combine. Though he’s getting knocked for his short arms, Hendrickson was C-USA’s Defensive Player of the Year and finished as FAU’s all-time sacks leader (29.5). Worth noting Thomas lived in Australia for five years as a child when his father worked for Proctor & Gamble. Thomas was swimming by the age of 3 and bodysurfing the Great Barrier Reef at 5. ... North Carolina defensive tackle Nazair Jones experienced lower-body paralysis in high school that resulted from a chronic regional pain syndrome and caused his weight to drop to 215 pounds. Jones, a mid-round prospect, gets a weekly injection of anti-inflammatories for his condition. He wore No. 90 in high school because of Julius Peppers, and has been told he looks like Peppers. [TOP 10 RUNNING BACKS: Panthers’ top pick might come from this list] [TOP 10 WIDE RECEIVERS: Three Carolinas prospects among the best] [TOP 10 QUARTERBACKS: UNC’s Trubisky, Clemson’s Watson top list] [TOP 10 LINEBACKERS: Will Panthers seek depth in late rounds?] [TOP 10 DEFENSIVE BACKS: List is full of Buckeyes; Panthers could dip in] [TOP 5 SPECIALISTS: Possible competition for Panthers’ Graham Gano] [MORE: Complete Carolina Panthers coverage] LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 months ago Georgia high school quarterback Trevor Lawrence talks about semifinals win, national attention 1:23 5 months ago Georgia high school quarterback Trevor Lawrence talks about semifinals win, national attention 0:56 a year ago Marcus Lattimore is assistant coach at Heathwood Hall 1:55 a year ago VIDEO: Former Gamecocks Shon Carson, T.J. Gurley train for Pro Day View More Video Football Edge rushers who could be Carolina Panthers? They are spread through 2017 NFL draft 2017 NFL draft: Top 10 defensive backs | How did anyone complete a pass vs. Ohio State? Defensive end Joey Bosa joins Chargers for workouts Chargers GM: Joey Bosa is working out with teammates Dave Hyde: Jake Long a cautionary tale as Dolphins draft night approaches Football Sports Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Growth of Anti-Aging Market Driven by Advancements in Technology Arlington, VA — (SBWIRE) — 04/24/2017 — IMARC Group’s new report, titled „Global Anti-Aging Market Report and Forecast (2017-2021)”, finds that the global anti-aging market reached a value of US $ 43.66 Billion in 2016, growing at a CAGR of 7.2% during 2009-2016. With increasing focus on physical appearance, both young and old consumers are seeking out anti-aging and preventive skin and hair care solutions. This trend coupled with the rising consumer base for quick and effective anti-aging solutions has boosted the demand for anti-aging products. As a result, various firms are making large investments in research and development of innovative technology, and in manufacture of diverse anti-aging products. According to the report, the global anti-aging market is expected to reach a value of 63.48 Billion by 2021, growing at a CAGR of around 8% during 2017-2021. Request free sample copy of research report: http://www.imarcgroup.com/request?type=report&id=672&flag=B Highlights of the Global Anti-Aging Market: Technological advancement and steady growth in aging population are driving the anti-aging market. People belonging to the high-income group account for the majority of consumption. Skin-care industry represents the largest industry, accounting for almost three-fourths of the global output. One of the major factors driving the global anti-aging market is the rising population of people above the age of 35 years. People belonging to this age group account for a significant part of the total population and contribute to the rising demand for these products. Owing to the technological advancements, and introduction of safer and effective anti-aging cosmetics in the market, the consumer base of these products has expanded. Nowadays, middle class consumers are also going for premium personal care products due to an increase in disposable incomes. Brand and product endorsements by celebrities have also played a crucial role in influencing consumers and establishing the anti-aging industry. The anti-aging market has been segmented on the basis of key demographic factors like age, gender and income group. People belonging to the age group of 35-55 year account for about half of the total consumption. Moreover, this market is dominated by females and people belonging to high-income group. On the basis of industry, the skin care industry accounts for about three-fourths of the global production, followed by the hair care and dental care industries. The market has been further segmented on the basis of key product categories, and key devices and technology. On the basis of region, the US accounts for the majority of the global anti-aging market, followed by Japan, France, Brazil, Germany, China, South Korea and Italy. Some of the major players operating in this market include Allergan, L’Oréal, Beiersdorf, Estee Lauder, Procter & Gamble, Shiseido and Unilever. Click here for summary of the report: http://www.imarcgroup.com/anti-aging-market The report by IMARC Group has examined the Global Anti-Aging Market on the basis of: Demography: Age group Gender Income Industry: Skin care Hair care Dental care Key product categories: Anti-wrinkle creams Botulinum Toxin A Injections Dermal fillers Anti-pigmentation products Chemical peels Sunscreen products Hair care products Key devices and technology: Microdermabrasion devices Aesthetic energy devices Radio frequency devices Ultrasound devices Region: France Germany Italy United Kingdom Russia Spain United states Brazil Japan South korea China Thailand India Key players: Allergan L’Oréal Beiersdorf Estee Lauder Procter & Gamble Shiseido Unilever Find more Healthcare Market Research Reports: http://www.imarcgroup.com/categories/healthcare-market-research-reports About IMARC Group IMARC Group is a leading market research company that offers management strategy and market research worldwide. We partner with clients in all sectors and regions to identify their highest-value opportunities, address their most critical challenges, and transform their businesses. IMARC’s information products include major market, scientific, economic and technological developments for business leaders in pharmaceutical, industrial, and high technology organizations. Market forecasts and industry analysis for biotechnology, advanced materials, pharmaceuticals, food and beverage, travel and tourism, nanotechnology and novel processing methods are at the top of the company’s expertise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Solvent Based Ink Market Will Grow Exponentially During 2016 – 2024 Next PostNext Mold Inhibitors Market Estimated High Sales by 2016-2024 Search Recent Posts Global Industrial Dryers Market to Reach Nearly US $3,415 Million by the End of 2024 Municipal and Industrial Sludge Treatment Market to Increase at Steady Growth Rate by 2016-2024 Global Strontium Market Estimated to Gain CAGR of 4.91% by 2024, Driven by Its Increased Use Across Novel and Traditional Application Global Synthetic and Bio Based Polypropylene Market Accounting a Higher Growth by 2016–2024 Global Halal Food & Beverages Market 2017 – Features Key Companies (Nestle, Cargill, Nema Food Company, Midamar, Namet Gida) Proudly powered by WordPress
The Realistic Coupon Guide for Everyday People Credit Cards Investing Banking Education Insurance Taxes Credit Cards Investing Banking Education Insurance Taxes × Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Rewards Credit Cards of 2017 Best Cash Back Credit Cards for 2017 Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards for 2017 Best IRA Accounts of 2017 Best Online Stock Trading Brokers for 2017 Roth IRA vs 401k? You May Not Have to Choose Best Money Market Accounts for 2017 The Best High-Interest Savings Accounts Online for 2017 The Best Free Checking Account in 2017 Best Savings Account in 2017 How to Find the Best CD Rates in 2017 Affordable Online Bachelor's Degree Programs in 2017 Affordable Online Master's Degree Programs in 2017 Affordable Online MBA Programs in 2017 Why You Should Consider Trade School Instead of College Best Car Insurance Companies of 2017 Best Life Insurance Companies for 2017 The Best Home Insurance for 2017 Affordable Health Insurance Options in 2017 Best Tax Software for 2017 The 5 Best Free Tax Software for 2017 Understanding Income Tax Brackets Income Tax Calculator Updated on 04.24.17 The Realistic Coupon Guide for Everyday People by Monica Harvin How to make using coupons fast and easy Extreme couponing may work for some people, but for most, it’s just not worth the time and energy. Fortunately, there are many easy ways to use coupons that don’t require a lot of work. From mobile coupon apps to online coupon clipping, technology is changing how we use coupons — making it easier to save (no coupon binders required). In this guide, we’ve highlighted ten of the best, easy-to-use coupon apps for everyday purchases. Plus, you’ll get a clear and simple breakdown of where to find coupons – and how to use technology to make couponing an effortless part of your shopping routine. Best coupon apps for everyday purchases The best mobile coupon apps are easy to use — and unlike an old-school coupon binder, you’ll always have your coupons with you when you need them. Below are ten of the best mobile coupon apps for saving money with minimal effort. Mobisave Mobisave is one of best coupon apps out there for rebates. It deposits your rebates of any amount, usually within 24 hours, to your PayPal account. This is a major plus because many other apps make you wait until you reach a certain dollar amount to get your coupon payouts. Just select the offers you want to redeem and snap a picture of your receipt to get paid. Mobisave also offers a wide array of coupons for fresh produce and unprocessed foods, a feature you won’t find in many coupon apps. Download Mobisave for iPhone or Android.   Checkout 51 Checkout 51 features coupons for grocery stores around the country. This includes discount grocers like Aldi and wholesale clubs like Sam’s Club that don’t accept manufacturer coupons in-store. The app features rotating coupons for fresh foods, too. To get your rebates, clip mobile coupons and submit a picture of your receipt for those items. Once your balance reaches $20, cash out your balance to your PayPal account. Download Checkout 51 for iPhone or Android.   Flipp Flipp compiles all of your weekly circulars in one place, making it quick and easy to compare offers. It also shows you how to combine mobile coupons with local deals at your favorite stores. Link your various loyalty cards with Flipp, and say goodbye to fumbling around with coupons at checkout. Just scan your loyalty cards, and your savings are automatically applied. Download Flipp for iPhone or Android.   Ibotta Ibotta pairs really well with other coupon apps, allowing you to easily combine offers. For example, pair it with other rebate apps like Checkout 51 and Mobisave to find the most savings. You can also use an app like Coupons.com that get you discounts at the time of purchase, then use Ibotta to get additional savings by submitting a picture of your receipt. You can withdraw your cash payouts with PayPal or Venmo once you reach $20 in rebates. Ibotta also offers cashback when you use the app to shop at select online retailers. Couple this with a cashback credit card and the savings will add up fast! Download Ibotta for iPhone or Android.   Walmart Savings Catcher Walmart’s Savings Catcher cuts out uncertainty over whether you’re getting the lowest price. Just scan your Walmart receipt using the Savings Catcher feature in the Walmart app, and the app will scan local competitors’ advertised prices. If it finds a lower advertised price, you’ll get a refund for the difference loaded onto an electronic Walmart gift card. Combine this app with other mobile coupon apps to get extra savings on top of those already low prices. Download the Walmart app for iPhone or Android.   Coupons.com The Coupons.com app makes it easy to collect and redeem mobile coupons. Load your coupons to store loyalty cards and collect your savings at the time of purchase. For stores without loyalty programs, just clip your offers and submit a photo of your receipt to get your savings via PayPal. If you don’t mind printing coupons, Coupons.com also has printable coupons you can save to print later for more in-store savings. Download Coupons.com for iPhone or Android.   SavingStar SavingStar frequently features savings on niche products, not available with other coupon apps. You’ll also find high-dollar coupon offers redeemable in one shopping trip or over multiple trips. Connect your loyalty cards to redeem offers at checkout or submit pictures of receipts from featured stores without a loyalty program. Once you’ve collected $5 in your account, you can cash out your savings. Download SavingStar for iPhone or Android.   Shopular Shopular is a must for online shoppers looking to earn some extra cash back. Compare your favorite store’s weekly ads right in Shopular, then launch your online shopping experiences from the app. You’ll collect cash back on every purchase you make and get access to special bonus cashback offers. Pair this app with the best cashback credit cards to increase your overall savings. Download Shopular for iPhone or Android.   Snip Snap Snip Snap lets you create and share coupon bundles. You can search for digital coupons or snap pictures of paper coupons to digitize the information. This eliminates the need for cumbersome coupon binders because you can organize your coupons into bundles right in the app. When you’re ready to use a coupon, you can easily pull up its scannable barcode to redeem at many stores, restaurants, and more. Download Snip Snap for iPhone or Android.   RetailMeNot RetailMeNot aggregates online and in-store deals for your favorite retailers and restaurants. As you select coupons, the app learns your preferences and presents more customized offers over time. Turn on location services to find coupons for restaurants and stores near you, no matter where you are. Download RetailMeNot for iPhone or Android.   Where to find coupons Coupon apps will help you start saving right away without a huge time commitment. However, if you want to find additional easy coupon savings, you’ll need to know where to find and how to use online coupons and promo codes. If you have paper coupons lying around, there’s technology to help organize those into digital bundles. Some of the coupon strategies below require a little more planning, but others, as you’ll learn, require as little work as simply installing a plugin in your web browser. Mobile coupons Mobile coupon apps make it easy for you to clip coupons for later use, similar to how you clip coupons online or from your newspaper. Just download the apps to your smartphone and clip coupons whenever and wherever you decide. These apps make it easy to manage your coupons and help to ensure that you always have your coupons on-hand when you go shopping. Some mobile coupon apps also have a website where you can find and clip coupons using a Coupon Finder. This gives you flexibility to choose the platform — mobile or desktop — that’s most convenient for you to search for coupons. Clipping mobile coupons The way each app stores your coupon differs, though. Apps like Flipp let you load your coupons to your favorite loyalty cards. By loading coupons to the loyalty cards you already use, these mobile apps make it easy to redeem your savings at the time of purchase. For featured stores without a loyalty program, apps like Coupons.com and SavingStar offer the ability to submit a picture of your receipt to collect your savings after you’ve already made the purchase. Other apps like Shopular and Groupon store your coupons within the app. When you want to redeem the coupon, access your coupon on your smartphone to show it to the cashier or get the information you need to use it online. Clipping mobile rebate offers Some mobile coupon apps like Mobisave, Checkout 51, and Ibotta offer rebates after you’ve purchased an eligible product. With these types of apps, you submit a picture of your receipt, select the rebates you want to receive with each receipt, then receive money back, most often through PayPal. Online coupons You can now find most coupons online. Even the coupons you’d typically find in your local newspaper or weekly mailers like RedPlum and Valpak are now available online. There are many ways to use online coupons, and some are easier than others. Here’s a breakdown of the types of online coupons you’ll find in the wild: Clip Online, Load to Loyalty Card Clip online coupons are the digital version of traditional coupon clipping. You clip these coupons to save them for later use at your favorite stores. Some websites like P&G Everyday allow you clip coupons online and link them to your store loyalty cards. This is convenient because your clipped coupons are automatically applied to your purchases when you swipe your linked loyalty card in-store. Clip Online, Print Later Websites like Whole Foods offer clip online coupons that you must print out. To redeem these coupons, you must present the coupons you’ve printed out at the time of purchase. While this isn’t the most convenient option, it may be the only way to save at some stores. Though, remember the coupon app Mobisave can get you post-purchase savings at any grocery store. Clip Online, Use Online Clip online, use online coupons are redeemable online, rather than at a physical store. These coupons typically require you to sign in to your online account in order to clip the coupons for later use online. Amazon.com/coupons is one example of this. Promo Codes Lots of online retailers use promo codes instead of digital coupons. Typically, you enter promo codes when you’re checking out online. Every promo code comes with its own set of rules: some can be used multiple times, while others are valid for one-time use only. Some companies use promo codes to drive referrals, which means you get rewarded for sharing your promo code with friends and family. Promo codes are easy and tricky to use at the same time. If you have a promo code on hand, you just type it in when you checkout to get your savings. But it’s also really easy to forget to enter your promo code at checkout time. There’s the risk, too, that a better promo code deal is out there and you simply don’t know about it. The solution? We like Honey, a free browser extension that helps you find the best promo codes for every purchase you make online. It automatically finds and inputs promo codes for you when you checkout online, always searching for the best deal on your purchase. Honey also offers cash back rewards to its users, among other perks. To download the Honey extension for Google Chrome, Safari, Firefox, or Opera, visit JoinHoney.com. Paper coupons Paper coupons are harder to keep track of and require more time to organize and manage. It’s easy to forget your coupons at home, or accidentally let a coupon you planned to use expire. However, if you’re okay with some of the downsides of using paper coupons, then there are definitely savings to be had. You can even use an app like Snip Snap to help you organize your paper coupons. Combine paper coupons with mobile coupons to get even more savings. How to combine coupon offers There are lots of really easy ways to increase your coupon savings without having to dedicate lots of time and planning. For example, you can use the Flipp app to discover ways to combine coupons with the lowest prices at your local stores. Then, check for additional savings on your purchases with rebate apps like Mobisave, Ibotta, or Checkout 51. You’ll increase your overall savings with just a few taps. Here’s one example of how this works: Step 1: Recently, Checkout 51 offered $2.00 cash back on the purchase of two packs of Scott® paper towels purchased Walmart. Step 2: At the same time, Ibotta offered $1.00 cash back on a pack of Scott® Choose-A-Sheet™ paper towels. To get these savings, all you had to do was submit a picture of your receipt in each of the apps. Step 3: Since you had to make this purchase at Walmart, you could also use the Walmart Savings Catcher to check and make sure that you paid the lowest advertised price for your paper towels, and possibly get another refund there. The Bottom Line Take advantage of the technology available to get effortless coupon savings. It’s up to you how much or how little time you want to invest in saving money with coupons. You can spend more time planning your purchases to combine in-store and mobile coupon offers if you chose; or, you can simply remember to snap a picture of your receipt with your favorite coupon app to save a little bit here and there. It’s that easy. See Also: Get 2x Points on All Your Travel and Dining >> Recommended For You A Great Way To Pay Off Debt With A No Interest Credit Card Get rid of high interest debt with a 0% balance transfer credit card Get A Free Trip This Summer by using the Right Card Earn credit card points toward your favorite ways to travel Avoid Foreign Transaction Fees with These Top Picks Save money and expand your travel budget by packing any one of these cards on your trip 6 Credit Cards That Can't Be Beat in 2016 A comprehensive guide to maximizing rewards and getting paid back for everything you buy Loading Disqus Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Google+. Loading Facebook Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Facebook. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertiser Disclosure CLOSE Your Personal Financial Toolkit Manage your money IRA Accounts Online Brokers Free Checking Account Savings Accounts Tax Software Free Tax Software Plan for your future Mortgage Rates Auto loans Debt Payoff Calculator Protect your investments Home Insurance Renter’s Insurance Cheap Car Insurance Credit Monitoring Services Optimize your spending Credit Cards Rewards Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Business Credit Cards Credit Cards for Students Credit Cards for Bad Credit Get the new e-book, 202 Ways to Save Money Now, for free! Just sign up to The Simple Dollar Daily and start saving today. Advertiser Disclosure CLOSE Your Personal Financial Toolkit Manage your money IRA Accounts Online Brokers Free Checking Account Savings Accounts Tax Software Free Tax Software Plan for your future Mortgage Rates Auto loans Debt Payoff Calculator Protect your investments Home Insurance Renter’s Insurance Cheap Car Insurance Credit Monitoring Services Optimize your spending Credit Cards Rewards Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Business Credit Cards Credit Cards for Students Credit Cards for Bad Credit Get the new e-book, 202 Ways to Save Money Now, for free! Just sign up to The Simple Dollar Daily and start saving today. About The Simple Dollar Contact Careers © 2017 TheSimpleDollar.com Privacy Terms of Service Advertiser Disclosure Advertising Disclosure: TheSimpleDollar.com has an advertising relationship with some of the offers included on this page. However, the rankings and listings of our reviews, tools and all other content are based on objective analysis. For more information and a complete list of our advertising partners, please check out our full Advertising Disclosure. TheSimpleDollar.com strives to keep its information accurate and up to date. The information in our reviews could be different from what you find when visiting a financial institution, service provider or a specific product's website. All products are presented without warranty. Top
Skip to main content Utility menu MyHumber Library News/Events News Events Media Releases Media Gallery Directories Staff Directory Frequently Called Numbers Maps Book a Tour Info For Future Students Current Students International Students Continuing Education Students Internationally Educated Professionals Faculty & Staff Alumni Guidance Counsellors Employers & Partners Media Search form Search Humber College Main menu About Academic Schools School of Applied Technology The Business School School of Creative & Performing Arts School of Health Sciences School of Hospitality, Recreation & Tourism School of Liberal Arts & Sciences School of Media Studies & Information Technology School of Social & Community Services Centres of Excellence The Humber Digital Broadcast Centre Centre for Trades & Technology Centre for Justice Leadership The English Language Centre The Canadian Centre of Culinary Arts & Science The Humber Recording Studio The Centre for Urban Ecology Health Sciences Clinical Simulation Lab Centre for Healthy Living Humber Fashion Institute International Development Institute International Centre Campuses North Campus Lakeshore Campus Orangeville Campus Campus Development Applied Research & Innovation HumberLaunch KPIs & Rankings Corporate Info Mission & Vision Board of Governors Strategic Planning & Institutional Analysis Policies & Procedures Purchasing Sustainability at Humber Publications History Media Hotlinks Future Students Programs Program Search A-Z by Type Honours Degree Diploma Ontario College Certificate Ontario Graduate Certificate Other Certificates by Academic School School of Applied Technology The Business School School of Creative & Performing Arts School of Health Sciences School of Hospitality, Recreation & Tourism School of Liberal Arts & Sciences School of Media Studies & Information Technology School of Social & Community Services for International Students Study Abroad Continuing Education Fields of Study Courses CE Programs Registration Second Career Corporate Training Bridge Training Hotlinks How to Apply Transfer Options Pathways: Diploma to Degree Humber Degrees Admissions How to Apply Admission Road Map Financial Aid Scholarships Bursaries External Awards, Bursaries & Scholarships Aboriginal Student Awards, Bursaries and Scholarships OSAP Transfer Options International Students Tuition and Expenses Fees Payment Methods Tax Receipts (T2202A) Refunds Office of the Registrar Grading Methods Transcripts Withdrawal Information Hotlinks Confirm Your Offer STUDENT LIFE First Year Life Orientation First in the Family Campus Services Bookstore Residence & Housing Dine on Campus The Humber Room Gourmet Express Humber Food Truck Libraries Parking Campus Security Athletics & Recreation Fitness Centres Lost and Found Student Services Career Centre Learning Resources Test Centre Student Wellness & Accessibility Centre Copy/Print Centre Counselling Services Faith & Spirituality Health Services Aboriginal Resource Centre Accessible Learning Services Information Technology Services (ITS) Open Learning Centre Food Services Get Involved Co-curricular Record (CCR) Student Government (HSF) Student Leadership Academy Be a Peer Mentor Rights & Responsibilities Office of Student Conduct Human Rights, Equity & Diversity Sexual Assault & Sexual Violence Support Hotlinks MyHumber International Global Opportunities Study Abroad Study In Canada Global Citizenship Certificate International Students Hotlinks Global Opportunities Study In Canada Global Citizenship Certificate Search form Search Humber Today Tuesday, April 25, 2017 News Events Social Media Directory Media Releases Media Resources Media Contacts Relief for refugees By Laura Stricker on April 24, 2017 Reading time: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/embed/G9GA_AbizMs?rel=0&amp;modestbranding=1&amp;wmode=opaque">Embedded video for Relief for refugees</a> The devastation in Syria has left millions of people without access to even the most basic supplies — including clean water. So on March 22 (World Water Day), Humber partnered with GlobalMedic to assemble 1700 family emergency kits for 10,000 people displaced in Syria and surrounding countries. The kits contain water purification sachets, toothbrushes, toothpaste and other hygiene supplies donated by Procter & Gamble. Watch the video to learn more about GlobalMedic and see our International Development students in action as they help put the kits together. Share this article: Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share via Email International Development The Business School Bachelor of International Development Upcoming Events April 25, 2017 - 5:00pm Multimedia Design/Web Design Portfolio Show April 26, 2017 - 6:00pm Second Year Film and Television Production Drama Screening April 27, 2017 - 1:30pm Canada's Greenest Employers Reception Related News Weekly Update: World Water Day, EV Test Drive and Justice Studies Career Fair Indonesian youth tell their story at International Development Week You won’t believe the remarkable things these Humber women are doing Humber Today twitter facebook youtube pinterest linkedin gplus rss instagram Programs  Admissions  Student Life  About Humber  Future Students  Current Students  International Students  Faculty & Staff  Alumni  Guidance Counsellors  Employers & Partners  MyHumber  Library  News & Events  Contact Us  Book a Tour  1.416.675.3111 enquiry@humber.ca Careers at Humber Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Student Conduct Academic Integrity Disclosure of Personal Information Request Alternate Format ©2016 Humber College
Menu ⌄ Abbonati alla rivista Abbonati alla rivista Archivio arretrati Chi siamo Contatti Shop Aboutpharma Shop Jobinpharma Shop LAVORA CON NOI Login Registrati Video Foto HPS – Health Publishing and Services Informazioni e servizi per i professionisti dell'healthcare Aboutpharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in Pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Digital Awards   In&Out - Epatite C - Brexit - Governance - Research and Markets – Global Aerosol Market Estimates & Trend Analysis 2014-2017 & 2025: Market Size is Expected to Reach USD 123.98 Billion – Major Players are Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Beiersdorf 24 aprile 2017 Research and Markets – Global Aerosol Market Estimates & Trend Analysis 2014-2017 & 2025: Market Size is Expected to Reach USD 123.98 Billion – Major Players are Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Beiersdorf PR Newswire DUBLIN, Apr. 24, 2017 Research and Markets has announced the addition of the “Aerosol Market Estimates & Trend Analysis By Application (Personal Care, Household, Automotive & Industrial, Food, Paints, Medical), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Central & South America, MEA), And Segment Forecasts, 2014 – 2025” report to their offering. The global aerosol market size is expected to reach USD 123.98 billion by 2025 Increasing demand for aerosol products for packaging products such as insecticides and household cleaners is expected to emerge as the primary growth driver over the forecast period. The market is expected to be driven by the rising demand for aerosol based pharmaceutical products such as pain relief sprays, inhalers, and drug delivery systems. In addition, the industry is likely to exhibit high growth on account of demand for personal care products such as hair sprays, mousses, and shaving foams. Rising concerns regarding the personal hygiene coupled with high demand for deodorants primarily in Asia Pacific is expected to emerge as a major driver for the market growth over the next nine years. In addition, the market for personal care aerosols is expected to be driven by the increasing product launches by major manufacturers such as Unilever and Procter and Gamble Co. Increasing product innovation pertaining to the use of aerosol based food products such as spray oils and salad dressings is expected to emerge as the major growth driver over the forecast period. In addition, rising development of advanced propellant mixtures is expected to alleviate consumer concerns regarding toxicity of propellants, leading to an increased affinity towards aerosols. Further key findings from the study suggest: Household emerged as one of the major application segments accounting for over 31% of the global volume in 2015 and is likely to exhibit substantial growth on account of increasing consumption of air fresheners and bug sprays The demand volume of the product in medical application is expected to register a CAGR of over 5% from 2016 to 2025 on account of growing new product launches coupled with ease of application achieved through use of aerosol based products The market in Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a CAGR of over 7% from 2016 to 2025, on account of rapid development of the personal care industry coupled with increasing penetration of the compound in household products The market in the U.S. is expected to account for over 86% of the revenue demand in North America in 2015 on account of high adoption by the consumers in the economy coupled with the high disposable income enabling the purchase of higher priced products Major market players such as Procter & Gamble Co, Unilever, Beiersdorf AG rely on new product launches and innovations in the design as the major instruments employed for increasing the market share. The companies are also involved in strategies such as mergers & acquisitions, and capacity additions to increase the revenues. Key Topics Covered: 1. Methodology and Scope 2. Executive Summary 3. Aerosol Industry Outlook 3.1. Aerosol market segmentation 3.2. Aerosol market value chain analysis 3.2.1. Vendor landscape 3.3. Raw material outlook 3.4. Technology overview 3.5. Regulatory framework 3.6. Aerosol market dynamics 3.6.1. Market driver analysis 3.6.1.1. Growing demand from key application markets 3.6.1.2. Product innovation/new product development 3.6.2. Market restraint analysis 3.6.2.1. Stringent regulatory scenario 3.7. Penetration & growth prospect mapping 3.8. Aerosol market Porter’s analysis 3.9. Aerosol company market share, 2015 3.10. Aerosol market PESTEL analysis 4. Aerosol Application Outlook 4.1. Global aerosol market share by application, 2015 & 2025 4.2. Personal care 4.3. Household 4.4. Automotive & industrial 4.5. Food 4.6. Paints 4.7. Medical 4.8. Others 5. Aerosol Regional Outlook 6. Competitive Landscape Proctor and Gamble S.C. Johnson Reckitt Benckiser Thymes Crabtree & Evelyn Henkel AG AkzoNobel N.V. Unilever Honeywell For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/m4lnsg/aerosol_market Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SHARE: Tweet Ti potrebbe interessare anche... Marken Announces New Board Chairman DSM – Repurchase of Shares (25 November 2016 – 1 December 2016) DSM – Repurchase of Shares (13–16 March 2017) DSM – Repurchase of Shares (11 November 2016 – 17 November 2016) Nel mensile di aprile Agrofarmaci, la contraffazione “ruba” all’Europa 3 miliardi all’anno La ricerca sul Snc è ad alto rischio di fallire il bersaglio Troppe radiazioni dai medical device, l’Europa corre ai ripari Il miglior posto di lavoro? C’è il certificato ma non la classifica Come ti cerco la startup: le mosse di open innovation delle aziende pharma e medtech L’Aifa fissa i criteri per definire i farmaci innovativi Horizon 2020, il programma Tecnologie future ed emergenti è una chance per il pharma In Primo Piano Rassegna Stampa Idee e opinioni Equivalenti: percezione, cultura e spesa sanitaria regionale. Considerazioni dopo lo statement Gimbe (Massimo Versace - General Manager Aurobindo Pharma Italia) Il valore del “less is more” nella razionalizzazione dei trattamenti terapeutici (Mario Melazzini e Luca Pani, presidente e dg Aifa) Sedazione palliativa, ecco dove sbaglia il Comitato Nazionale di Bioetica (Mario Riccio - Consulta di Bioetica, Milano) Follow Us Abouthparma Cerca un Farmaco su Pharmawizard Cerca World News Global Osteoporosis Drugs Market Analysis 2014-2017 & 2025:... Global Cryopreservation Systems Market – Analysis,... Jazz Pharmaceuticals Announces Positive Results from the Phase 2/3... Foto Vincitori AboutPharma Digital Awards 2016 Dispositivi Medici e Supply Chain Milano 26 novembre… “Dispositivi Medici 2015 “- Evento Video EDEMA MACULARE DIABETICO – ESASO – 16 MARZO 2017 AboutFuture: Leader’s Talk 2017 3 a 0 contro le infezioni Most Popular Oltre 4 mila i bambini vittime di malformazioni a causa del Valproato Dati sanitari, nasce l’organismo di certificazione Inveo Ema, possibile che Londra voglia tenersi le agenzie europee? HPS – Health Publishing and Services AboutPharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Contatti Chi siamo Privacy policy Video Foto Rassegna Stampa World news HPS Srl P.IVA 07106000966 Il presente sito utilizza i "cookie" per facilitare la navigazione.Accetta e continua Informativa sulla Privacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research and Markets – Global Aerosol Market Estimates & Trend Analysis 2014-2017 & 2025: Market Size is Expected to Reach USD 123.98 Billion – Major Players are Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Beiersdorf DUBLIN, Apr. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Aerosol Market Estimates & Trend Analysis By Application (Personal Care, Household, Automotive & Industrial, Food, Paints, Medical), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Central & South America, MEA), And Segment Forecasts, 2014 – 2025” report to their offering. The global aerosol market size is expected to reach USD 123.98 billion by 2025 Increasing demand for aerosol products for packaging products such as insecticides and household cleaners is expected to emerge as the primary growth driver over the forecast period. The market is expected to be driven by the rising demand for aerosol based pharmaceutical products such as pain relief sprays, inhalers, and drug delivery systems. In addition, the industry is likely to exhibit high growth on account of demand for personal care products such as hair sprays, mousses, and shaving foams. Rising concerns regarding the personal hygiene coupled with high demand for deodorants primarily in Asia Pacific is expected to emerge as a major driver for the market growth over the next nine years. In addition, the market for personal care aerosols is expected to be driven by the increasing product launches by major manufacturers such as Unilever and Procter and Gamble Co. Increasing product innovation pertaining to the use of aerosol based food products such as spray oils and salad dressings is expected to emerge as the major growth driver over the forecast period. In addition, rising development of advanced propellant mixtures is expected to alleviate consumer concerns regarding toxicity of propellants, leading to an increased affinity towards aerosols. Further key findings from the study suggest: Household emerged as one of the major application segments accounting for over 31% of the global volume in 2015 and is likely to exhibit substantial growth on account of increasing consumption of air fresheners and bug sprays The demand volume of the product in medical application is expected to register a CAGR of over 5% from 2016 to 2025 on account of growing new product launches coupled with ease of application achieved through use of aerosol based products The market in Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a CAGR of over 7% from 2016 to 2025, on account of rapid development of the personal care industry coupled with increasing penetration of the compound in household products The market in the U.S. is expected to account for over 86% of the revenue demand in North America in 2015 on account of high adoption by the consumers in the economy coupled with the high disposable income enabling the purchase of higher priced products Major market players such as Procter & Gamble Co, Unilever, Beiersdorf AG rely on new product launches and innovations in the design as the major instruments employed for increasing the market share. The companies are also involved in strategies such as mergers & acquisitions, and capacity additions to increase the revenues. Key Topics Covered: 1. Methodology and Scope 2. Executive Summary 3. Aerosol Industry Outlook 3.1. Aerosol market segmentation 3.2. Aerosol market value chain analysis 3.2.1. Vendor landscape 3.3. Raw material outlook 3.4. Technology overview 3.5. Regulatory framework 3.6. Aerosol market dynamics 3.6.1. Market driver analysis 3.6.1.1. Growing demand from key application markets 3.6.1.2. Product innovation/new product development 3.6.2. Market restraint analysis 3.6.2.1. Stringent regulatory scenario 3.7. Penetration & growth prospect mapping 3.8. Aerosol market Porter’s analysis 3.9. Aerosol company market share, 2015 3.10. Aerosol market PESTEL analysis 4. Aerosol Application Outlook 4.1. Global aerosol market share by application, 2015 & 2025 4.2. Personal care 4.3. Household 4.4. Automotive & industrial 4.5. Food 4.6. Paints 4.7. Medical 4.8. Others 5. Aerosol Regional Outlook 6. Competitive Landscape Proctor and Gamble S.C. Johnson Reckitt Benckiser Thymes Crabtree & Evelyn Henkel AG AkzoNobel N.V. Unilever Honeywell For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/m4lnsg/aerosol_market Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets—global-aerosol-market-estimates–trend-analysis-2014-2017–2025-market-size-is-expected-to-reach-usd-12398-billion—major-players-are-procter–gamble-unilever-beiersdorf-300444070.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Paradise Ridge Continues Restructuring Efforts Next PostNext Global Tactile Switches Market Definitions, Classifications, Applications and Industry Chain Structure Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Denture adhesive Market by Region, Type, Application and Forecast To 2021 Denture adhesive research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 24, 2017 ) Publisher's Denture adhesive market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving revenue growth and profitability. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry analysis of the key factors influencing the market. Global Denture adhesive Market: Application Segment Analysis Global Denture adhesive Market: Regional Segment Analysis USA Europe SEA China India For More Information About This Report: http://www.reportsweb.com/world-denture-adhesive-market-research-report-2021 The players mentioned in our report Baxter International Incorporated DENTSPLY International Incorporated GlaxoSmithKline plc HemCon Medical Technologies Incorporated Heraeus Holding GmbH Ivoclar Vivadent AG Kerr Corporation Procter & Gamble Company 3M Company Request Sample Copy At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001588968/sample Table of Content Chapter 1 About the Denture adhesive Industry Chapter 2 World Market Competition Landscape Chapter 3 World Denture adhesive Market share Chapter 4 Supply Chain Analysis Chapter 5 Company Profiles Chapter 6 Globalization & Trade Chapter 7 Distributors and Customers Chapter 8 Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries Chapter 9 World Denture adhesive Market forecast through 2021 Chapter 10 Key success factors and Market Overview Inquire For This Report At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001588968/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Data Expedition’s CloudDat Super Charges Data Transport for the World’s Leading Cloud Platforms LAS VEGAS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–(NAB Show) – In a move to eliminate the frustration that comes with messy workflow disruptions and slow, unreliable data migrations to the cloud, Data Expedition, Inc.® (DEI®), a quiet software company with more than 200 global customers, today announced the launch of CloudDat, its high-performance software for data transport to and from the cloud designed to meet 21st-century networking demands. By utilizing the full potential of each data path, CloudDat moves data faster than traditional transport software – up to 900mb/s per instance – and more cost effectively than other commercial network acceleration software. Already, CloudDat is available to transfer data into and out of Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform, and Oracle Cloud. Features include: Rapid deployment Easy-to-use clients Powerful workflow integration In-transit encryption Subscription and perpetual licensing available No charges per gigabyte, per line speed, or per client seat Free trial with full capabilities The Data Expedition team is exhibiting at the NAB Show, Las Vegas Convention Center in Oracle Booth #SL8011, through April 27. CloudDat runs on DEI’s patented Multipurpose Transaction Protocol® (MTP™/IP), a modern transport protocol designed for modern IP networks. MTP moves data faster by making the network itself more efficient, and with the skyrocketing dependence on cloud deployments, MTP is poised to become the critical transport mechanism behind a vast amount of network data transfer. Unlike any other data transport technology, including the traditional Transmission Control Protocol (TCP/IP) that was developed in the mid-1970s, MTP has the following features: Efficient across the full spectrum of network speeds and data sizes with room to grow Automatically adjusts to new and changing environments in milliseconds No end-user setup for easy deployment No IT tuning for low cost of maintenance “The cloud can’t start working for you until you get your data in, and what you do there doesn’t matter until you get your results out,” said Seth Noble, Ph.D., DEI’s founder and CEO. “CloudDat accelerates cloud workflows by making those critical data transfer steps faster and more reliable.” As a pure software solution, CloudDat can be deployed alongside traditional applications without changing or disrupting existing networks. Easy-to-use, FTP-like user interfaces and generous client licensing make CloudDat a quick way to super charge data intensive cloud workflows. DEI, founded by Dr. Noble in 2000, provides high-performance data transport solutions across many industries for leading companies, including Amagi, Associated Press, the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, The Walt Disney Company, Lockheed Martin, Proctor & Gamble, Ricoh, and the United States Air Force, to name a few. Although industry agnostic, CloudDat is a valuable solution for file transport to the cloud for media and entertainment, life sciences, legal, oil and gas, government, and for IT managers and consultants. Note to Editors: Analysts at 451 Research are available to field media inquiries and provide quotes. Please submit your request to: media.inquiry@451research.com. About Data Expedition, Inc. Data Expedition, Inc.®(DEI®) is the creator of the world’s only data transport software that instantly adapts to fully utilize any network path, maximizing the throughput of existing network infrastructure. Since 2000, DEI has provided data transport solutions to the world’s largest companies across nearly every continent and industry. The company’s patented MTP™/IP technology uses unique flow-control and error recovery algorithms to achieve high-network efficiency across all IP networks. Companies using DEI’s solutions can automatically transport data as fast as the underlying infrastructure will allow without human intervention at a fraction of the cost of other solutions. For more information or to download a FREE trial, please visit www.clouddat.com. Follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Partnership with Energy Optimizers, USA, enables Trotwood-Madison and Tri-Village schools to observe Earth Day every day Next PostNext Gelato World Tour Announces Finalists for Los Angeles Challenge Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The Mars Agency Expands E-Commerce Team To Meet Exploding Growth Among CPG Companies DETROIT, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — As E-Commerce continues to emerge as the next dominant retail channel for CPG companies, The Mars Agency is adding senior members to its best-in-class E-Commerce team to provide clients with the expertise and resources to succeed in digital marketplaces. Megan Harbold joins as VP, E-Commerce and Erik Kraft joins as Senior Manager, Paid Search. As a widely acknowledged leader in shopper marketing, The Mars Agency is building a base of experts and capabilities to help clients capitalize on next-generation shopper marketing, powered by E-Commerce. The agency’s E-Commerce practice provides end-to-end services for clients that span readiness (education and training), strategic planning, media & merchandising activation, analytics and business management, and offers support for both key pure-play retailers like Amazon and multi-channel accounts like Walmart. The agency has doubled the size of its E-Commerce team this year and plans further growth by early summer. „Our E-Commerce practice is a dynamic and growing part of our business and we plan to continue to invest aggressively in the E-Commerce space to meet the needs of our clients,” says Rob Rivenburgh, CEO, North America of The Mars Agency. „Amazon and other E-tailers are increasingly an important channel for CPG companies and we see E-Commerce as a natural evolution of the retailer field-based shopper marketing infrastructure we’ve had in place for more than 15 years. Just as we saw the superstore concept emerge back in the 1980s, we are similarly well positioned to help clients win in E-Commerce, the channel of the future.” Mars has cultivated a deep expertise across the Amazon ecosystem, forging close relationships with key stakeholders, developing specialized capabilities in areas like AMS/paid search management, earning designation as an Amazon Trusted Creative Partner and collaborating with the Alexa team on thought leadership initiatives in the voice realm. Several team members are based in Seattle for easy accessibility to the retail giant. And the agency is building similar proficiency with other retailers, such as Instacart and Walmart.com. Mars began offering E-Commerce support to clients three years ago in response to a perceived gap in full-service agency resources in this area. The agency’s early progress was led by Ethan Goodman, SVP, Shopper Media and Innovation, who worked closely on Procter & Gamble’s key E-Commerce initiatives while at Leo Burnett, and Melissa Wightman, director, E-Commerce, a 20-year Mars veteran with deep CPG expertise. Its E-Commerce capabilities were enriched with the addition of Melissa Burdick as VP, E-Commerce in 2015. Melissa spent 10 years at Amazon helping to launch the consumables business and many of the Amazon media products CPG brands use today. „Melissa and Melissa have been instrumental in building our capabilities, client relationships and industry profile,” says Goodman, who oversees the agency’s E-Commerce practice. „Adding Megan gives us an enviable pairing of brand and retailer expertise with Amazon, while Erik will lead our growth in the AMS/paid search arena. These additions reinforce our purpose to be the preeminent, end-to-end E-Commerce solution for our clients.” Burdick will continue to be the strategic lead for key client accounts, manage new business development and take ownership of the paid search and analytics capabilities. She is speaking at IRCE in June and regularly appears in business and trade media, most recently Bloomberg, Retail Geek and Shopper Marketing. Kraft is tasked with helping Burdick expand The Mars Agency’s paid search and analytics capabilities. He was formerly a paid search marketing manager at CommerceHub. Harbold brings significant brand experience from The Hershey Company, where she owned and operated the entirety of the Amazon business for Hershey, a best-in-class Amazon vendor. She will split strategic leadership of key client accounts and new business development with Burdick, and will help build out the agency’s Content and Brokerage/Business Management capabilities. About The Mars Agency The Mars Agency is a full-service, global shopper and consumer marketing leader, operating in 11 offices in North America and Europe. For nearly 45 years, the agency has been consistently recognized as a thought leader in the shopper space, attracting an impressive client base that includes Walmart, Hallmark, T-Mobile, Campbell’s, Pepperidge Farm, Lowe’s, Samsung, Pfizer, and Live Nation. To learn more about The Mars Agency, please visit http://www.themarsagency.com/. For more information, contact: Rick Leonard RCL Communications rick@rclcommunications.com 203.434.7734 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-mars-agency-expands-e-commerce-team-to-meet-exploding-growth-among-cpg-companies-300443760.html SOURCE The Mars Agency Related Links http://www.themarsagency.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious KALEAO Partners With CREAplus to Bring KMAX to Southern and Eastern Europe Next PostNext KALEAO Partners With CREAplus to Bring KMAX to Southern and Eastern Europe Search Recent Posts DNB Financial Corporation Reports First Quarter 2017 Results DNB Financial Corporation Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Global Food and Beverages Industry – Digital Transformation and Technology Landscape, 2016 Global Food and Beverages Industry – Digital Transformation and Technology Landscape, 2016 The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español The Mars Agency Expands E-Commerce Team To Meet Exploding Growth Among CPG Companies Senior Hires Strengthen Agency's E-Commerce Credentials; Well Positioned for Next Wave of Shopper Marketing News provided by The Mars Agency 24 Apr, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article DETROIT, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- As E-Commerce continues to emerge as the next dominant retail channel for CPG companies, The Mars Agency is adding senior members to its best-in-class E-Commerce team to provide clients with the expertise and resources to succeed in digital marketplaces. Megan Harbold joins as VP, E-Commerce and Erik Kraft joins as Senior Manager, Paid Search. As a widely acknowledged leader in shopper marketing, The Mars Agency is building a base of experts and capabilities to help clients capitalize on next-generation shopper marketing, powered by E-Commerce. The agency's E-Commerce practice provides end-to-end services for clients that span readiness (education and training), strategic planning, media & merchandising activation, analytics and business management, and offers support for both key pure-play retailers like Amazon and multi-channel accounts like Walmart. The agency has doubled the size of its E-Commerce team this year and plans further growth by early summer. "Our E-Commerce practice is a dynamic and growing part of our business and we plan to continue to invest aggressively in the E-Commerce space to meet the needs of our clients," says Rob Rivenburgh, CEO, North America of The Mars Agency. "Amazon and other E-tailers are increasingly an important channel for CPG companies and we see E-Commerce as a natural evolution of the retailer field-based shopper marketing infrastructure we've had in place for more than 15 years. Just as we saw the superstore concept emerge back in the 1980s, we are similarly well positioned to help clients win in E-Commerce, the channel of the future." Mars has cultivated a deep expertise across the Amazon ecosystem, forging close relationships with key stakeholders, developing specialized capabilities in areas like AMS/paid search management, earning designation as an Amazon Trusted Creative Partner and collaborating with the Alexa team on thought leadership initiatives in the voice realm. Several team members are based in Seattle for easy accessibility to the retail giant. And the agency is building similar proficiency with other retailers, such as Instacart and Walmart.com. Mars began offering E-Commerce support to clients three years ago in response to a perceived gap in full-service agency resources in this area. The agency's early progress was led by Ethan Goodman, SVP, Shopper Media and Innovation, who worked closely on Procter & Gamble's key E-Commerce initiatives while at Leo Burnett, and Melissa Wightman, director, E-Commerce, a 20-year Mars veteran with deep CPG expertise. Its E-Commerce capabilities were enriched with the addition of Melissa Burdick as VP, E-Commerce in 2015. Melissa spent 10 years at Amazon helping to launch the consumables business and many of the Amazon media products CPG brands use today. "Melissa and Melissa have been instrumental in building our capabilities, client relationships and industry profile," says Goodman, who oversees the agency's E-Commerce practice. "Adding Megan gives us an enviable pairing of brand and retailer expertise with Amazon, while Erik will lead our growth in the AMS/paid search arena. These additions reinforce our purpose to be the preeminent, end-to-end E-Commerce solution for our clients." Burdick will continue to be the strategic lead for key client accounts, manage new business development and take ownership of the paid search and analytics capabilities. She is speaking at IRCE in June and regularly appears in business and trade media, most recently Bloomberg, Retail Geek and Shopper Marketing. Kraft is tasked with helping Burdick expand The Mars Agency's paid search and analytics capabilities. He was formerly a paid search marketing manager at CommerceHub. Harbold brings significant brand experience from The Hershey Company, where she owned and operated the entirety of the Amazon business for Hershey, a best-in-class Amazon vendor. She will split strategic leadership of key client accounts and new business development with Burdick, and will help build out the agency's Content and Brokerage/Business Management capabilities. About The Mars Agency The Mars Agency is a full-service, global shopper and consumer marketing leader, operating in 11 offices in North America and Europe. For nearly 45 years, the agency has been consistently recognized as a thought leader in the shopper space, attracting an impressive client base that includes Walmart, Hallmark, T-Mobile, Campbell's, Pepperidge Farm, Lowe's, Samsung, Pfizer, and Live Nation. To learn more about The Mars Agency, please visit http://www.themarsagency.com/. For more information, contact: Rick Leonard RCL Communications rick@rclcommunications.com 203.434.7734 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-mars-agency-expands-e-commerce-team-to-meet-exploding-growth-among-cpg-companies-300443760.html SOURCE The Mars Agency Related Links http://www.themarsagency.com 03 Apr, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: The Mars Agency Expands Creative Leadership, Appoints Suzanna Bierwirth Chief Creative Officer My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 Apr, 2017, 09:00 ET The Mars Agency Expands Creative Leadership, Appoints Suzanna... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Electronic Commerce Advertising Personnel Announcements You just read: The Mars Agency Expands E-Commerce Team To Meet Exploding Growth Among CPG Companies News provided by The Mars Agency 24 Apr, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Possible way to strategically profile the key players in the Agar and Carrageenan Products market and comprehensively analyze their market shares and core competencies in each segment “Global Agar and Carrageenan Products Sales Market Report 2016” Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. The Research report comprises key growth drivers and barriers of the global Agar and Carrageenan Products market, including their impact on production and demand in the next few years. The product specifications, major geographical segments, and competitive analysis of the global Agar and Carrageenan Products Market have also been discussed in detail in the research report. In addition, the study includes a detailed analysis of the potential opportunities in the global market. It further includes the market attractiveness analysis, in which the product segments are studied based on growth rate, market size, and general attractiveness. Download Sample Pages of this Premium Report: www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=27192 The research report on global Agar and Carrageenan Products market offers a clear understanding of the market, focusing on the key growth factors and potential opportunities. It presents future projections of the Agar and Carrageenan Products market on a global as well as on regional level. The research study further presents the past performance of the global market, coupled with the statistics from 2016 to 2021 on the basis of volume and revenue. A Porter’s five forces model analysis has also been provided in the report to determine the competitive scenario of this market. Get 30% Discount on this Report: www.researchnreports.com/ask_for_discount.php?id=27192 In addition, a detailed value chain analysis has been included to present a comprehensive view of the market. Furthermore, the major geographical segments of the global Agar and Carrageenan Products market have been evaluated in the research report. The product portfolio, financial status, and business policies of these players are studied in the report in detail. Using SWOT analysis the report has studied the strengths and weaknesses of the profiled players. For more inquiry before Purchase: www.researchnreports.com/enquiry_before_buying.php?id=27192 Firstly, the report introduces the Agar and Carrageenan Products markets fundamentals: Definitions, classifications, applications, industry chain overview, industry policies and strategy, product specifications, manufacturing processes, cost structure and so forth. Then it evaluates the world’s crucial region market conditions, together with the product price, profit, capacity, production, capacity fulfillment, supply, demand and industry growth rate and so on. Lastly, the report brings up new business SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis. The report consists of six parts, attending to: A) Fundamental information. B) The Asia Agar and Carrageenan Products industry. c) The North American Agar and Carrageenan Products industry. d) The European Agar and Carrageenan Products industry. e) Market entry and investment feasibility & f) The report conclusion. Global Agar and Carrageenan Products Market Research Report 2016 This report studies sales (consumption) of Agar and Carrageenan Products in Global market, especially in USA, China, Europe, Japan, India and Southeast Asia, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions. Company Profiled in this Report: • Nestle • Unilever • P&G • DQ • Eat Drink Better • Organic Valley • Woongjin Foods • LOTTE • Strong Group • Rico Food Industries Sdn. Bhd • CHC Gourmet Sdn Bhd • Hsu Fu Chi • Heinz • Siva Foods • Shanghai BLG • P&G Complete Report Available @ www.researchnreports.com/chemical-materials/Global-Agar-a… About Research n Reports: Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat Global competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof. Contact us: Mr. Sunny Denis Contact No. +1-888-631-6977 sales@researchnreports.com (ResearchnReports) This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ion Milling Systems Market Estimated to Flourish by 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research Next PostNext Phosphorescent Pigment Market 2017 – DayGlo, Aron Universal, Radiant Color, Dane Color, Lynwon Group, SINLOIHI, Brilliant, UK SEUNG, Europe GmbH, Kolorjet Search Recent Posts ABB and IBM Partner in Industrial Artificial Intelligence Solutions IBM Brings Cognitive Manufacturing to the Factory Floor Asia-Pacific Phosphate Fertilizers Market 2017: Specifications, Market Trends and Analysis Report 2017 Global Wine Cellars Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index North America Truck Telematics Market 2017: Specifications, Market Trends and Analysis Report Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Miami Periodontist to Attend the Oral Reconstruction Foundation’s 2017 Global Symposium in Miami Beach, FL Miami Periodontist to Attend the Oral Reconstruction Foundation’s 2017 Global Symposium in Miami Beach, FL Posted on April 24, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. John Paul Gallardo, DDS, PA, nationally recognized dental implant specialist, attending May symposium on current concepts and future trends in tissue regeneration Miami, FL (PRWEB) April 24, 2017 Miami Periodontist and Dental Implant Specialist John Paul Gallardo, DDS, PA will be attending the 2017 Oral Reconstruction Foundation’s 2017 Symposium on Tissue Regeneration and Implant Dentistry held in Miami Beach May 4-6, 2017. The Oral Reconstruction Foundation will present its annual Global Symposium at the Fontainebleau Hotel located in Miami Beach, FL. This annual symposium brings together thousands of doctors from all around the world. The symposium features the latest trends and technologies in dentistry by offering lectures from 29 doctors, panels, and hands-on workshops led by experts in the field. “It’s important to note that Miami has become a destination for a continuing education event of this magnitude,” said Dr. Gallardo. “While the panel of speakers will be second to none, a big part of the education takes place in the hallways between attending colleagues.” The Symposium provides a total of 18 hours of CE credits for the 3 days of instructional and hands-on sessions. Recognized for a myriad of advancement roles in the areas of periodontics and implant dentistry, Dr. Gallardo has presented and attended symposiums on both a national and international level. He has performed dental implant and tissue regeneration surgeries on patients from more than 38 states and 10 countries since 1994. “Having been a dentist for 25 years now, I come to appreciate more and more the critical importance of being a perpetual student and not only keeping up with technology and new techniques, but contributing to their development,” said Dr. Gallardo. A nationally recognized doctor, educator, and lecturer, Dr. Gallardo has lectured nationally and internationally to dentists and hygienists and has been sponsored by companies such as Procter and Gamble to speak on clinical topics related to gum disease and dental implants. He has been interviewed by the Miami Herald as an expert contributor to oral health-related news updates. Dr. Gallardo provides services at University of Florida to guide dental students in treatments and procedures and also hosts an Elite Doctor Study Club four times a year to bring the latest advancements in dentistry to other dentists in the area. The study club distributes knowledge and information regarding implant dentistry, its latest technology, treatments/procedures as well as discussion in clinical questions. For more information on Dr. Gallardo, please visit http://www.miamiperio.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14249383.htm Latest News New Compact Tri Blade Spiralizer by WonderEsque to Solve the Space Problem for Small Kitchens Head Held High – Debut Album from Skram Cirtronics to Highlight Box Build Capabilities at BIOMEDevice Show in Boston, MA Report Finds Mesothelioma Survival Advantage in Some Type of P/D Surgery, According to Surviving Mesothelioma InDemand Interpreting Exhibits at ATA Telehealth 2.0 Award-Winning Composer Carl Borden Set To Release New CD ‘Breathe’ WindShare: Making it Possible for Everyone to Invest in Renewable Energy Xulon Press Announces New Book Answering the Question: What is the Purpose of Job? Voyager Pacific’s Stephen Seal to Speak on Successful Investment Strategies at SBRE Investment Summit Miami Periodontist to Attend the Oral Reconstruction Foundation’s 2017 Global Symposium in Miami Beach, FL © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Trader Extra A Band-Aid for J&J Johnson & Johnson’s revenue miss could be a buying opportunity now that its shares look more reasonably priced. By Ben Levisohn Biography April 22, 2017 After Johnson & Johnson (ticker: JNJ) reported earnings last week, the market reacted as if something were severely broken. But what if the stock only needs one of the company’s iconic Band-Aids? To be sure, Johnson & Johnson’s results left much to be desired. Yes, it reported a profit of $1.83 a share, beating analyst forecasts for $1.77, but sales came in at $17.8 billion, below the street consensus for $18 billion.... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Here’s Why Tesla Can’t Go Far in China Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our Smartphone Priorities Are All Messed Up Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. It’s Time to Put Some Money Into Banks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Morningstar’s New Gambit: Opportunity, Controversy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Sarepta's Soaring Fortunes 2 Snap's IPO Brings New Investors Into the Market 3 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Global Men’s Grooming Products Market to Hit at a CAGR of 8.4% through 2024 : Persistence Market Research With nearly 40% revenue share, Europe will continue to remain the most attractive market for men’s grooming products. Germany, France, and the UK remain the top three markets, collectively accounting for over half of the revenue share of the Europe men’s grooming products market. North America, the second largest market globally, will rake in US$ 29 Bn in revenues by 2024. In terms of market value, the US$ 54 billion global market for men’s grooming products will expand at a CAGR of 8.4% through 2024. Sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11581 Key Regional Findings In North America, shave care products and fragrances will be the top-selling men’s grooming products The market in Asia Pacific will continue to post steady gains on account of rapidly growing sales in China Persistence Market Research’s study on the global men’s grooming products market has been compiled in the report titled “Global Men’s Grooming Products Sales Estimated to Reach US$ 104,199.2 Million by 2024 End; Europe’s Revenue Share to Remain Dominant.” Personalized shopping through e-commerce outlets has been identified as a key driving factor men’s grooming products globally. Increasing FDI in e-tailing businesses is further urging manufacturers of men’s grooming products to intensify their distribution operations through online retail channels. Easy accessibility and low costs are key factors for the rising men’s grooming products sales through e-commerce and online retail websites. Over the forecast period, online distribution channels will give rise to an absolute increment of more than US$ 12 billion. Nevertheless, sales of men’s grooming products through supermarkets and independent retail outlets remain key for companies looking to improve their sales potential by catering to impulsive buying and focusing on customer rapport. Product Insights: Beard is in Vogue Globally, the sales of men’s shave care products such as trimmers will be way higher than any other types of grooming products. Being the highest-selling products in the global market, consumption of men’s shave care products will be valued at over US$ 40 billion by the end of 2024. Subsequently, men’s grooming products sales under fragrances will account for nearly 35% of the global market over the projected period. Hair care products sales will register a market value share of about 10%, while the demand for men’s toiletries will be pared down as compared to the above types of grooming products. Request to view Table of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/mens-grooming-products-market/toc Pricing Trends and Vendor Landscape Higher disposable incomes don’t necessarily instrument higher sales of men’s grooming products in the premium price range. Half of the global men’s grooming products revenues are concentrated in the mid-price range, with over 7,000 million expected to be sold globally over the forecast period. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/11581 Procter & Gamble Co. will retain its competitive position as the global leader in shave care products. Independently, the company will also be dominant in the overall global men’s grooming products market by accounting for more than 10% market share. However, local manufacturers of men’s grooming products will collectively dominate the global market by accounting for nearly one-third of its market value. Accordingly, acquisition of such native players will be a strategic measure of expanding market presence for global leaders in consumer goods. Johnson & Johnson Private Limited, Koninklijke Philips N.V., ITC Limited, Coty Inc., Unilever PLC., Colgate-Palmolive Company, and Edgewell Personal Care Co., among others, are some leading manufacturers of men’s grooming products that intend to expand their businesses through acquisitions. Furthermore, L’Oréal S.A. and Beiersdorf AG are also some of the recognized players participating in the growth of the global men’s grooming products market. CategoriesUncategorized TagsGlobal Men’s Grooming Products Market, Google News, Men's Grooming Products, Men's Grooming Products Market, Men’s Grooming Product Market, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific High-intensity Focused Ultrasound System Market 2017 Supply, Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) and Manufacturers Profiles Next PostNext Sawmill Market Report by Quantitative Analysis of the Current Trends and Forecasts to 2021 Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Beauty Devices Market Poised to Rake US$54.2 bn by 2020 The global beauty devices market is segmented on the basis of geography, usage area, and type. Based on geography, the global beauty devices market is divided into North America, Asia, Latin America, Europe, and Rest of the World. With the growing number of beauty salons and stores in North America, the global beauty devices market is expected to witness greater opportunities for development in the years to come. In the United States, currently there are approximately around 750,000 beauty spas and salons. The Asia beauty devices market’s extraordinary rise in the recent past is attributed to the aggressive development of one of the market leaders, Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. Similarly, entry of new beauty devices and beauty products in various regions across the globe has propelled the global beauty devices market. Persistence Market Research has published a new report on the Global Market Study on Beauty Devices: Asia to Witness Highest Growth by 2020. As per the report, the global beauty devices market is expected to progress rapidly from US$19.4 bn in 2014 to US$54.2 bn by 2020 at an 18.70% CAGR. In Asia, the market for beauty devices is expected to expand rapidly due to increasing disposable incomes, introduction of less expensive beauty products, and availability of branded products. Asia is expected to be the fastest growing regional segment of the global beauty devices market in the years to come. The Europe beauty devices market is propelled by the increasing aging population. Introduction of new skin care products, beauty devices, and spa solutions to treat skin and hair problems is expected to propel the Europe beauty devices market during the period from 2014 to 2020. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3375 Some of the other leading companies in the global beauty devices market are L’Oréal Group, Home Skinovations, Ltd., TRIA Beauty, Inc., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Carol Cole Company, Procter & Gamble, PhotoMedex, Inc., Syneron Medical, Ltd., and Panasonic Corporation. Although the leading companies have captured the majority of the global beauty devices market, entry of new companies is expected to increase the level of competition in the years to come. Market leading companies as well as new entrants are striving hard to offer quality products to maintain their standards in the global beauty devices market. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/beauty-… Some beauty devices lead to reactions such as redness, swelling, and bruising. Growing awareness of the risks or side effects associated with skin care products and beauty devices is predicted to restrict the growth of the global beauty devices market in the coming few years. However, introduction of beauty products with natural ingredients is expected to propel the global beauty devices market during the forecast period. Based on usage area, the global beauty devices market is classified into at-home, spa, salon, and others. By type, the global beauty devices market is classified into hair removal devices, cleansing devices, acne devices, rejuvenation devices, light/LED therapy and photo rejuvenation devices, oxygen and steamer devices, hair growth devices, skin derma rollers, and cellulite reduction devices, and others. The current global beauty devices market is highly competitive, with new products being introduced by leading companies every year. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gas Leak Detector Market Poised to Rake US$ 3143.67 Mn by 2020 Next PostNext Global Consumer NAS Market to grow at a CAGR of 11.01% during 2016-2020 – Features Key Companies ( Apple, Buffalo Technology, Netgear, QNAP, Seagate ) Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Miami Periodontist to Attend the Oral Reconstruction Foundation’s 2017 Global Symposium in Miami Beach, FL Miami, FL (PRWEB) April 24, 2017 Miami Periodontist and Dental Implant Specialist John Paul Gallardo, DDS, PA will be attending the 2017 Oral Reconstruction Foundation’s 2017 Symposium on Tissue Regeneration and Implant Dentistry held in Miami Beach May 4-6, 2017. The Oral Reconstruction Foundation will present its annual Global Symposium at the Fontainebleau Hotel located in Miami Beach, FL. This annual symposium brings together thousands of doctors from all around the world. The symposium features the latest trends and technologies in dentistry by offering lectures from 29 doctors, panels, and hands-on workshops led by experts in the field. “It’s important to note that Miami has become a destination for a continuing education event of this magnitude,” said Dr. Gallardo. “While the panel of speakers will be second to none, a big part of the education takes place in the hallways between attending colleagues.” The Symposium provides a total of 18 hours of CE credits for the 3 days of instructional and hands-on sessions. Recognized for a myriad of advancement roles in the areas of periodontics and implant dentistry, Dr. Gallardo has presented and attended symposiums on both a national and international level. He has performed dental implant and tissue regeneration surgeries on patients from more than 38 states and 10 countries since 1994. “Having been a dentist for 25 years now, I come to appreciate more and more the critical importance of being a perpetual student and not only keeping up with technology and new techniques, but contributing to their development,” said Dr. Gallardo. A nationally recognized doctor, educator, and lecturer, Dr. Gallardo has lectured nationally and internationally to dentists and hygienists and has been sponsored by companies such as Procter and Gamble to speak on clinical topics related to gum disease and dental implants. He has been interviewed by the Miami Herald as an expert contributor to oral health-related news updates. Dr. Gallardo provides services at University of Florida to guide dental students in treatments and procedures and also hosts an Elite Doctor Study Club four times a year to bring the latest advancements in dentistry to other dentists in the area. The study club distributes knowledge and information regarding implant dentistry, its latest technology, treatments/procedures as well as discussion in clinical questions. For more information on Dr. Gallardo, please visit http://www.miamiperio.com. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Skuid Presents the Total Economic Impact of Skuid Study Conducted by Independent Consulting Firm Next PostNext RIC Insurance General Agency Hires Michele Epstein as Vice President of Management and Professional Lines Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Slammed on Twitter, Shea Moisture Pulls Ad Seen as Moving Brand Away From Black Women By Jack Neff - 3 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Coke, PlayStation, Overstock.com and More 6 hours ago Array 0 Can Mark Wahlberg's New AT&T Campaign Stem Customer Losses? By Megan Graham - 6 hours ago Array 0 General Mills Creative Chief Michael Fanuele Steps Down By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - 6 hours ago Array 0 I'd Pay You $500,000 a Year, but You Can't Do the Work By Shelly Palmer - 8 hours ago Array 0 Can Mark Wahlberg's New AT&T Campaign Stem Customer Losses? By Megan Graham - 6 hours ago 0 Slammed on Twitter, Shea Moisture Pulls Ad Seen as Moving Brand Away From Black Women By Jack Neff - 3 hours ago 0 General Mills Creative Chief Michael Fanuele Steps Down By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - 6 hours ago 0 2017 Ad Age Agency A-List and Creativity Awards Gala Photos 15 hours ago 0 Dana Anderson Moves from Mondelez to MediaLink By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - 12 hours ago 0 Dana Anderson Leaves Mondelez in Marketer's Biggest Executive Shakeup Yet By Jessica Wohl - 11 hours ago 0 Google Sees Another Chance to Get Programmatic TV Right By Garett Sloane - 15 hours ago 0 We Are Unlimited Gains Creative Firepower With Ari Weiss' First Hire By Lindsay Stein - 14 hours ago 0 GSK's Speichert: Marketers Are Missing Digital Fundamentals By Jack Neff - 14 hours ago 0 Dana Anderson Moves from Mondelez to MediaLink By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Slammed on Twitter, Shea Moisture Pulls Ad Seen as Moving Brand Away From Black Women By Jack Neff. Published on April 24, 2017. Most Popular The idea that women of all races should love their hair may seem non-controversial. Forget that. Shea Moisture, a brand long marketed primarily to African-American women, got a social-media smackdown Monday afternoon that made it the top U.S. Twitter trend with nearly 33,000 tweets as of 5 p.m. Tweets objected to new advertising that reaches out to white women and equates the "hair hate" they face to what black women experience. By 6 p.m., the brand had pulled the ad. Commenters saw the ad as an effort by Shea Moisture to move away from its core consumers toward white women, some of whom are depicted in the 60-second video as using Shea Moisture products. A tweet by Nana Jibril, who describes herself on LinkedIn as a freelance social-media expert and former social-media manager at her alma mater Old Dominion, appears to have started things. Credit: Twitter Other tweets included satire -- one depicting an ugly desegregation confrontation as white women clamoring for Shea Moisture. Credit: Twitter In another, Rachel Dolezal, the former Spokane, Wash., NAACP president who is white but said she "identifies as black," expressing an interest in the brand. "At the core of it is that the African-American community has over time seen many brands that stood for them not stand for them," said Richelieu Dennis, founder and CEO of Sundial Brands, which markets the Shea Moisture and Nubian Heritage brands. "And they're very concerned that a brand that has meant so much to this community will no longer stand for them. The reality is that we'll always stand for them." Related Stories Dove Takes on Hair Shaming in New Video Backing Diversity Lowdown: Nestle Is Latest to Pause Google Spending The ad from VaynerMedia is part of a campaign that features a diverse group of 40 women, focusing on "the different challenges in society around hair and beauty," Dennis said. "Knowing the ethos of the brand and where it started, we know better, and we should make sure our core African-American consumer always feels represented in everything we do, because we are not moving away from her." The ad, since pulled, was part of a broader campaign created by a collaboration of in-house and outside agencies. Haircare brands that appeal to predominantly white women -- such as Unilever's Dove and Procter & Gamble Co.'s Pantene -- have reached out to African-American women and other ethnic groups without major recriminations. Dove did so with ads and products focused on curly hair, without making them overtly about any particular ethnic group. Pantene in March launched a campaign in March aimed at combatting bias against African-American hairstyles. In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Content Marketing Culture Digital Digital Video Social Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Take Kimberly-Clark Investors May Soon Need a Kleenex The maker of Kleenex and Huggies has seen its stock rally this year but shares have little room for error. By Johanna Bennett Biography April 24, 2017 3:39 p.m. ET Kimberly-Clark is priced for perfection. Shares of the consumer products giant, known for Huggies diapers, Kleenex tissue and Scott toilet paper, were... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Here’s Why Tesla Can’t Go Far in China Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our Smartphone Priorities Are All Messed Up Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. It’s Time to Put Some Money Into Banks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Morningstar’s New Gambit: Opportunity, Controversy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Sarepta's Soaring Fortunes 2 Snap's IPO Brings New Investors Into the Market 3 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Take Kimberly-Clark Investors May Soon Need a Kleenex The maker of Kleenex and Huggies has seen its stock rally this year but shares have little room for error. By Johanna Bennett Biography April 24, 2017 3:39 p.m. ET Kimberly-Clark is priced for perfection. Shares of the consumer products giant, known for Huggies diapers, Kleenex tissue and Scott toilet paper, were... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Here’s Why Tesla Can’t Go Far in China Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our Smartphone Priorities Are All Messed Up Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. It’s Time to Put Some Money Into Banks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Morningstar’s New Gambit: Opportunity, Controversy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Sarepta's Soaring Fortunes 2 Snap's IPO Brings New Investors Into the Market 3 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
JamiiForums | The Home of Great Thinkers Forums East African Forums Kenyan News and Politics Dismiss Notice You are browsing this site as a guest. It takes 2 minutes to CREATE AN ACCOUNT and less than 1 minute to LOGIN Kenya's Nakumatt and Uchumi to exit Tanzania after minting loss Discussion in 'Kenyan News and Politics' started by Geza Ulole, Apr 23, 2017 at 10:21 PM. Page 1 of 2 1 2 G Geza Ulole JF-Expert Member #1 Apr 23, 2017 at 10:21 PM Joined: Oct 31, 2009 Messages: 8,693 Likes Received: 1,709 Trophy Points: 280 Continue Reading BUSINESS Uchumi, Nakumatt review regional strategy over cash flow setbacks A shop assistant arranges products on the shelves at Uchumi Ngong Hyper outlet. PHOTO | FILE IN SUMMARY Nakumatt and Uchumi are betting on strategic investors to turn around their fortunes. Analysts say that the two retail chains are operating on shaky ground and must sort out their problems with suppliers, modernise operations, re-energise their brands and carry out consolidation to remain competitive. Massive debts, dwindling sales and rising competition have forced two Kenyan supermarket chains to rethink their regional strategies and concentrate on safeguarding their local market. Nakumatt and Uchumi Supermarkets, which a decade ago opened regional branches, are now at a point of reviewing their regional strategies to focus on the home market, after sinking deep into financial woes. The two retail chains, whose outlets are characterised by empty shelves due to their inability to pay suppliers and meet other financial obligations, are now betting on strategic investors to turn around their fortunes. According to analysts, Nakumatt and Uchumi are operating on shaky ground and must sort out their problems with suppliers, modernise operations, re-energise their brands and carry out consolidation to remain competitive. “The issue of late payments is particularly affecting their business,” said Ken Gichinga, chief economist at Mentoria Consulting. "It does not make business sense, for instance, for Nakumatt to proclaim ‘all under one roof’ when the shelves are empty.” He said that the regional market is no longer a priority for the retailers owing to the challenges in the home market. The reality that focus on the regional market is no longer feasible came to the fore yet again this week after Nakumatt was forced to close its Katwe branch in Muganzirwazza Mall in Kampala owing to rent arrears amounting to $82,000. Its other eight branches in Uganda, five in Tanzania and three in Rwanda however, remain operational. Departure of a director The supermarket chain also saw the departure of Thiagarajan Ramamurthy, who was the regional strategy and operations director. He oversaw the rolling out the company’s pan-Africa expansion programme. Mr Ramamurthy has joined Bidco Africa as CEO. The EastAfrican has also established that on its part, Uchumi Supermarkets has no plans to return to the regional market in the immediate future and intends to concentrate on the Kenyan market. “We have many unresolved issues with suppliers and business partners in Uganda and Tanzania. Until these issues are settled there are no plans to go regional anytime soon,” said a source at the company. Uchumi, which exited the Ugandan and Tanzanian market in 2015 after years of loss making, is yet to settle millions of dollars owed to suppliers in those countries. Before its exit, the outlets accounted for only 4.75 per cent of its operations and over 25 per cent of operating costs. While it is evident that both Nakumatt and Uchumi feel the regional strategy has largely failed to spur the growth despite offering a market of about 100 million people, the two supermarket chains are also feeling the pressure in the domestic market where competition is on the rise. To safeguard their local markets, Nakumatt and Uchumi are currently in negotiations with strategic investors seeking to raise $75 million and $47.4 million respectively. Uchumi, which has seen its share price at the Nairobi Securities Exchange continue to plummet, trading at an average of $0.02 cent (Ksh2.50), is also expecting another $17 million bailout package from the government. “Plans to have an investor to partner with Uchumi are ongoing and by mid this year we will reveal the most suitable investor to bring life back to the company,” Uchumi chief executive officer Julius Kipng’etich told shareholders during the company’s annual general meeting early this month. Analysts contend that Nakumatt and Uchumi dug themselves into a hole directing significant resources into expansion while increasing the payment terms for suppliers to as much as 120 days. Last month, milk processor New KCC had withdrawn supplies to Nakumatt after the supermarket chain failed to honour payment within the agreed period of 90 days and only resumed after a deal was reached. “Expansion particularly to the region is the main cause of the problems facing retail chains. I believe they have learnt their lessons and will use funds from strategic investors to stabilise their operations as opposed to expansion,” said Francis Mwangi, head of research and investment analysis at Standard Investment Bank. Strained relations He added the coming on board of strategic investors will help Nakumatt and Uchumi not only mend the strained relations with suppliers but also consolidate their Kenyan market — which has been invaded by Tuskys, Naivas and global chains like Carrefour of France, Game Stores of South Africa and Choppies of Botswana. It is important to note that both Nakumatt and Uchumi are struggling to regain their fading glory at a time when Kenya’s retail spending is on a growth trajectory. According to a report by Procter & Gamble, while the two retail chains are in a financial mess, other supermarkets are recording increasing sales included the country’s retail spending stood at $17.6 billion in 2016 representing a 13 per cent growth. The report shows that over half of Kenyans living in urban areas shop in supermarkets regularly owing to the fact that supermarkets stock branded products that are well known and perceived to be of good quality. Back to The East African: Uchumi, Nakumatt review regional strategy over Uchumi, Nakumatt review regional strategy over cash flow setbacks   - 3 people likes Lewis254 JF-Expert Member #2 Apr 23, 2017 at 11:56 PM Joined: Apr 3, 2017 Messages: 319 Likes Received: 62 Trophy Points: 45 well, this article doesn't state that they are exiting. ni mbwembwe tu za mwenye ii thread kuandika topic tatanishi   - 1 people likes Azarel JF-Expert Member #3 Apr 24, 2017 at 12:00 AM Joined: Aug 25, 2016 Messages: 6,097 Likes Received: 5,859 Trophy Points: 280 Who cares?   - 0 people likes kirusi cha ukimwi JF-Expert Member #4 Apr 24, 2017 at 12:03 AM Joined: Dec 28, 2015 Messages: 554 Likes Received: 370 Trophy Points: 80 Halafu tufanyaje sasa   - 0 people likes Gitimu Peter Senior Member #5 Apr 24, 2017 at 12:30 AM Joined: Oct 6, 2016 Messages: 199 Likes Received: 197 Trophy Points: 60 The exit of the two Kenyan retail Giants should not be a cause for celebration... Quite the contrary actually. You see, there are dozens of Tanzanian employees working for those supermarkets that will now be left jobless. Not forgetting also the Tanzanian suppliers of the two retailers who will have less shelve space to sell their goods from. Its double loss if you ask me.   - 9 people likes chuma cha mjerumani JF-Expert Member #6 Apr 24, 2017 at 12:39 AM Joined: Dec 4, 2013 Messages: 2,684 Likes Received: 2,347 Trophy Points: 280 Lewis254 said: ↑ well, this article doesn't state that they are exiting. ni mbwembwe tu za mwenye ii thread kuandika topic tatanishi Click to expand... zunguka utaona nyingi zimeshafungwa tayari.   - 0 people likes Lewis254 JF-Expert Member #7 Apr 24, 2017 at 12:41 AM Joined: Apr 3, 2017 Messages: 319 Likes Received: 62 Trophy Points: 45 chuma cha mjerumani said: ↑ zunguka utaona nyingi zimeshafungwa tayari. Click to expand... lete links au facts to support this.   - 0 people likes Nichumu Nibebike JF-Expert Member #8 Apr 24, 2017 at 12:48 AM Joined: Aug 28, 2016 Messages: 2,875 Likes Received: 4,187 Trophy Points: 280 Tatizo la hawa jamaa hswana unique products.. Wanauza bidhaa ambazo zinapatikana mtaani na Kkoo tena kwa bei nafuu.   - 2 people likes Lewis254 JF-Expert Member #9 Apr 24, 2017 at 12:53 AM Joined: Apr 3, 2017 Messages: 319 Likes Received: 62 Trophy Points: 45 Nichumu Nibebike said: ↑ Tatizo la hawa jamaa hswana unique products.. Wanauza bidhaa ambazo zinapatikana mtaani na Kkoo tena kwa bei nafuu. Click to expand... "bei nafuu" i like that. mungeuziwa ghali mungesema munaibiwa. au?   - 0 people likes Annael JF-Expert Member #10 Apr 24, 2017 at 6:48 AM Joined: Sep 26, 2011 Messages: 9,074 Likes Received: 5,157 Trophy Points: 280 Lewis254 said: ↑ "bei nafuu" i like that. mungeuziwa ghali mungesema munaibiwa. au? Click to expand... Kariakoo zinauzwa bei ya chini halafu kitu kile kile unakileta kwenye supermarket na kukipandisha bei. Unadhani utapata mteja? Ukija kwenye soko la TZ lazima ujue culture na inabidi ufanye utafiti wa kutosha. Siyo kama hawa wakenya waliingia kichwa kichwa na wameangukia pua.   - 5 people likes chuma cha mjerumani JF-Expert Member #11 Apr 24, 2017 at 7:07 AM Joined: Dec 4, 2013 Messages: 2,684 Likes Received: 2,347 Trophy Points: 280 Lewis254 said: ↑ lete links au facts to support this. Click to expand... acha kukariri me nimeona nilete link ya macho?   - 0 people likes ibuo JF-Expert Member #12 Apr 24, 2017 at 7:17 AM Joined: Nov 14, 2013 Messages: 396 Likes Received: 296 Trophy Points: 80 Wanauza mchicha wa msimbazi elfu 20 atanunua nani wakat mtaani 200   - 0 people likes vesta JF-Expert Member #13 Apr 24, 2017 at 7:26 AM Joined: Jan 12, 2014 Messages: 313 Likes Received: 106 Trophy Points: 60 Kwani uchumi bado Tanzania, nilidhani walishafunga biashara tokea 2016   - 0 people likes Lewis254 JF-Expert Member #14 Apr 24, 2017 at 7:43 AM Joined: Apr 3, 2017 Messages: 319 Likes Received: 62 Trophy Points: 45 vesta said: ↑ Kwani uchumi bado Tanzania, nilidhani walishafunga biashara tokea 2016 Click to expand... hawaezi funga   - 1 people likes Annael JF-Expert Member #15 Apr 24, 2017 at 7:46 AM Joined: Sep 26, 2011 Messages: 9,074 Likes Received: 5,157 Trophy Points: 280 vesta said: ↑ Kwani uchumi bado Tanzania, nilidhani walishafunga biashara tokea 2016 Click to expand... Hawapo walishatimua muda.   - 0 people likes E Edward Wanjala JF-Expert Member #16 Apr 24, 2017 at 6:12 PM Joined: Nov 3, 2016 Messages: 3,862 Likes Received: 2,142 Trophy Points: 280 When Kenya tries to Keep FDI Tanzanians celebrate when they close shop!! Clearly shows why Tanzania is a Least Developed Country. Those guys employed in the Supermarkets, those employed in the Supply Chains, Those employed by the production chains, the business of supply and production, loss of Taxes ..... and much more, then a Danganyikan celebrates!!! Daaah, Very sick in the head   - 5 people likes w wise123 Senior Member #17 Apr 24, 2017 at 6:16 PM Joined: Apr 8, 2017 Messages: 104 Likes Received: 76 Trophy Points: 45 kitu rahisi ni maji na juice   - 1 people likes Mark Msue Senior Member #18 Apr 24, 2017 at 6:23 PM Joined: Apr 2, 2017 Messages: 145 Likes Received: 194 Trophy Points: 60 Edward Wanjala said: ↑ When Kenya tries to Keep FDI Tanzanians celebrate when they close shop!! Clearly shows why Tanzania is a Least Developed Country. Those guys employed in the Supermarkets, those employed in the Supply Chains, Those employed by the production chains, the business of supply and production, loss of Taxes ..... and much more, then a Danganyikan celebrates!!! Daaah, Very sick in the head Click to expand... As a Tanzania citizen what you have spoken is nothing but the truth...keeping grudges over the success of your competitor is the stupidity of the highest magnitude.You cant be prosperous by hating the one who is ahead of you.We need to change this old fasioned mindset so as to sail together with the World in this World of capitalism and globalization.   - 4 people likes M Matmyz Member #19 Apr 24, 2017 at 6:27 PM Joined: Jan 14, 2017 Messages: 72 Likes Received: 106 Trophy Points: 40 Edward Wanjala said: ↑ When Kenya tries to Keep FDI Tanzanians celebrate when they close shop!! Clearly shows why Tanzania is a Least Developed Country. Those guys employed in the Supermarkets, those employed in the Supply Chains, Those employed by the production chains, the business of supply and production, loss of Taxes ..... and much more, then a Danganyikan celebrates!!! Daaah, Very sick in the head Click to expand... Unajua all places ambazo uchumi has closed its supermarkets ..kuna supermarket mpya ambazo zimeemploy watu ...Quality centre mall...kuna American supermarket . ..makumbusho ..kuna chopies . ..so it means the companies ndo zimefail,,,mbn TSN a tanzanian supermarket is doing well   - 2 people likes bukoba boy JF-Expert Member #20 Apr 24, 2017 at 6:34 PM Joined: Jan 15, 2015 Messages: 3,860 Likes Received: 1,144 Trophy Points: 280 What Tanzanian supermarkets wamejaribu business kwa manyang'au?   - 0 people likes (You must log in or sign up to reply here.) Show Ignored Content Page 1 of 2 1 2 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Email Your name or email address: Do you already have an account? No, create an account now. Yes, my password is: Forgot your password? Sign up now! Staff Online Now Moderator Content Quality Controller Fang Content Manager Active Content Quality Controller Forum Statistics Topics 998,054 Members 391,246 Posts 20,574,714 Share This Page Facebook Twitter JamiiForums | The Home of Great Thinkers Forums East African Forums Kenyan News and Politics XenForo Add-ons by Brivium ™ © 2012-2013 Brivium LLC. Forums Forums Quick Links Search Forums Create Thread Recent Posts Members Members Quick Links Notable Members Current Visitors Recent Activity Terms and Rules Log in Register Search Who are WE? JamiiForums is a 'User Generated Content' site; anyone can register (MUST) and comment or start a new topic. You are always welcome! Read more... Where are we? We have our offices in Dar es Salaam but we still work virtually. For anything related to this site please Contact us. Contact Us Now... DISCLAIMER JamiiForums, its partners, affiliates and advertisers are not responsible for the content of threads/topics that are submitted by users.. Read more... Forum Rules JamiiForums is moderated under the rules set by users and moderators to safeguard you. You MUST read them and comply accordingly Read more... Privacy Policy We are committed to respecting your privacy rights when visiting any JamiiForums.com page, such as this one. Read our Privacy Policy. Proceed here... Terms and Rules Contact Us Help Home Up to top Loading...
