Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pandora Media Inc (P) Receives $14.91 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Otter Tail Co. (OTTR) Given $41.50 Average Price Target by Brokerages Analysts Set Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) PT at $30.33 Analysts Set SunOpta, Inc. (STKL) Target Price at $8.67 Brokerages Set Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Price Target at $177.73 PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Receives $114.53 Average Price Target from Analysts First Hawaiian Inc (FHB) Receives Buy Rating from Barclays PLC BankUnited’s (BKU) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Receives $137.88 Consensus PT from Analysts Sarepta Therapeutics Inc (SRPT) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Gastar Exploration Inc (GST) Receives $2.15 Average PT from Brokerages Cowen and Company Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for K2M Group Holdings Inc (KTWO) Sunoco LP (SUN) Given Outperform Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Rating Reiterated by Mizuho Zacks: Brokerages Set $13.25 Target Price for Fulgent Genetics Inc (FLGT) Selecta Biosciences Inc (SELB) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) have been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the twenty-two brokerages that are presently covering the firm. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, fourteen have issued a hold recommendation and six have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $90.64. PG has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $90.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $98.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.19% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $89.23. 4,739,140 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average of $90.30 and a 200-day moving average of $86.97. The company has a market cap of $228.11 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.35 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12-month low of $79.10 and a 12-month high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The firm earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business’s revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.04 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In other news, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $1,819,170.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 37,835 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,291,645. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Marc S. Pritchard sold 47,252 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.14, for a total transaction of $4,117,539.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 151,643 shares in the company, valued at $13,214,171.02. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. State Street Corp increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 117,814,233 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,905,824,000 after buying an additional 1,102,516 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 41,540,032 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,728,219,000 after buying an additional 105,964 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,918,188,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 14,964,441 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,343,059,000 after buying an additional 62,847 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Loomis Sayles & Co. L P increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 4.9% in the fourth quarter. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P now owns 8,766,489 shares of the company’s stock worth $737,087,000 after buying an additional 406,412 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/procter-gamble-co-pg-given-average-recommendation-of-hold-by-analysts.html. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 April 2017 by Military News Procter &amp; Gamble to announce dividend increase Shutterstock photo What’s Happening Consumer goods maker Procter & Gamble ( PG ) is a true dividend aristocrat, with a 60-year streak of dividend increases. Expect the company to extend its impressive streak this week when it announces its next distribution. The stock has gained 6.1% on the year. Technical Analysis PG was recently trading at $89.37, down $2.63 from its 12-month high and $10.27 above its 12-month low. Overall technical indicators for PG are bullish with a strong upward trend. The stock has recent support above $88.00, and resistance below $91.90. Of the 15 analysts who cover the stock, five rate it a „strong buy”, one rates it a „buy”, and nine rate it a „hold”. The stock receives S&P Capital IQ’s 5 STARS „Strong Buy” ranking. Analyst’s Thoughts With such an impressive streak of dividend increases, there is little doubt that Procter & Gamble will make another increase this year. The stock has a payout ratio of 69.4%, so investors should not be expecting a huge increase. Last year the company boosted its quarterly distribution by just 0.9%, and I would look for a similar increase this year given the current payout ratio. Look for the quarterly distribution to rise from $0.669 to around $0.675, for an increase of 0.9%. The company will likely announce the increase this week, with the stock trading ex-dividend about a week after the announcement. Stock Only Trade If you’re looking to establish a long stock position in PG, consider buying the stock under $89.25. Sell if it falls below $80.50 or take profits if it gets to $102.50. Bullish Trade If you want a bullish hedged trade on the stock, consider a July 80/82.50 bull-put credit spread for a 20-cent credit. That’s a potential 8.7% return (30.2% annualized*) and the stock would have to fall 7.5% to cause a problem. Bearish Trade If you want to take a bearish stance on the stock at this time, consider a July 95/100 bear-call credit spread for a 20-cent credit. That’s a potential 4.2% return (14.5% annualized*) and the stock would have to rise 6.5% to cause a problem. Covered Call Trade If you like the stock, but wish to lower your cost basis on a new position, you may want to consider a July $92.50 covered call. Buy PG shares (typically 100 shares, scale as appropriate), while selling the July $92.50 call for a debit of $88.45 per share. The trade has a target assigned return of 4.6%, and a target annualized return of 16.0% (for comparison purposes only). The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Originally published on InvestorsObserver.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Delta Air Lines to report first-quarter results Next PostNext Wells Fargo to post quarterly numbers April 13 Search Recent Posts HiFX Morning Update, April 10 2017 HiFX Morning Update, April 10 2017 BioTelemetry, Inc. Launches a Tender Offer to Acquire LifeWatch AG 2017 Monongahela NF Prescribed Fire (Prescribed Fire) National Public Safety Telecommunications Week Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's MFQ Hersh Cohen Shares His Top Dividend Picks The ClearBridge exec built a career on dividend stocks. Today he spots value in Merck and Schlumberger. By Reshma Kapadia Biography April 8, 2017 12:33 a.m. ET Harry “Hersh” Cohen unloaded Pepsi trucks in high school and invested his earnings in stocks. “The dividends were better than putting the money in a savings account,” he says. They still are, in many cases, as Cohen knows only too well from his perch at ClearBridge Investments, a Legg Mason affiliate, where he has built a reputation as... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. TIAA: A Trillion Dollar Startup Is Making A Move Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 6 Undervalued Energy Stock Picks Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks Shrug Off Company News, Falling 0.3% on Week Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The New Gold Rally: 5 Ways to Play It Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Are Stocks Finally Topping Out? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Excitement Over Shake Shack Fades 2 Barron's Buzz: Gold Is Glittering on Wall Street 3 March Jobs Report: Will Fed Eye Low Payrolls Number? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 5 Things You Didn't Know About Procter & Gamble A few surprising stats that investors might not know about the consumer products titan. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Apr 5, 2017 at 9:18AM As one of the biggest consumer products companies around, Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) likely earns at least a small piece of your monthly spending budget. After all, it owns a dominant share of staple industries including shaving, toothpaste, laundry detergent, and diapers. Yet this nearly 180-year-old business can still pack surprises for investors. Here are a few key operating trends and facts that you may not know about P&G. Shrinking sales Annual revenue has declined sharply in each of the last two years. In fact, fiscal 2016 marked P&G's lowest sales point since 2006. PG Revenue (Annual) data by YCharts. Part of this brutal decline is due to missteps by the company that have led to significant market share drops. Its shaving business, for example, owns 65% of the global market today compared to 70% in fiscal 2013. A bigger contributor to the sluggishness has been strategic, though. P&G shed over 100 brands from its portfolio in the past few years in a bid to become leaner, faster, and more profitable. As a result, it cleaved off about 15% of its sales base, but only about 5% of profits. Image source: Getty Images. Targeting simplicity P&G's strategy goes well beyond just removing its underperforming brands. Executives are nearly done with a complete reboot of how it does business. Every aspect of its operations, from manufacturing to advertising to shipping logistics, has seen a sharp reduction in complexity. "We are a much simpler company," executives boasted in a recent investor presentation, with the number of manufacturing platforms down 50%, category/country combinations slashed by 70%, and 30% fewer employees.  Market-beating profits Even though its sales base is down 11% in the last five years, P&G generated roughly the same total earnings in 2016, $10.5 billion, that it did back in fiscal 2012. Rising profitability has neutralized the slump as P&G's net operating margin passed 15% of sales last year.  PG Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts. The improvements put the company near the top of the list in its industry, beating rival Kimberly-Clark by a solid margin. Dividend follies P&G's 60-year dividend streak makes it one of the longest-running payouts in the market. Yet many investors might not know that this historic dividend recently accounted for over 100% of the company's annual earnings. The company paid out $2.59 per share in dividends in fiscal 2015 compared to $2.44 per share of profit. P&G's dividend cushion slumped as the company booked one-time losses from discontinued business lines and foreign currency devaluations against the U.S. dollar. Thus, the dividend was never in as much trouble as reported earnings would suggest.  P&G's payout ratio based on earnings from continuing operations. On the other hand, a $9 billion windfall from its beauty brand sales this year are temporarily swinging earnings -- and the payout ratio -- in the other direction. Adjusting for all of this noise, P&G's payout promise has held roughly consistent at an elevated, but not unmanageable, two thirds of earnings. Capital returns So far, cash returns are the most direct shareholder benefit to come out of P&G's strategic transformation. The combination of big brand sales, including multibillion-dollar franchises like Duracell, and the desire by management to simplify the business, has resulted in a transfer of a significant portion of the company to owners in the form of stock repurchases and dividends. P&G is on pace to deliver $18 billion of capital per year to its owners since the process started, including $22 billion in fiscal 2017 alone, for a total of $70 billion in fiscal 2016 through 2019. The good news for investors is that the program pushed up their total returns through a period of unusually weak operating results. But now comes the real test: whether the company can return to the type of steady market share gains that powered its impressive long-term growth before the recent downturn. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info Apr 5, 2017 at 9:18AM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $89.23 down $0.17 (-0.19%) Read More What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? Procter & Gamble Co. Stock at $90: What's Next? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc What Will Happen to Procter & Gamble Co's Shaving Business? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 5 Things You Didn't Know About Procter & Gamble @themotleyfool #stocks $PG
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » Indians pay more for soaps, shampoos $ toothpastes as HUL and P$G get ready for GST Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone Indians pay more for soaps, shampoos & toothpastes as HUL and P&G get ready for GSTSachin Dave & Sagar Malviya In the run-up to GST implementation, HUL & P&G are either changing production strategies or raising prices to reflect the new tax treatment for their products. | ET Bureau | Updated: Apr 10, 2017, 08.59 AM IST Under GST, most retailing goods are expected to attract taxes anywhere between 18% and 28%. MUMBAI: Indians are paying more for soaps, shampoos, or toothpastes, but the recent price hikes or altered output strategies may have less to do with input costs or demand than with the goods and services tax (GST) - the biggest change in the taxation landscape since Independence. In the run-up to the implementation of the GST, expected on July 1, consumer goods companies such as Hindustan Unilever (HUL) and Procter & Gamble (P&G) are either changing their production strategies or raising prices to reflect the new tax treatment for their products. HUL, India's biggest consumer company, has increased its production run in anticipation that GST would lower its tax burden, while P&G has taken an opposite view for its range of products, according to industry officials and distributors who did not want to be named. Prices were raised now to give companies the room to cut, and still cushion operating margins, once GST kicked in. "HUL has taken the view that tax rates on some of its product categories may come down after GST. This would mean that the margins may go up, due to which HUL has increased its production," one of the people aware of the development, told ET. "P&G is, however, down-stocking its products with retailers, and has even reduced the manufacturing of some of its products." Under GST, most retailing goods are expected to attract taxes anywhere between 18% and 28%. While HUL assumes that the rates could come down to around 18% from about 23% now, P&G has changed its production strategy on the assumption that tax rates would be 28%. "Upstocking and down-stocking would mean there could be a blip in the GDP recorded after GST is rolled out. So, if things go according to what HUL has envisaged and the tax rates are lowered, HUL would reduce its production and first try to sell products manufactured before the GST date, on which old tax rates apply," a tax expert said. For its part, HUL said it is premature to comment on the impact of GST now, pointing instead to what it described as steep increases in the cost of inputs — particularly vegetable oils, and raw materials linked to crude-oil. "Due to this, HUL has had to take calibrated price increases to offset some portion of the net input cost inflation, and the rest is managed through higher savings and better mix. In the short term, our production and sales plans are fine-tuned regularly to reflect market requirements," an HUL spokesperson said. P&G refused to provide its comments for this report. During the last quarter, HUL removed discount offers as high as 15% from detergents, soaps and, shampoos, while Godrej Consumers raised the prices of the Godrej No1 and Cinthol soap-cakes by 11-13% year-on-year. India's biggest oral-care company Colgate, which usually raises prices by 5-7% every year, increased them by 10-18% over last year. On a separate email questionnaire about the changes in its manufacturing strategy in the run-up to GST, HUL said: "We have been preparing for migrating to GST for the past two years. Our supply chain strategies have always been done over the long term after factoring in the post-GST scenario. In the short term, our production and sales plans are fine-tuned regularly to reflect the market requirements." DE-STOCKING EFFECT Unlike the November demonetisation, after which the impact lasted for more than a quarter, the GST may have a de-stocking effect, but for a short duration, say experts. Also, analysts expect HUL to expand its operating margins because of GST, as fewer warehouses and other benefits would lower its cost base. "There is a high probability that trade may start de-stocking inventory as the date of GST implementation draws closer, with a view to reducing the VAT-paid inventory in the system so that it does not have to take the credit from GST-paid goods as output," said Abneesh Roy, senior vice president at Edelweiss Financial Services that expects HUL to expand its operating margins. "De-stocking could also happen due to non-clarity on GST rates." Hasmukh Adhia, revenue secretary, responding to an email query on product categorisation had told ET, that the government is using harmonised system of nomenclature (HSN) that provides for detailed scientific method of classification for goods, and which is set to remove definitional ambiguities and minimising classification/rate of tax related disputes. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web In 5 Days You Can Be On A Boat... Cheap Cruise Sponsored Ads 47 Of The Most Loyal Dog Breeds In The World Frank151 This is What it Looks Like to Attend the Biggest Oscars Af.. StyleBistro More from The Times of India Sara Ali Khan to have 3 bikini scenes in ‘SOTY2’ Indian-American enters governor's race in NJ Kapil's alleged ex goes off twitter From the Web More From The Times of India After 15 Years Of Friendship, This Tiger And Bear Just Sai..OMG LANE 9 Discounts Seniors Get Only If they KnowBusinessAdviceSource.com 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,..TheFinancialWord.com George Clooney Shows Off His Brand New $15 Million HomeLonny Watch: Early Warning Signs Of An Asthma AttackHealthiNation OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Funny Video: Life cycle of an MBA graduate LK Advani cancels meeting with Arvind Kejriwal ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Sometimes Virat Kohli is so aggressive, I feel a bit scared: R Ashwin 'Osama's head had to be put together for identification' Arvind Kejriwal has forgotten all principles, says Anna Hazare Coffee and Colon Cancer Risk: Is There a Link? Ad: Dana-Farber Cancer Institute L&T names Subrahmanyan as CEO; Naik, non-executive chairman Larsen & Toubro chairman AM Naik will step down from his executive role to be the non-executive chairman of the engineering conglomerate, while SN Subrahmanyan will take over as its chief executive. PMO to review GST rate fitment Prime Minister’s Office to review the GST rate fitment post recommendations from various industries. From around the Web 11 Dirt Cheap Places to Buy a Piece Of Paradise SmartTravel.Tips Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwner Top 15 Luxury Cars You Need to See Now Finance Buzz More From The Times of India Anil Thadani comes to wife Raveena Tandon’s rescue Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Vinod Khanna hospitalised Read MoretoothpastessoapsshampoosProcter & GambleP&G Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Paytm taps online-to-offline to get users for e-commerce biz Snapdeal founders assure employees of job security Techies reskill to log on to big data deluge Staff shortage at ordnance factories hurts defence projects 1Indians pay more for soaps, shampoos & toothpastes as HUL and P&G get ready for GST 2Paytm taps online-to-offline to get users for e-commerce biz 3Snapdeal founders assure employees of job security 4Techies reskill to log on to big data deluge 5Staff shortage at ordnance factories hurts defence projects Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Rashid Khan Ravindra Gaikwad IPL Score: MI vs KKR IPL Score National Awards 2017 Gujarat Lions vs SRH IPL 2017 Yogi Adityanath Mumbai Indians Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Gujarat Lions vs SRH MI vs KKR Real Madrid Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Kollywood News Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Yogi Adityanath IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Pionts Table RCB Players List PM Modi Kaatru Veliyidai Review xXx Baahubali 2 Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS FMCG LATEST NEWS Pakistan's PM Nawaz Sharif bars his partymen from commenting on Gen Raheel Sharif Key warring factions look to cash in on Amma's turf HC denies bail to LIC agent in PMLA case involving Virbhadra No free lunch for CPM cadre in Bengal US Fed could end reinvestment policy this year: Fed's Bullard No VVIP treatment for Sasikala, visitors only once in 15 days US trucking companies Swift and Knight to merge: WSJ Banks scramble to fix old systems as IT "cowboys" ride into sunset Donald Trump considers trade order that could lead to duties: Official Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportTechTelecom DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco ET Home›Industry›Cons. Products›FMCG 12:14 PM | 10 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,692-14.49 NIFTY 50 9,2023.95 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,73046.00 USD/INR 64.480.20 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Indians pay more for soaps, shampoos & toothpastes as HUL and P&G get ready for GST By Sachin Dave & Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau | Apr 10, 2017, 06.11 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ONtoothpastessoapsshampoosProcter & GambleP&GHULHindustan UniLever Under GST, most retailing goods are expected to attract taxes anywhere between 18% and 28%. Company Summary NSE BSE Procter & Gamble Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES HUL Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Hindustan UniLever Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Love visual aspect of news?: Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! MUMBAI: Indians are paying more for soaps, shampoos, or toothpastes, but the recent price hikes or altered output strategies may have less to do with input costs or demand than with the goods and services tax (GST) – the biggest change in the taxation landscape since Independence. In the run-up to the implementation of the GST, expected on July 1, consumer goods companies such as Hindustan Unilever (HUL) and Procter & Gamble (P&G) are either changing their production strategies or raising prices to reflect the new tax treatment for their products. HUL, India’s biggest consumer company, has increased its production run in anticipation that GST would lower its tax burden, while P&G has taken an opposite view for its range of products, according to industry officials and distributors who did not want to be named. Prices were raised now to give companies the room to cut, and still cushion operating margins, once GST kicked in. "HUL has taken the view that tax rates on some of its product categories may come down after GST. This would mean that the margins may go up, due to which HUL has increased its production," one of the people aware of the development, told ET. "P&G is, however, down-stocking its products with retailers, and has even reduced the manufacturing of some of its products." Under GST, most retailing goods are expected to attract taxes anywhere between 18% and 28%. While HUL assumes that the rates could come down to around 18% from about 23% now, P&G has changed its production strategy on the assumption that tax rates would be 28%. "Upstocking and down-stocking would mean there could be a blip in the GDP recorded after GST is rolled out. So, if things go according to what HUL has envisaged and the tax rates are lowered, HUL would reduce its production and first try to sell products manufactured before the GST date, on which old tax rates apply," a tax expert said. For its part, HUL said it is premature to comment on the impact of GST now, pointing instead to what it described as steep increases in the cost of inputs — particularly vegetable oils, and raw materials linked to crude-oil. "Due to this, HUL has had to take calibrated price increases to offset some portion of the net input cost inflation, and the rest is managed through higher savings and better mix. In the short term, our production and sales plans are fine-tuned regularly to reflect market requirements," an HUL spokesperson said. P&G refused to provide its comments for this report. During the last quarter, HUL removed discount offers as high as 15% from detergents, soaps and, shampoos, while Godrej Consumers raised the prices of the Godrej No1 and Cinthol soap-cakes by 11-13% year-on-year. India’s biggest oral-care company Colgate, which usually raises prices by 5-7% every year, increased them by 10-18% over last year. On a separate email questionnaire about the changes in its manufacturing strategy in the run-up to GST, HUL said: "We have been preparing for migrating to GST for the past two years. Our supply chain strategies have always been done over the long term after factoring in the post-GST scenario. In the short term, our production and sales plans are fine-tuned regularly to reflect the market requirements." DE-STOCKING EFFECT Unlike the November demonetisation, after which the impact lasted for more than a quarter, the GST may have a de-stocking effect, but for a short duration, say experts. Also, analysts expect HUL to expand its operating margins because of GST, as fewer warehouses and other benefits would lower its cost base. "There is a high probability that trade may start de-stocking inventory as the date of GST implementation draws closer, with a view to reducing the VAT-paid inventory in the system so that it does not have to take the credit from GST-paid goods as output," said Abneesh Roy, senior vice president at Edelweiss Financial Services that expects HUL to expand its operating margins. "De-stocking could also happen due to non-clarity on GST rates." Hasmukh Adhia, revenue secretary, responding to an email query on product categorisation had told ET, that the government is using harmonised system of nomenclature (HSN) that provides for detailed scientific method of classification for goods, and which is set to remove definitional ambiguities and minimising classification/rate of tax related disputes. Comments(0)Add Comments Indians pay more for soaps, shampoos & toothpastes as HUL and P&G get ready for GST To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Related Articles GST may make gold costlier CBEC to be renamed, reorganised for GST regime Traders divided on gold GST rate GST set to complicate operations for banks Most companies may be struggling with GST READ MORE ONtoothpastessoapsshampoosProcter & GambleP&GHULHindustan UniLever Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers New way to profit from Commercial Real Estate in Bangalore Property Share Bollywood Films That Ran For The Longest Time In Theatres BOLLYWOODUNIONMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Amit Shah to address BJP's mega convention in Delhi tomorrow Earth-like planetary waves discovered on Sun Kashmir's slice of 'paradise' has big ambitions From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwner If You Own a Computer You Must Try This Game Pirates: Free Online Game Starting At $189, Powerful Windows 10 Laptops. Shop Now Microsoft Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Popular Articles This India-Russia corridor may undercut China's Asia ambitions 10 Apr 2017, 10:47 INSTC is one of corridors that New Delhi is working on as part of connectivity initiatives parallel to China's One Belt One Road strategy. Cheer up, techies! This strategy can get you up to 50% salary hike this year 10 Apr 2017, 11:12 Many working professionals are signing up for specialised courses. Those who complete the courses tend to get considerble hikes in salaries. This invisible inflation is quietly eating away at your finances. Find out how 10 Apr 2017, 10:27 Is your money going up in smoke very quickly, which was never the case a few years ago? Read to know how this invisible inflation is affecting your finances. UP starts work on 6 AIIMS, 25 new medical colleges 10 Apr 2017, 11:08 Once we shortlist areas for setting up these institutions, we will send a proposal to the Centre through the Chief Minister," Minister for Technical and Medical Education Minister Ashutosh Tondon Gopalji said. View: Slaughter ban may soon banish the cow itself 10 Apr 2017, 10:38 From 1997 to 2012 the number of cows has increased from 103 million to 117 million. Over the same time the number of male cattle has gone down from 96 million to 66 million. Depts occupying extra space will have to pay rent 10 Apr 2017, 10:34 Ministries and departments such as external affairs, Press Information Bureau and programme implementation will fall under this category , to name a few. Alleged EVM tampering: Opposition parties to meet EC 10 Apr 2017, 11:39 Leaders of various opposition parties today met in Parliament and decided to jointly meet the Election Commission, demanding that their concerns on the issue be addressed. Madhya Pradesh civic body plans complete meat ban 10 Apr 2017, 11:14 Akhilesh Khandelwal, the Hoshangabad municipal chairman, wants to make this holy town the first in Madhya Pradesh to go pure vegetarian. There is no triple talaq in Quran: Salma Ansari 10 Apr 2017, 10:27 Vice President Hamid Ansari's wife, Salma Ansari's views on triple talaq comes at a time when there is a nationwide debate on the practice and its validity.  J&K: Infiltration bid foiled; 4 militants killed 10 Apr 2017, 09:27 A defence spokesman said that a group of militants tried to infiltrate from across the Line of Control (LoC) in Keran sector but troops foiled their bid. EC cancels RK Nagar by-elections in Chennai 10 Apr 2017, 06:24 After several rounds of meeting with Tamil Nadu election officials, the Election Commission decided to rescind the election notification. Manmohan PMO passed buck on CWG scams: PAC 10 Apr 2017, 07:38 The PAC also asked the CBI to take up de novo (afresh) investigation into cases of alleged corruption that were closed by the agency. UP, U'khand to resolve disputes over Ganga assets 10 Apr 2017, 08:24 The Union water resources ministry brought both states to the discussion table and decided to constitute a joint body — Ganga Management Board, next month. Cong to go into a huddle with like-minded oppn parties 10 Apr 2017, 01:09 Cong leadership has sent out invites to many “likeminded Opposition parties” for the meeting scheduled to be held at leader of Opposition Ghulam Nabi Azad’s office. Dalai Lama may name his successor in Tawang 10 Apr 2017, 01:34 Accusing China of making a bid to name his successor, 14th Dalai Lama said it is for the people to decide whether they want to continue with the institution of Dalai Lama or not. NDA meet gets bigger with North East, Kerala allies 10 Apr 2017, 01:41 BJP recently diffused a crisis with Sena, which was upset after flight ban against one of its MPs. Though the BJP has a majority, it had accommodated its allies in govt. 'In the next 5 years UP will be the best in the country' 10 Apr 2017, 00:36 "Every department of Uttar Pradesh govt is plagued with corruption, which the Adityanath government has resolved to root out completely." Modi not to endorse any move that will weaken Hasina 10 Apr 2017, 00:15 Any compromise on the part of Hasina on the proposed agreement to share Teesta water will weaken her position ahead of the election in 2019. View: Political reforms are direly needed in India 10 Apr 2017, 00:06 People need to be encouraged to make government accountable on a daily basis, instead of on a five-year cycle. UP guv Ram Naik, Dy CM speak for ‘Vande Mataram’ 10 Apr 2017, 00:03 "Freedom fighters had laid down their lives singing Vande Mataram. The Constitution had given recognition to national anthem and national song in 1950." Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Cash in use 26% less than November 8 levels, withdrawals fall for fourth week Highways across country turn into local roads to 'dodge' Supreme Court's liquor ban Global nuclear giants go bust, should India celebrate? Central Bank of India customer wins Rs 1 crore Kotak Mahindra vs HDFC Bank: Are they following divergent strategies or are similar at their core? More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Income Tax Slabs RBI Policy|Gold rate National Awards 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Oleochemicals Fatty Acids market is estimated at $17.73 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $30.62 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2015 to 2022. Some of the key drivers of the market include consumer-driven demand and recyclability. Moreover, demand for food & beverages, soaps & detergents act as opportunities for the market growth. Exposure to consumer trends is favouring markets such as cleaning, beauty and food. Asia-Pacific held the largest share in 2015, China being the top contributor. Japan, China and India are the prominent countries with a huge demand for oleochemicals. Growing applications of oleochemicals in the soaps & detergents industry is boosting investments in the oleochemicals market. The demand for oleochemicals is rising in the pharmaceutical & personal care industry as consumers are becoming conscious about the environmental benefits and cost effectiveness offered by oleochemicals. Significant mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, and joint ventures are the industry trends that are playing a major role for the market growth. Some of the key players in the market include 3F Group, Amyris, Arizona Chemical Company LLC, Cargill Incorporated, CREMER, Emery Oleochemicals, Evonik Industries, Genomatica, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, KLK OLEO, Mery Oleochemicals, P&G Chemicals, PT Musim Mas, Solazyme, Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company Pvt. Ltd and Wilmar International Ltd,. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-market-2016 Products Covered: • Distilled Fatty Acids • Stearic Acid • Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids • Fractionated Fatty Acids • Glycerin • Fatty Alcohols • Oleic Acid • Caproic Acid Applications Covered: • Food and Beverages • Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care • Polymers • Soaps and Detergents • Agrochemicals • Lubricant & Grease • Coating & Resin • Paper, Candles and Waxes • Other Applications Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-market-2016 https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electrical Enclosure Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Full Body Scanners Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Search Recent Posts National Public Safety Telecommunications Week Transactions in relation to share repurchase program – week 14 Kaup á eigin bréfum í samræmi við endurkaupaáætlun – vika 14 The easiest and the fastest Youtube mp3 converter Metropolitan Plaza in Guangzhou disposed by Cushman & Wakefield again Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Surfactants Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Surfactants market accounted for $31.12 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $47.53 billion by 2022 growing at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 6.2% during the forecast period 2015 to 2022. Increasing demand for surfactants in personal care applications, new investments and upcoming projects in emerging economies are the factors propelling the market growth. On the other hand, expensive raw material costs, stringent government regulations are the restraints inhibiting the market growth. The amphoteric surfactants segment has a share around 7% of the global market in 2015 and is projected to have highest growth rate during the forecast period. Synthetic surfactants of substrate types hold the major share in the surfactants market, as of 2015. However, due to strict regulations, bio-based surfactants are expected to grow at a highest CAGR in the future. Asia Pacific is also expected to grow at the highest growth rate owing to the growth in segments such as personal care, oilfield chemical, pharmaceuticals, etc. The second largest consumer of surfactants is North America followed by Europe. Some of the key players in global surfactants market include Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, Akzonobel N.V., BASF SE, Clariant AG, Dupont EI DE Nemours & Co., Evonik Industries AG, Henkel AG & Co. KGAA, Huntsman Corporation, KAO Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company, Stepan Company, Croda International PLC, Solvay, RHODIA S.A., P&G Chemicals, and Lion Corporation. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/surfactants-market-2016 Products Covered: • Amphoteric Surfactants • Cationic Surfactants • Non-Anionic Surfactants o Amine Oxides o Alcohol Ethoxylates (AE) o Alkyl Phenol Ethoxylates • Anionic Surfactants o Alpha Olefin Sulfonates (AOS) o Linear Alkylbenzene Sulfonate (LAS) o Methyl Ester Sulfonates (MES) o Secondary Alkane Sulfonate (SAS) o Sulfosuccinates o FAI Ether Sulfates • Other Products o Fluorosurfactants o Silicone Applications Covered: • Crop Protection • Elastomers and plastics Industry • Food Industry • Oilfield Chemicals • Personal Care Industry • Pharmaceutical Industry • Soap/detergent Industry • Textile Industry • Home Care • Paints & Coatings • Construction • Other Applications Substrate Types Covered: • Bio-based surfactants o Bio Surfactants o Chemically Synthesized Bio-Based Surfactants • Synthetic Surfactants Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/surfactants-market-2016 https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wind Power Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Wearable Electronics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Search Recent Posts New report sheds light on emission reductions BioTelemetry, Inc. to Hold Investor Call on April 10, 2017 Northern Ireland Reliable Sources Credit Radio Show Travel Expert Stephanie Abrams with Significant Growth of Visitors on Antrim’s North Coast Coalition, Vetted Syrian Opposition Forces Repel ISIS Attack Flood Bulletin #12 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 April 2017 by Military News Top WBENC Consumer Companies Join Together for the First Time in Collective Initiative to Source from Women-Owned Businesses BENTONVILLE, Ark., Mar. 30 /CSRwire/ – Walmart announced today that they are one of nine corporations joining in a collaborative effort to track and report sourcing from self-identified and certified women-owned businesses (WOBs) over the next five years. This marks the first time the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC), the largest third-party certifier of businesses owned, controlled and operated by women in the U.S., will launch a formal initiative to publicly report aggregated spending on WOBs. Walmart helped form this unified front of major corporations, including Campbell Soup Company, The Coca-Cola Company, ExxonMobil, General Mills, Johnson & Johnson, Mondelēz International, PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble, in order to create a more visible movement and raise awareness for the importance of sourcing from women-owned businesses. Walmart made the announcement on behalf of the other companies involved and WBENC at Walmart’s Women’s Economic Empowerment (WEE) Summit in Washington, D.C., a convening of leaders from business, government, NGOs and academia to discuss and celebrate the achievements of women’s empowerment. “Creating economic opportunity and growth is central to who we are as a company,” said Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. “We are proud to be part of this important initiative, and together we can make an even bigger impact in elevating these successful women-owned businesses. Our customers care where products are sourced, and we believe supporting women-owned businesses helps us put innovative products on our shelves while helping these businesses thrive and grow.” “Campbell is proud to join this collaborative effort in order to raise awareness and foster more opportunities for female business owners,” said Denise Morrison, president and CEO, Campbell Soup Company. “One of the core values of our company is to ‘seek the power of different’ and we are committed to assemble a supplier base that reflects the diversity of the consumers and communities we serve.” “Empowering women entrepreneurs and women-owned firms is smart business and smart economics,” said Muhtar Kent, chairman and CEO of The Coca-Cola Company. “Whenever you do the right thing and give businesswomen a real opportunity to compete, this creates a positive ripple effect that allows her to strengthen her company, her family and her community. And stronger families and communities help fuel more growth and opportunity.” “Women and minority-owned businesses are critical to both their communities and our company as they spur economic development and drive growth,” said Irene Rosenfeld, Chairman and CEO of Mondelēz International. “We are proud to support this important initiative, as we continue to strive for inclusion and diversity in our company and women’s empowerment around the world.” „Supporting women-owned businesses and diversity across our suppliers is central to who we are at PepsiCo,” said Indra K. Nooyi, Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo. “Our commitment to diversity is not only a source of pride, it is a source of strength. And it’s part of our broader commitment to what we call Performance with Purpose, our approach to building a healthier, sustainable future for all our stakeholders — from our suppliers to our shareholders to our consumers, customers, employees, and the communities we serve.” „P&G is committed to Gender Equality,” said Carolyn Tastad, group president of P&G’s North America business. „Supplier Diversity has been an important business strategy at P&G in the United States for more than 40 years. We are proud to join this initiative to empower women-owned businesses, as we believe in the power of economic inclusion. When the ownership of our supply base reflects the diversity of our employees, consumers, and stakeholders, our business grows and our community thrives.” “By participating in this initiative, these companies will help fuel innovation and growth for women-owned businesses across the U.S.,” said Pamela Prince-Eason, president and CEO of WBENC. “With women-owned businesses currently supporting the creation or maintenance of 23 million American jobs, investing in their growth means investing in more opportunities for the workforce overall.” The initiative comes at a critical time when women entrepreneurs across a range of countries report having smaller and less diverse networks, leaving them at a disadvantage for growth, innovation and ability to be relevant to a global market (Global Entrepreneurship Monitor). Walmart helped to recruit this initial group of corporations to take part in this initiative and is encouraging others to join as well. This announcement comes on the heels of the culmination of Walmart’s five-year Global WEE Initiative, which included a set of goals to help empower women around the world through sourcing, training and supporting diversity and inclusion. As part of the WEE Initiative, Walmart sourced $20 billion from women-owned businesses in the U.S. and increased sourcing from women-owned businesses internationally. Additionally, in 2014, working with WBENC and WEConnect International, a global network that connects women-owned businesses to qualified buyers around the world, Walmart helped fund the creation of the “Women-Owned” logo which can be used by any woman-owned supplier certified by those organizations at any retailer to highlight their products to consumers. Today, Walmart has more than 1,500 suppliers who identify as women-owned businesses, producing everything from apparel to produce. In addition to participating in this collective initiative, Walmart announced plans to launch a Knowledge Center that will house the key tools, resources, learnings and achievements of the WEE Initiative and help serve as a guide for any company or institution in their work to empower women. For additional details on Walmart’s Global WEE Initiative, visit http://corporate.walmart.com/womensempowerment. About Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Free Webinar, April 5: The 2016 Anti-Slavery Compliance Benchmarking Study – Trends and Good Practices Next PostNext Panalpina Publishes Integrated Management Report Search Recent Posts West Mims Fire (Wildfire) Security Council, UN Secretary-General and UN group condemn terror attacks in Egypt Troy Lee Designs/Red Bull/KTM’s Oldenburg Charges To Finish With His First Career Podium in Seattle Public Relations Legend Al Golin Passes Away at Age 87 Public Relations Legend Al Golin Passes Away at Age 87 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview The Economy Is Slowing, Not Stalling Ed Hyman and Bijal Shah of ISI Group say that despite weak conditions, the U.S. will avoid recession and the global economy will continue to plod ahead. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Leslie P. Norton Biography August 20, 2011 Ed Hyman, the founder of ISI Group, is no stranger to Barron's readers: He has been one of Wall Street's top-ranked economists for three decades, and he is a reassuring figure during moments of market turbulence. Bijal Shah, based in London, recently joined ISI from Société Générale, where his global-strategy team was consistently top-rated. We checked in last week with Hyman, who was vacationing in Maine, and Shah, who was in Sri Lanka. Economic conditions look weak, they say, and chances of a U.S. recession remain "uncomfortably high." Yet good news lies ahead: ISI is betting that the U.S. will avoid another recession, and the global economy keeps ticking. One bright spot: U.S. corporate earnings, particularly companies selling to consumers in the developing world. Our cover story this week cites the allure of emerging markets. However, Hyman and Shah argue that the U.S. might even outperform them over the next few years. Barron's: What do your surveys say about the state of the world? Hyman: The global picture is pretty grim. The economy has definitely slowed down globally, both developed and emerging. There is probably a 30% chance of recession in the U.S. The recent record volatility in the Dow Jones is a warning sign. But…slow growth is more likely than a downturn, particularly in the U.S. The risk in Europe of a recession is greater than in the U.S., perhaps a 50% chance versus 30%. The emerging economies are still driving the global economy, but have slowed to probably 6% on average from 7%. In Europe, the crisis is intensifying in the euro zone, even if Italian yields drop. The ECB needs to buy bonds. In America, Obama needs to lead a bipartisan effort to have significant deficit reduction over the next decade. The deficit brawl does not have to be a particularly heavy fiscal drag on the U.S. in 2012, but it's not a good situation. Odds of a bipartisan work-together approach are only about 50-50. If it were better than that, the growth outlook in the U.S. might be better. What are your forecasts? Hyman: The key things I am watching are unemployment claims, ISI's company surveys and consumer confidence. Unemployment claims are looking better, the surveys are looking slightly worse, and consumer confidence is looking very bad. Business confidence is also down. Even though in the past…we had plunges in the stock market like this that didn't lead to recession, you still had unemployment claims move up -- which I think was reflecting business being shaken. I expected more of a bounce in the third quarter, to 3% growth. Now I'm expecting less than that, because the stock market had a big decline. Growth of gross domestic product will be about 2.5% in the second half and also next year. Employment will increase, but not enough to lower the unemployment rate, which will stay at about 9%. For the euro zone, I'm forecasting zero [growth], since it will be dragged down by significant weakness in the [peripheral economies], such as Greece. [The euro zone grew 0.2% in the second quarter, down from 0.8% in the first.] And then from the emerging economies you get 6%, led by China, which is slower, but still 8% to 9%. So you end up with global growth of around 3%, after adjusting for inflation. If you are forecasting only a moderate chance of recession, is the Federal Reserve making a mistake in keeping rates low? Hyman: A 30% chance of recession is uncomfortably high. Keeping rates at zero for two years is probably a good idea. The argument for continued growth is that the rates are zero and likely to stay that way for a long time, the yield curve is positive, profits have continued to be good, balance sheets are strong and emerging economies are continuing to lift global growth. Shah: The Fed is keeping rates on hold when other central banks have higher rates and stronger growth. This brings down the value of the dollar, makes the U.S. economy more attractive and gets future growth going. This is very positive as far as equity markets are concerned. Has the market found a bottom here? Shah: Let's take a look at what happened. In the second quarter, a very sharp increase in energy prices basically reduced real disposable income to almost negligible growth. In the first couple of weeks of July, you saw the beginning of a recovery in equity prices, because energy prices fell back, giving consumers more firepower, and spending numbers began to improve. Then, we had three shocks. The debt-ceiling debate made federal employees and Social Security recipients wonder: "Are we going to get the next check?" In such circumstances, what you normally do is save more. ISI's retail surveys illustrate this. Then, the jump in Italian and Spanish yields increased worries about a credit crunch and collapsing potential growth. Then, the downgrade of U.S. credit, and the worry about needing more collateral, which would worsen credit availability. I accept that August can be rough in terms of economic activity. The worry was that margins would get squeezed because of the downturn. You saw lower equity prices. But within a month or so of worsening sales, companies react by cutting back their cost base. You may see unemployment tick higher in the next few months as corporations adjust cost-base risk. But higher unemployment isn't necessarily terrible news for equity markets. It leads to corporations taking decisive actions to restore margins, and rising unemployment pressures authorities to do as much as possible to stimulate growth. Enlarge Image Close Ed Hyman Jordan Hollender for Barron's The recession anticipation may have become overblown. In fact, in the past week or so, the ISI survey of retailers showed signs of bottoming out. If that is right, then you could be seeing a bottoming out in the equity markets as well. And if we are right, and you get 2.5% in growth, and corporations restoring their margins, you are looking for a resumption of the bull market in equities over the next six to 18 months. Corporations already have big profit margins. How will they get bigger? Shah: They are in a position to keep a lid on pay growth. Every year, you get productivity gains of around 2%, and it's always a question of what share the employer gets versus the employee. In recent years, real pay growth is pretty close to zero. All those productivity gains are going into improving margins, from 12% to 14% and then 16%. That gives you the 10%-to-15% earnings-per-share gains, which the bottom-up analysts are pretty correct in forecasting for the next year to 18 months. The bottom-up analysts are forecasting Standard & Poor's 500 earnings per share of $113 for 2012. Those numbers are pretty much bang-on. The bottom-up analysts have a very good understanding of what companies are doing to curtail their cost base and have a very good understanding of EPS growth. Now, what you see in the U.S. may not be replicated in the emerging-market economies that are in vogue at the moment. Emerging markets have very low unemployment rates, which is why inflation has taken off in places. In India, core inflation excluding food is 10%. In China, it's running at 3%. Donald Straszheim, who heads our China research, thinks those numbers will go higher, which will raise strong real-pay growth. In the next Chinese five-year plan, if you are going to grow wages at a higher rate, it means you have less ability to grow profits over the next five years. ISI's Picks Recent Company Ticker Price Adidas ADS.GER €47.20 Polo Ralph Lauren RL $126.94 Tiffany TIF 59.21 Starwood Hotels & Resorts HOT 40.24 Parker Hannifin PH 65.64 Timken TKR 33.92 ConocoPhillips COP 63.79 Source: Bloomberg So the best profit growth may be in the U.S. and not in the emerging economies? Shah: Yes. In consequence, I would envisage that in the next five years, the U.S. equity market could actually outperform the EM equity market quite significantly. U.S. profits can grow in a period of not fantastic, but OK, GDP growth. Margins will go to levels we haven't seen in 50 to 60 years. Hyman: Second-quarter earnings for the S&P 500 rose 12% year-on-year, which puts second-quarter earnings at an annual rate of $100. I find that very surprising given the weakness in the economy. For the third quarter, analysts have earnings up 16%, still surprisingly strong. [Corporations] are keeping a very tight rein on labor costs, which is good for profits, but tough on employment and consumer spending. Shah: The most recent selloff provides enormous opportunity to add assets and cash-rich companies. Google's [ticker: GOOG] purchase of Motorola Mobility MMI 1.288445552784705% Marcus & Millichap Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD24.37 0.31 1.288445552784705% /Date(1491598921235-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 93680 AFTER HOURS USD24.37 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 16967 P/E Ratio 14.680722891566266 Market Cap 927814637.740477 Dividend Yield N/A Rev. per Employee 959158 More quote details and news » MMI in Your Value Your Change Short position [MMI, see "What Google Sees in Motorola, and Beyond"] is an example. However, leveraged buyouts and financing may be harder to come by in times of market stress. Hyman: If interest rates are zero, it pushes investors of all types to do something more creative than getting zero. Can we have bullish spirits without good consumer confidence? Hyman: Consumer confidence has to come back. If the stock market bottoms and starts to come back, consumer confidence will come back, albeit from a very low level. What kinds of earnings-growth numbers are you expecting? Shah: For the U.S., I see something like 12% to 15% per annum for the next three years, because until you get unemployment rates down there will be no upward pressure on wages. Now for the emerging economies, pressure on wages is apparent. Maybe the authorities raise interest rates dramatically, in which case you see a total collapse in earnings. But the likely scenario is they accept inflation at higher levels, and you end up with single-digit EPS growth in the emerging economies. The euro zone is a mixed bag. Overall EPS growth may lag the U.S. over the coming year. Most of the bigger equity markets are doing just fine. Germany is doing well as a major exporter to China, with brand names like BMW and Mercedes. On the machinery side, earnings per share are growing rapidly. There are probably more commodity plays listed in the U.K. than in South Africa now, so if the global economy is fine, the U.K. equity market will do well even if the U.K. economy is in the doldrums. In terms of the cyclically adjusted [price/earnings ratio], U.S. and emerging-markets economies are trading on average valuations -- not expensive, but neither are they cheap. Europe is cheaper. The point is that valuations move with profit margins. So as profit margins improve, the valuation of the U.S. equity market will improve. As the profit margin in emerging markets deteriorates, their valuation will go down. On a relative basis, the U.S. will outperform the emerging markets by something like 5% per annum over the next two to three years. It may come in one big slug, or in a gentler climb. So how do you play this story? Shah: In the U.S., the past few years of inflation caused by very rapid wage increases was between the mid-1960s and the early '80s, when labor had bargaining power and the emerging markets were closed because of the Cold War. Stocks that did well during that period were brand names: Coca-Cola traded on a P/E of 48 in the '70s, Procter & Gamble pg -0.19015659955257272% Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE USD89.23 -0.17 -0.19015659955257272% /Date(1491598828726-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 4631941 AFTER HOURS USD89.25 0.02 0.02241398632746834% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 107199 P/E Ratio 26.220981486923304 Market Cap 228114455823.135 Dividend Yield 3.001232769248011% Rev. per Employee 621248 More quote details and news » pg in Your Value Your Change Short position close to 40, when the market traded at a P/E of 15. These kinds of stocks can do well in the emerging markets. The brand names are already performing well but can actually keep prices up in line with the general increase in consumer prices. And because consumers have rising real disposable income, they are in a position to purchase these products. Companies like Polo Ralph Lauren RL -1.7717754925040268% Ralph Lauren Corp. Cl A U.S.: NYSE USD79.28 -1.43 -1.7717754925040268% /Date(1491598924942-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 1410486 AFTER HOURS USD79.28 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 10987 P/E Ratio 45.385848408518434 Market Cap 6519273681.23657 Dividend Yield 2.522704339051463% Rev. per Employee 267615 More quote details and news » RL in Your Value Your Change Short position [RL] and Tiffany TIF -0.23481694951435586% Tiffany & Co. U.S.: NYSE USD93.47 -0.22 -0.23481694951435586% /Date(1491598847750-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 1014521 AFTER HOURS USD93.47 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 123392 P/E Ratio 26.32957746478873 Market Cap 11643090930.2551 Dividend Yield 1.925751578046432% Rev. per Employee 336286 More quote details and news » TIF in Your Value Your Change Short position [TIF] are all stocks whose products consumers crave. The companies will be able to further improve their profit margins as well. They have the ability to raise prices. Aren't there better names that are based in the emerging markets? Shah: Consumers in China and India are looking to move away from local brands to international brand names. Polo and Estée Lauder EL -0.2607561929595828% Estee Lauder Cos. Cl A U.S.: NYSE USD84.15 -0.22 -0.2607561929595828% /Date(1491598920994-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 1077083 AFTER HOURS USD84.37 0.22 0.26143790849673204% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 19259 P/E Ratio 29.017241379310345 Market Cap 30835989163.2106 Dividend Yield 1.6161616161616161% Rev. per Employee 247300 More quote details and news » EL in Your Value Your Change Short position [EL] have made significant market gains in Brazil and China. And even across the board, the Coca-Cola KO -0.14061401453011482% Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE USD42.61 -0.06 -0.14061401453011482% /Date(1491598850597-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 10897890 AFTER HOURS USD42.64 0.03 0.07040600797934757% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 130882 P/E Ratio 28.406666666666666 Market Cap 182882767595.224 Dividend Yield 3.47336306031448% Rev. per Employee 412552 More quote details and news » KO in Your Value Your Change Short position s [KO], Unilever s [UL], Nestlé s [NESN.Switzerland] are all seeing improved margin in the emerging economies. In the West, we are moving from brands to nonlabels because of a vast maturing population whose real income isn't growing. In the emerging-markets world, real disposable incomes are growing. Another theme is the idea that the bottom 80% of workers in developed markets aren't going to see tremendous real pay growth, but the income of the most affluent 10% to 15% of consumers will be helped by bonus payments, dividends, share options and the like. Stocks like Apple AAPL -0.22274815536683837% Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq USD143.34 -0.32 -0.22274815536683837% /Date(1491598800515-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 16316746 AFTER HOURS USD143.43 0.09 0.06278777731268313% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 355452 P/E Ratio 17.166467065868265 Market Cap 752039029985.815 Dividend Yield 1.590623691921306% Rev. per Employee 1874840 More quote details and news » AAPL in Your Value Your Change Short position [AAPL] and Polo will keep doing well. If profits continue to grow, then companies will spend money on advertising, hotels and travel. Starwood Hotels & Resorts [HOT] would be a beneficiary. As time goes on, Japan recovers, the U.S. doesn't subside, China's GDP grows at a healthy 8%-to-8.5% rate. There will still be demand for industrial equipment: Parker Hannifin PH 0.4930412531985271% Parker Hannifin Corp. U.S.: NYSE USD161.02 0.79 0.4930412531985271% /Date(1491598921641-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 885828 AFTER HOURS USD161.02 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 26004 P/E Ratio 24.887171561051005 Market Cap 21463001471.593 Dividend Yield 1.6395478822506522% Rev. per Employee 228800 More quote details and news » PH in Your Value Your Change Short position [PH] and Timken TKR -0.572737686139748% Timken Co. U.S.: NYSE USD43.4 -0.25 -0.572737686139748% /Date(1491598887931-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 668881 AFTER HOURS USD43.4 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 8074 P/E Ratio 22.604166666666668 Market Cap 3388498362.84789 Dividend Yield 2.3963133640552994% Rev. per Employee 190700 More quote details and news » TKR in Your Value Your Change Short position [TKR] will do well. And if growth doesn't collapse, then commodity demand will remain strong. Enlarge Image Close Bijal Shah Chris Gloag for Barron's Crude oil is still trading at $108, despite the collapse in equity valuations, and that illustrates there is much more resilience to energy. Some of the integrated oil companies like ConocoPhillips COP -0.5420598273439069% ConocoPhillips U.S.: NYSE USD49.54 -0.27 -0.5420598273439069% /Date(1491598845168-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 5596196 AFTER HOURS USD49.59 0.05 0.10092854259184497% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 261244 P/E Ratio N/A Market Cap 61283508930.4056 Dividend Yield 2.1396851029471136% Rev. per Employee 1796320 More quote details and news » COP in Your Value Your Change Short position [COP] are quite undervalued. Many now realize that they need to restructure their balance sheets and reward shareholders. ConocoPhillips is deleveraging to create more value for shareholders. In that situation, even if energy prices didn't move, you could see a strong move up for the integrated oil names. Finally, if you don't see the recession, the banks could see a significant rebound. JPMorgan Chase JPM -0.34690101757631825% JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE USD86.18 -0.3 -0.34690101757631825% /Date(1491598802031-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 12752756 AFTER HOURS USD86.05 -0.13 -0.15084706428405661% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 344352 P/E Ratio 13.922455573505655 Market Cap 306616195783.038 Dividend Yield 2.3207240659085633% Rev. per Employee 421060 More quote details and news » JPM in Your Value Your Change Short position [JPM] broadly fits our world view about better news ahead. Thanks, Ed and Bijal.  E-mail: editors@barrons.com Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Interview 1. Mariko Gordon: A Small-Cap Manager With Large Returns 2. How to Invest in the Bond Market Now 3. Bullish on Madison Square Garden, QVC Group 4. David Rosenberg: Cautious on the Trump Rally 5. Why Biotech Looks Like a Good Bet in 2017 Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. TIAA: A Trillion Dollar Startup Is Making A Move Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 6 Undervalued Energy Stock Picks Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks Shrug Off Company News, Falling 0.3% on Week Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The New Gold Rally: 5 Ways to Play It Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Are Stocks Finally Topping Out? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Excitement Over Shake Shack Fades 2 Barron's Buzz: Gold Is Glittering on Wall Street 3 March Jobs Report: Will Fed Eye Low Payrolls Number? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Obituary Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Obituary Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Lee "Babe" Franklin Hallberg • Apr 8, 2017 at 3:53 PM Born in Chicago, IL to second generation Swedish immigrants Walter and Elsa Hallberg, Lee passed away two days short of his 84th birthday. The youngest of three boys, Lee was affectionately nicknamed and still called “Babe” by his family and friends. Babe grew up in Western Springs, IL and attended Lyons Township High School where he was an honor student and a star athlete in football, basketball and baseball. He also met the love of his life Nancy his freshman year. He went on to graduate from Swarthmore College with a degree in Mechanical Engineering and developed great friendships with his Delta Upsilon fraternity brothers. The summer after graduation he and his high school sweetheart Nancy were married and started their family and long life together. Lee’s professional career took he and Nancy to Cincinnati, OH, manufacturing a new “Crest” toothpaste with Proctor and Gamble and then to Barrington, IL to manufacture Jewel Tea Company’s coffee line. He was soon promoted to Jewel’s facility in Melrose Park, IL to manage their bakery and eventually their Hillfarm Dairy division. He and Nancy lived and raised their three children in Palatine, IL for 20 years. An eventual move to Pet Dairy in Florida then led him to the corporate office of Dean Foods in Johnson City, TN. Lee completed his career as Vice President of Manufacturing and he and Nancy stayed for 25 years in Jonesborough into retirement. Lee was a fiercely loyal and dedicated employee and executive throughout his career. Retiring in Jonesborough, TN Lee enjoyed growing fruits (Arkansas Blacks apples, his favorite) and vegetables for the local Farmer’s Market, cutting and splitting wood, riding his Kubota tractor, singing in his church’s choir, playing bridge and playing golf in the Senior League. Lee and Nancy ran a bed and breakfast out of their home for 10 years, all while cheering on their beloved ETSU “Bucs” football and basketball teams. While President of the Jonesborough Civic Trust, he loved helping restore the Duncan House, as he was talented in both construction and woodworking. He came from a long line of expert Swedish cabinetmakers. Along with his fellow Civic Trust colleagues, Lee was instrumental in combining the Civic Trust and the Historical Jonesborough Foundation into what is now the Heritage Alliance. Lee was one of the most likeable, trustworthy, dedicated and selfless individuals to ever bless this earth. He has left all that he has touched with such meaningful memories and will be deeply missed by his family and friends. Lee is survived by his brothers Bruce (Joan) Hallberg and Jack (Joyce) Hallberg, his loving wife Nancy of nearly 62 years, sons Jeff (Patsy) Hallberg and Dale (Terri) Hallberg, daughter Donna (Ron) Pace, grandchildren Joshua (Michelle) Hallberg, Kris (Tabitha) Hallberg, Jacob Hallberg, Katie (Ray) Smith, Cody (Lisa) Hallberg, Jordan Hickey, Trevor (Angie) Hallberg, Casey (Elly) Hallberg and Morgan Pace. Lee and Nancy have been blessed with nine great grandchildren as well. Lee was preceded in death by his parents and son-in-law Ron Pace. A celebration of Lee’s life is being planned in Jonesborough this summer. A service will be held at his United Methodist Church. Please contact the church or family members for dates, times and details. In lieu of flowers please consider donations to the Haven Hospice in Lake City. FL and The Alzheimer's Association. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Can Brita Filter the Negativity Out of Twitter? Here's How It's Trying By Jack Neff - 29 minutes ago Array 0 Lowdown: How Brands Are Pushing Equal Pay Day Beyond April 4 59 minutes ago Array 0 On YouTube Live, Pirates Plunder Entire Channels Like ESPN and CNN By Garett Sloane - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Toyota, P&G, Trivago and More 2 hours ago Array 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago Array 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 On YouTube Live, Pirates Plunder Entire Channels Like ESPN and CNN By Garett Sloane - 1 hour ago 0 Behind SoulCycle's First Branding Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Should the Cannes Lion Be Shorn of Half Its Mane? By Emma Hall - Yesterday 0 Ad Industry 'Gatecrashers' Get Their Say at 4A's Conference By Megan Graham - Yesterday 0 Pepsi's Kendall Jenner-Joins-a-Protest Ad Sparks Backlash By E.J. Schultz - 22 hours ago 0 See Kendall Jenner in Her New Pepsi Ad By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Wahl Out as McDonald's U.S. CMO, Replaced by PepsiCo's Flatley By Jessica Wohl - 21 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Can Brita Filter the Negativity Out of Twitter? Here's How It's Trying By Jack Neff. Published on April 05, 2017. Most Popular Credit: Clorox Co. Can Brita go beyond filtering contaminants out of water to taking the broader unpleasantness out of life, even on Twitter? The Clorox Co. brand is giving it a go with a #FilterYourFeed campaign from McGarrybowen launching April 6 that lets people find and remove the negative things in their feeds, then replace them with positive messages from spokesman Stephen Curry along with GIFs of him doing things like playing with puppies. The effort is part of the brand's "Filtered Life" series, which looks at all the bad stuff that can be removed from consciousness as a metaphor for what filters do to water. Today's anti-bullying effort encourages self-filtering, only applying to outgoing, not incoming tweets. It also provides a bit of instant analysis people can use to see how many of their tweets get flagged. In the case of the reporter here, Brita's Twitter filter grabbed only 1.5% of messages -- those due largely to quotes from others. The filter doesn't, for example, like the word "crap," so Procter & Gamble Co. Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard's comments of recent months got snared repeatedly. There are of course worse things to be said. Some might point to Tweeter in Chief @RealDonaldTrump. It's unclear what share of the president's tweets might get caught by the filter, because it's not built to apply to other people's accounts. Asked whether Donald Trump might benefit from feed filtering, Brita Associate Director Yating Wong said, "We would encourage him to put out more positive comments and focus on the happy moments." She suggested he try Mr. Curry's GIFs featuring puppies and ice cream. "We want to celebrate the good," Ms. Wong said. "We don't want to get too bogged down in the negative. We just want to get to the good stuff faster." As part of Filter Your Feed Day, Brita will donate up to $20,000, or $1 per for every #FilterYourFeed share, to the Cybersmile Foundation, an international non-profit organization that combats cyberbullying. The broader "Filtered Life" campaign, which includes work from McGarryBowen, media shop OMD, Current for PR, and AKQA on digital media, spans digital and paid and earned social. It includes a series of videos featuring Mr. Curry and removal of words that turn phrases from negatives into positives. Brita is looking to do that with the business too. Sales in channels tracked by Nielsen, which exclude ecommerce and some club-store sales, were down 7.1% and market share down 3.1 percentage points in the 52 weeks ended Feb. 25, according to sales data provided by Deutsche Bank. But, accentuating the positives, share declines lessened for the latest four- and 12-week periods. In this article: Ad Tech Beverages CMO Strategy CPG Digital Social Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
News TV TOWIE Loose Women This Morning EastEnders Coronation Street Emmerdale Hollyoaks Pics Lifestyle Beauty Fashion Fit Horoscopes On The Beach Features Mum & Baby Movies Books Theatre Music Win! Competitions The Health Lottery Games Shop Subscribe More Search Become A Fan Follow Us News TV Loose Women This Morning EastEnders Coronation Street Emmerdale Hollyoaks TOWIE Pics Lifestyle Beauty Fashion Fit Horoscopes On The Beach Beauty Awards Features Mum & Baby Stephanie Davis baby blog Movies Books Theatre Music Win! The Health Lottery Competitions Games Shop Subscribe Home > Celebrity news > The Saturdays' Frankie Bridge exclusively reveals the secret to her and Wayne’s thriving married life alongside two toddlers: 'You can easily get lost in the day to day strains' 0 The Saturdays' Frankie Bridge exclusively reveals the secret to her and Wayne’s thriving married life alongside two toddlers: 'You can easily get lost in the day to day strains' FRANKIE Bridge and her footballer husband Wayne always look the epitome of happiness – and The Saturday’s singer has exclusively revealed how their relationship has come to be such a success. By Nicole Douglas Sunday, April 09, 2017 Frankie Bridge has opened up about her relationship with husband Wayne [Frankie Bridge/Instagram] Frankie, who is currently supporting Marie Curie’s 2017 #FeelSuper campaign, met Wayne back in 2010 before tying the knot in July 2014. But with a thriving musical career, Wayne’s stint on I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! and a whole host of other campaigns, Frankie has admitted there's one main ingredient to keeping the pair's relationship thriving during the busy periods in their lives. "We always make time for each other," Frankie exclusively told OK! Online. "Whether it’s Wayne taking the kids for the afternoon and letting me have some down time on my own, or it’s us making time to be together for date night." Frankie and her husband have two children together, three year old Parker and one year old Carter, and since retiring from football Wayne has been a stay-at-home dad.  Frankie Bridge is an ambassador for Marie Curie [#FeelSuper] Frankie Bridge and sons Parker and Carter  [Frankie Bridge/Instagram] "Being a parent is pretty all consuming, and you can easily get lost in the day to day strains," Frankie added. "But there was a time when it was just Wayne and I, and a time before I was with Wayne that it was just me – you have to remember that you have to look after you, and your relationship so you can be the best parent you can be." Currently, Frankie is taking part in Marie Curie’s #FeelSuper campaign, which helps raise funds for the terminal illness charity. Between the 5 April and the 2 May, if you go into Superdrug and pick up P&G brands like Oral B, Gillette and Olay, then they'll donate a portion of that sale directly to Marie Curie. Frankie and Wayne Bridge on holiday [Frankie Bridge/Instagram] Frankie Bridge spoke about why the charity is close to her heart [#FeelSuper] Speaking about why the charity is so close to her heart, Frankie revealed: "I have a friend who had a family member supported by Marie Curie and hearing about the support they received really stayed with me. "I have now been lucky to meet some amazing people by supporting #FeelSuper, so I am just reminded how important it is we all help and make difference to someone’s life who really really needs it. Related Baby Paul makes mum Sam Faiers giggle as he ... Jeremy McConnell admits he still likes ... Janet Jackson has first child Liam Payne takes a break from baby duties Frankie Bridge admits regret over career Frankie Bridge stuns in sexy wet selfie MORE STORIES VIDEO PICS Click Here "It’s heart breaking to think of someone not receiving the care they need at the end of their life, or a family not knowing which way to turn as they try and support a loved one with a terminal illness. "None of us know what position we will end up in or if a family member will need extra support at some point in their life – so getting behind a campaign that supports the work Marie Curie does is incredibly important.” Frankie Bridge is proud to be an ambassador for Marie Curie [#FeelSuper] She continued: "I have had the pleasure of meeting some wonderful members of the Marie Curie team from nurses to volunteers and of course the patients and their families. I am really hoping the public will get behind us again and help us reach the £500,000 mark! "What an achievement that would be. It’s been humbling seeing where the money raised goes and how Marie Curie help those in need." latest celebrity pics Anton Du Beke steps out with newborn twins BACK TO TOP MORE STORIES HOME NEWS TV PICS MUM & BABY LIFESTYLE MOVIES WIN! SHOP FUN THE HEALTH LOTTERY JACKPOT MILLIONS Subscribe to OK! Magazine Advertise at OK! Contact OK! Syndication & Licensing RSS Feeds Sitemap Archive Instagram YouTube OK! Bulgaria OK! China OK! Cyprus OK! Czech Republic OK! Georgia OK! Germany OK! Greece OK! Japan OK! Latvia OK! Mongolia OK! Pakistan OK! Romania OK! Russia OK! Slovakia OK! Thailand OK! United Kingdom OK! Venezuela Copyright ©2017 Northern & Shell Plc. OK! is a registered trade mark of Northern & Shell Worldwide Limited and is used under licence by Northern & Shell Plc. By viewing this site you agree to our Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy and Cookies. By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can find out more by following this link. YES, I AGREE
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Home Home Bloomberg Technology Share on Facebook Share on Twitter These Hackathon Hustlers Make Their Living From Corporate Coding Contests Some coders go from one marathon hacking session to another, subsisting on prize money and schwag. Illustration: Brandon Celi by Lizette Chapman @lizette_chapman More stories by Lizette Chapman April 4, 2017, 6:00 AM EDT Peter Ma looked around his San Francisco condo and realized he’d won everything in it. His flat-screen TV, home theater system, 3D printers, phones, tablets, computers and furniture were either hackathon prizes or purchased with hackathon earnings. Stashed under his leather couch — which he’d bought with an Amazon gift card — was a thick stack of 2- and 3-foot-long cardboard checks commemorating his most cherished wins. “The only non-schwag I have are shoes,” he said. With his gray hoodie and close-cropped goatee, 33-year-old Ma looks like any of the thousands of computer programmers roaming the city, but he’s part of an elite corps. He and about a dozen friends travel the hackathon circuit. They build apps, connected devices and other products during all-night, fiercely competitive programming contests where sleep is scarce and caffeine is plentiful. The sessions are usually sponsored by corporations, and top prizes mean serious cash. (We explore hackathons for the younger set on this week’s Decrypted podcast; subscribe here on iTunes.) Some of the hackers have jobs. Some do contracting work. Some have corporate sponsors. Almost all of them are working on a pet startup idea. For Ma and a few others, hackathons are a job. Ma knows he would make more money if he had a more traditional career. He just doesn’t want one. “I have my time to myself and the freedom to work on whatever it is I want,” said Ma during a long lunch on a sunny Tuesday in March. Ma said he has considered offers from Google, Facebook and Uber over the years, but passed every time because he likes calling his own shots. Intel sponsors his work by sending him technology for company-related projects, and he also has an occasional gig consulting for large companies. He likes the setup because it allows him to travel and work on his own schedule. Brian Clark, 27, supported himself on hackathon earnings for more than two years. (He and Ma don’t know each other.) He’s working on his fourth startup idea now, and says he carves out time for competitions because they help him hone skills and earn money quickly. “I’d much rather earn that money in two days so I don’t have to take the programming job for two months,” Clark said. At one hackathon sponsored by Kmart and Sears, he built a mobile gifting app. None of his friends liked the idea, so he engineered it on his own and ended up winning $6,000 for fewer than four hours of work. Another time, when his bank account was down to zero and he was sleeping on a friend’s couch in Oakland, he entered a hackathon out of desperation. “It was win it or apply for a job,” said Clark. He and some friends spent a little more than a day building a tool enabling developers to troubleshoot mobile apps by tracking user behavior. “Out of 800 teams, I won first for $40,000.” Over the past three years, Ma has traveled to more than 100 hackathons, and his strategy is down to a science. He knows how to maximize his time and prizes. He enters competitions based on the quality of the sponsors (read: big money), the location (unless airfare is covered, he’s not inclined to leave the Bay Area) and which of his friends are planning to go. The cooler and newer the technology being promoted, the more interesting the hackathon is. Ma and Clark both look for events that will help them continue their education by practicing new skills. A few days before each hackathon, Ma checks that all his favorite programs and tools are up to date. Usually updates take 15 to 30 minutes, but sometimes there’s a glitch, a program fails and an update can take a couple of hours. The times he hasn’t done the prep work, like at a Smart Cities event at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, have created chaos during the hackathon. “We didn’t know we needed an update and all the sample code stopped working,” said Ma. The oversight cost his team several hours to correct. “You know how a soldier goes to battle with a sword? Our weapons are our laptops.” Ma brings his computer, his iPhone, two Androids, a microprocessor development board and sensors for temperature, humidity and touch. He doesn’t pack a toothbrush. “I bring the basics,” he said. Clark packs his favorite blue fleece blanket and small pillow into his backpack along with his laptop and charging cables. (He also doesn’t bring a toothbrush.) Once he knows who the sponsors are and what technology they’re promoting, he writes a pitch describing the project he aims to build incorporating that tech and uses it as a script when he presents his project. “We had three guys building a fart app and 90 percent of the customers are women” Hackathons can vary in length, focus, judging criteria and other factors, but they all follow a similar pattern. Hackers register online, usually in teams of three to five people. Corporations hold competitions in all kinds of places: Any large space with bathrooms, screaming fast Wi-Fi and lots of power outlets will do. After each team claims their work area and stashes their gear, they meet with corporate sponsors to evaluate the tech tools they might use to build projects and, of course, get T-shirts and other schwag. Hackathons usually have a specific technology like augmented reality or a theme like “connected homes.” Hackers know about those categories in advance, but teams aren’t allowed to begin working until the official start. Most events last between 24 and 48 hours. During that time hackers work as a team to create something new, interesting and functional. Organizers provide all the food and drink — a menu that often includes pizza, burritos, energy drinks, chips and chocolate — so hackers can eat while they work. Many don’t sleep. Others take short naps under tables while their teammates continue coding on their laptops a few feet away. Calculating the salary of a professional hackathoner is not straightforward. Winners can earn tens of thousands of dollars every month, but much of that may come in the form of gift cards, service credits and gadgets. And since winnings are divided among team members, individual hauls vary depending on the size of the team. If these coders were working at Google as entry-level software engineers, they could each make about $127,000 a year, according to employer review site Glassdoor. That jumps to north of $200,000 for more senior positions. Jay Zalowitz, who lives in San Francisco and is 28, said he used hackathon earnings to bootstrap his startup for several years. He pared back his weekend hacking — it usually takes a couple of days to recover from such a lengthy grind — when he got a full-time programming job. “Once you start making real money, the amount you win is actually pretty marginal,” he said. Corporations have embraced hackathons in recent years. There were more than 1,000 in 2016, according to Devpost, a developer site that maintains a running list. Companies such as Microsoft and Amazon sponsor hackathons because the competitions allow them to show off their newest gadgets, like virtual-reality headsets and voice-control APIs. The more sponsors can entice developers to build with their products, the faster those products take off. IBM holds hundreds of hackathons — online and in person — every year. Some are massive. To push Watson, its artificial intelligence platform, IBM is now running a true marathon event (with a more normal work schedule) of three years with a $5 million prize attached. “We use it as a vehicle to push new technologies,” said IBM Chief Developer Advocate Willie Tejada. “We know it feeds revenue somewhere down the line.” Devpost founder Brandon Kessler said he’s recently noticed the rise of nontech companies and live events — like Fashion Week in New York — seeking to infuse technology into their main business by hosting and sponsoring hackathons. “They are becoming more of a daily tool for innovation,” he said. In March, Procter & Gamble hosted a hackathon in Redwood City, California, to promote Febreze plug-in scent dispensers and be inspired by new ideas for future products. Organizers invited Xerox’s PARC, Nest, Google, Amazon Alexa, cloud platform startup Arrayent and other companies promoting connected homes to attend so they could showcase their own technologies enabling connected Febreze dispensers. In exchange for $10,000 and prizes — including a PARC internship — dozens of developer teams slept in shifts during the 48-hour event to build the best project. Ma and his team, which brought a methane sensor to the event, built a fart app. When the sensor detected high levels of methane, it signaled the Febreze plug-in to emit a puff of fragrance. They didn’t win. “The technical integrations didn’t matter. It was all about the idea,” said Ma. He wished he’d had a woman on the team. “We had three guys building a fart app and 90 percent of the customers are women.” Procter & Gamble was happy with the results: One winning project connected the scent dispenser via Wi-Fi to a smartphone so users could control scent along with temperature and mood lighting. “Hackathons allow us to have access to some of the sharpest minds,” said Procter & Gamble spokeswoman Lauren Thaman, who said the company has done a couple such events and intends to do more. “It’s a very creative, fast way to get answers from innovators and early adopters.” Corporate hackathons don’t always go according to plan, though. Salesforce.com blazed into the hackathon scene in 2013, offering a $1 million grand prize — an unprecedented amount that dazzled hackers, who registered in record numbers to compete. But when judges awarded the prize to a former Salesforce employee, who had written some code before the hackathon officially began, the backlash from developers was severe. Salesforce clarified the rules in 2014 and has since abandoned the splashy competition in favor of an online learning program for developers. Ma says along with Salesforce’s withdrawal he’s noticed some companies have begun to offer smaller prizes. Founders sometimes game competitions, too, using hackathons as a place to launch their mostly baked startup ideas and presenting polished projects that have been a steady focus for months rather than a basic prototype created in a flash of inspiration. These forces have changed the competitive dynamic and made it harder to earn a living as a professional hackathoner. Of course, some hackers also drop out after they get jobs, get married or their immune systems can no longer withstand the stress of poor diet and no sleep. Ma says he plans to continue for as long as he can. He likes the freedom to build whatever he feels like and help larger social issues. He and friends recently competed in Code for the Kingdom, sponsored by Christian churches — a hackathon focused on solving homelessness, hunger and other social problems. They won $1,000. “I can always get a corporate job,” he said, slicing into seared branzino. “I don’t need to. That’s the backup plan.”   Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS FPI custodians, tax consultants in deadlock over GAAR liabilities Gold, silver trade on a cautious note Dilip Buildcon advances on winning two EPC orders worth Rs 580 crore Talking stocks: Sell Kushal Trade Link, hold Persistent Welspun India surges over 8% after Credit Suisse initiates coverage with 'outperform' Neuland Lab tanks 5% as USFDA issues observations to Hyderabad facility Investment tip: How long should you run an SIP Nifty week ahead: Metals, auto, pharma may lag; media, bank, realty stocks likely to shine Sobha shares tumble over 8% after promoters sell stake Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 10:37 AM | 10 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,71811.06 NIFTY 50 9,2067.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,70319.00 USD/INR 64.470.19 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW need2know: 7 macro triggers to take note of before you start your day By ETMarkets.com | Updated: Apr 10, 2017, 08.31 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ONstocksSensexreal estateRajasthanProcter & Gambleportfolionifty Company Summary NSE BSE Procter & Gamble Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES HUL Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Hindustan UniLever Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Love visual aspect of news?: Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! Companies producing FMCG goods have effected sudden price hikes ahead of the arrival of the GST regime, guarding themselves against possible cost appreciation and creating rooms for price cuts. Meanwhile, the Modi government has gone into presidential election mode, even as many states are busy trying to find ways to work around the Supreme Court's liquor ban along side highways, and how! These are among the interesting macro news stories we picked for you before you start your day in the financial markets. States finding ways around liquor ban States like Maharashtra, Himachal, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan and others have converted hundreds of kilometres of national and state highways into local, municipal or district roads, just a few days after a Supreme Court order banning liquor sale along highways. Most states have not specified any reason for changing the categories and some have even denied that the step has been taken in view of the Supreme Court verdict. Remember, liquor stocks fell all through last week FIIs go gung-ho on India story Foreign investors have pumped in a staggering $2.45 billion in capital markets in the last four sessions on the back of improved investor sentiments driven by passage of GST bills and growth in manufacturing sector. This comes following a record net inflow of Rs 56,944 crore (USD 8.7 billion) last month, mainly on expectations that BJP's victory in recently held assembly polls would lead to faster reforms. PMO’s push for housing for all In a bid to meet the objectives of the government’s Housing for All initiative by 2022, the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) on Saturday conducted a meeting with representatives of private developers to review the impact of the affordable housing schemes. In the meeting, which lasted over two hours, the PMO discussed challenges faced by developers while launching and executing such housing projects, , including high land cost and slow approval processes. The meeting was attended by representatives of industry bodies National Real Estate Development Council (NAREDCO), The Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (CREDAI), and MCHI-CREDAI apart from officials of the National Housing Bank. Watch the realty space. Govt braces for presidential polls The government seems to have gone into presidential election mode already. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has invited all the senior leaders of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) to dinner on Monday in a move linked to the presidential and vice-presidential election due later this year. Although the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is yet to give a clear agenda, senior NDA leaders believe the dinner diplomacy is the first step towards consensus building for the election of the president due in July and vice-president in August. GAAR confusion for FPIs Custodians for foreign portfolio investors and tax consultants are in a deadlock with both parties refusing to take the onus of potential liabilities of their clients in the new tax regime. The custodians, mainly foreign banks, want a certificate from consultants such as the big four firms stating that General Anti Avoidance Rule (GAAR)-aimed at curbing tax evasion by foreign investors --have to prove it is not be applicable to their clients. Pray, this does not affect FPI sentiment in market. FMCG price hikes ahead of GST In the run-up to the implementation of the GST, expected on July 1, consumer goods companies such as Hindustan Unilever (HUL) and Procter & Gamble (P&G) are either changing their production strategies or raising prices to reflect the new tax treatment for their products. Prices were raised now to give companies the room to cut, and still cushion operating margins, after GST kicked in. Watch this counter! Gold imports down India's gold import witnessed a fall of about 24 per cent to $23.22 billion in April- February period of the last fiscal, which is expected to keep a lid on the current account deficit. Total import of the precious metal in the corresponding period of 2015-16 stood at $30.71 billion. According to industry experts, softening prices of gold in the domestic and world markets could be the reason for the same. Comments(0)Add Comments need2know: 7 macro triggers to take note of before you start your day To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Related Articles Most sensex scrips yet to reach previous highs Sensex zooms; Vipul, Neuland rally up to 20% Sensex, Nifty end flat on mixed global cues Sensex, Nifty end flat ahead of IIP numbers Sensex falls: Shares of Idea, Coal India, ICICI Bank soar in volume READ MORE ONstocksSensexreal estateRajasthanProcter & Gambleportfolionifty Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwner Don't Miss These 5 Dirt-Cheap Home-Staging Ideas BankrateMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Start Your Child's Life Right with This Gerber Life insura.. Gerber Life Insurance Company If You Own a Computer You Must Try This Game Pirates: Free Online Game This game will keep you up all night! Vikings: Free Online Game Starting At $189, Powerful Windows 10 Laptops. Shop Now Microsoft Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale China cautioned over Silk Road projects in disputed regions What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Popular Articles Cash in use 26% less than Nov 8 levels, withdrawals fall for 4th week 10 Apr 2017, 06:10 At current levels, the cash and currency in circulation is 74% of the levels in early November 2016, or 26% less than early November 2016. Indians pay more for soaps, shampoos & toothpastes as HUL, P&G get ready for GST 10 Apr 2017, 06:11 In the run-up to GST implementation, HUL & P&G are either changing production strategies or raising prices to reflect the new tax treatment for their products. Staff well-being top priority, increments will be higher, says Snapdeal CEO Kunal Bahl 10 Apr 2017, 06:11 Even as SoftBank, pushes for a sale of the online marketplace, Bahl has written to staff, reiterating that their well-being continues to be top priority.  J&K: Infiltration bid foiled; 4 militants killed 10 Apr 2017, 09:27 A defence spokesman said that a group of militants tried to infiltrate from across the Line of Control (LoC) in Keran sector but troops foiled their bid. EC cancels RK Nagar by-elections in Chennai 10 Apr 2017, 06:24 After several rounds of meeting with Tamil Nadu election officials, the Election Commission decided to rescind the election notification. Manmohan PMO passed buck on CWG scams: PAC 10 Apr 2017, 07:38 The PAC also asked the CBI to take up de novo (afresh) investigation into cases of alleged corruption that were closed by the agency. UP, U'khand to resolve disputes over Ganga assets 10 Apr 2017, 08:24 The Union water resources ministry brought both states to the discussion table and decided to constitute a joint body — Ganga Management Board, next month. Cong to go into a huddle with like-minded oppn parties 10 Apr 2017, 01:09 Cong leadership has sent out invites to many “likeminded Opposition parties” for the meeting scheduled to be held at leader of Opposition Ghulam Nabi Azad’s office. Dalai Lama may name his successor in Tawang 10 Apr 2017, 01:34 Accusing China of making a bid to name his successor, 14th Dalai Lama said it is for the people to decide whether they want to continue with the institution of Dalai Lama or not. NDA meet gets bigger with North East, Kerala allies 10 Apr 2017, 01:41 BJP recently diffused a crisis with Sena, which was upset after flight ban against one of its MPs. Though the BJP has a majority, it had accommodated its allies in govt. 'In the next 5 years UP will be the best in the country' 10 Apr 2017, 00:36 "Every department of Uttar Pradesh govt is plagued with corruption, which the Adityanath government has resolved to root out completely." Modi not to endorse any move that will weaken Hasina 10 Apr 2017, 00:15 Any compromise on the part of Hasina on the proposed agreement to share Teesta water will weaken her position ahead of the election in 2019. View: Political reforms are direly needed in India 10 Apr 2017, 00:06 People need to be encouraged to make government accountable on a daily basis, instead of on a five-year cycle. UP guv Ram Naik, Dy CM speak for ‘Vande Mataram’ 10 Apr 2017, 00:03 "Freedom fighters had laid down their lives singing Vande Mataram. The Constitution had given recognition to national anthem and national song in 1950." After China's OBOR, Indo-Russia corridor coming up 9 Apr 2017, 23:52 INSTC will substantially reduce time taken and cost for transport of goods between India and Eurasia once fully functional and increase economic activities. 8 killed, several injured during Kashmir by-polls 10 Apr 2017, 00:50 Almost 70 per cent of the polling booths in Budgam district were abandoned by the polling staff due to the spate of violent protests in several areas, officials said. Mohan Bhagwat condemns violence by cow vigilantes 10 Apr 2017, 00:00 RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat said, "Any violence in the name of cow slaughter defames the cause and the law must be obeyed." Gaikwad books AI ticket from Pune to Delhi  9 Apr 2017, 23:36 Gaikwad has booked a business class seat in AI 852, which takes off from Pune at 7.40 AM and lands at Indira Gandhi International airport at 9.50 AM. 'Will ensure Rs 1 cr compensation for CAPF martyrs' 9 Apr 2017, 22:15 Singh declared this after inaugurating a new government website that will allow common people to make monetary donations to families of paramilitary troops killed in action. EC may cancel bypoll to R K Nagar Assembly in TN 9 Apr 2017, 23:21 Sleuths of the Income Tax Investigation wing conducted searches in properties and offices belonging to Tamil Nadu Health Minister C Vijayabaskar across TN. Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented This billionaire made Rs 6,100 crore from only one stock in just two days PSU banks losing foothold fast as private players ride the new wave Nifty week ahead: 6 factors that can steer market in coming week Fifteen stocks in focus on Monday, 10 April 2017 MF inflows into stocks drop 27% to Rs 51,000 crore in FY17 More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Income Tax Slabs RBI Policy|Gold rate National Awards 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
