Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by wiseguyreports Product Overview and Scope of Worldwide Bath Soaps Market 2017 – Unilever, Johnson & Johnson, Chicco, LUX, DOVE and more Bath Soaps Market 2017 Report Details: Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Bath Soaps Market –Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. Global Bath Soaps market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Procter & Gamble Unilever Colgate Palmolive Johnson & Johnson Chicco LUX DOVE Sebapharma Pigeon Galderma Laboratories Burt’s Bees Himalaya PZ Cussons Weleda Mustela Walch Safeguard Dettol OLAY  Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1340640-global-bath-soaps-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Bath Soaps in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Medicated Bath Soap Non-medicated Bath Soap On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Bath Soaps for each application, including Retail Stores Specialty Stores Online Stores Other Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1340640-global-bath-soaps-market-research-report-2017 Table of Content: Global Bath Soaps Market Research Report 2017 1 Bath Soaps Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Bath Soaps 1.2 Bath Soaps Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Bath Soaps Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Bath Soaps Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Medicated Bath Soap 1.2.4 Non-medicated Bath Soap 1.3 Global Bath Soaps Segment by Application 1.3.1 Bath Soaps Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Retail Stores 1.3.3 Specialty Stores 1.3.4 Online Stores 1.3.5 Other 1.4 Global Bath Soaps Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Bath Soaps Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Bath Soaps (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Bath Soaps Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Bath Soaps Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ….. 7 Global Bath Soaps Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Procter & Gamble 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Procter & Gamble Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Unilever 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Unilever Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Colgate Palmolive 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Colgate Palmolive Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Johnson & Johnson 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Johnson & Johnson Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Chicco 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Chicco Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 LUX 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 LUX Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 DOVE 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 DOVE Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Sebapharma 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Sebapharma Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Pigeon 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Pigeon Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Galderma Laboratories 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Galderma Laboratories Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Burt’s Bees 7.12 Himalaya 7.13 PZ Cussons 7.14 Weleda 7.15 Mustela 7.16 Walch 7.17 Safeguard 7.18 Dettol 7.19 OLAY Continue…. Buy this Report @  https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1340640 Contact Us: NORAH TRENT                Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com  Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)   CategoriesBath Soaps, Bath Soaps Industry, Bath Soaps Industry Trends, Bath Soaps Manufacturers, Bath Soaps Market, Bath Soaps Market Growth, Bath Soaps Market Sale, Bath Soaps Market Share, Google News, satPRnews TagsBusiness Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fischer-Tropsch (FT) Wax Market Trends & Forecast to 2020- Industry Analysis by Geographical Regions, Type and Application Next PostNext Polyurethane Dispersions (PUD) Market Analysis, Revenue, Price, Market Share, Growth Rate, Forecast by 2020 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Thu June 08, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Thu June 08, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Budget 2017panama leaksChampions TrophyCPEC Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Thu June 08, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Budget 2017 panama leaks Champions Trophy CPEC Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story Business June 6, 2017 Share Advertisement Brief P&G, HOPE collaborate News Desk KARACHI: Procter & Gamble (P&G) continues to join hands with its long-term NGO partner HOPE to help transform lives through the power of clean drinking water, a statement said on Monday. Over a million litres of clean drinking water is being available to the people in need in urban slum communities of Karachi this summer through P&G Purifier of Water sachets, it added. Too many people lack access to safe drinking water. Clean water can improve people’s health, help children stay in school and provide better economic opportunities for their families, it said.   Etihad offers free stopovers News Desk KARACHI: Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, will offer one night’s free accommodation at the Radisson Blu hotel on Abu Dhabi’s Yas Island, to all guests travelling in the Economy Class from Pakistan, the Middle East, and Africa. The offer is valid till September 15, 2017, a statement said on Monday. Mohammad Al Bulooki, executive vice president commercial of Etihad Airways, said: “Etihad Airways is delighted to invite guests to experience Abu Dhabi for themselves.” “The capital of the United Arab Emirates has so much to offer all types of travellers, whether they look forward to experiencing culture, a beach break or sports and adventure,” he added.  In Pakistan, Etihad Airways flights are taken off from Karachi, Islamabad, Lahore and Peshawar. So all customers travelling in the Economy Class can now avail of this offer and win a night’s free accommodation and experience “high life Dubai”, the statement added.   ‘Budget has no substance’ By our correspondent LAHORE: The All Pakistan Business Forum (APBF) has said that Pakistan needs 2.5 million jobs annually, but the government ignored to take any concrete measures in the federal or Punjab budgets for job creations for the unemployed youth. Commenting on the 2017/18 federal and Punjab budgets, APBF president Ibrahim Qureshi termed it a bubble budget, apparently feeling good, but does not contain substance. The economic managers’ focused more on revenue collection rather than the fulfillment of its major objectives of giving a long-term direction to the economy, he said. This budget shows the failure of the Federal Board of Revenue as the less number of taxpayers in the active taxpayers list clearly indicates the failure of the government, he added. Terming the federal budget a number game with no incentives for the industry and more privileges for a few sectors, he said, the government is non-serious to explore new avenues for revenue generation and no efforts have been taken to plug revenue leakages amounting in billions.   UK new car sales fall 8.5pc LONDON: British new car registrations fell 8.5 percent last month, an industry body said on Monday, blaming the decline on the run-up to this week´s national election and the effect of an April tax hike which boosted demand earlier in the year. Car sales dropped to 186,265 vehicles in May, with a 14 percent slump in demand to consumers and a 5.3 percent drop in fleet business registrations, according to data from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT). "We expected demand in the new car market to remain negative in May due to the pull-forward to March," SMMT Chief Executive Mike Hawes said, referring to a rise in vehicle excise duty which boosted demand before it came into effect in April.   Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Iranian parliament, Khomeini’s shrine attacked SC seeks JIT explanation on leaked photo KP govt unveils Rs603 bn budget for fiscal year 2017-18 Pakistan rejects Afghan allegations,warns against aggression China likely to build military bases in Pakistan: US View more... see all opinions Opinion Imtiaz Alam Four years Amir Hussain The secret of prosperity Mushtaq Rajpar Celebrating growth? Shahzad Chaudhry A vision wasted Ozer Khalid Britain votes Danish Khan Demand and supply see all opinions Newspost The Sindh budget A neglected region Energy woes Wake up, KE Plight of fishermen View more... see all opinions Editorial Afghanistan’s blame game Back to the future View more... see all opinions National PTI guillotining PPP in Punjab, bit by bit Muslim voters to play decisive role in 38 UK constituencies Beware of fake messages attributed to ISPR Pakistan to repay another $600m for maturity of Eurobond General elections 2018: ECC approves Rs864m for procuring new printing machines View more... see all opinions World Long battle feared as militants hold on in Philippine city Turkmen leader calls for end to free water, gas and power Venezuela commander urges troops not to hurt protesters Indonesia arrests two suspects over suicide attack Turkey, Iran urged to provide food to Qatar View more... see all opinions Sports Hasan, spinners thwart SA in must-win game ‘Pandya can be India great’ Gilchrist expects Australia pay row to end soon The tragedy of being a Pakistani fan PCB denies launching probe into India loss View more... see all opinions Business FBR collects Rs2.07bln under amnesty scheme for real estate UAE says more Qatar curbs possible, warns against Iran involvement SECP extends PSX bookbuilding by one day for initial public offering SECP notifies draft regulations Asian traders on edge ahead of key global events View more... see all opinions Karachi Question mark on police efficiency as robbers run rampant in Ramazan Rs3bn announced for state-of-the-art cancer treatment facility at JPMC SHC moved against crackdown on social media activists Khowaja-Siyal feud is impeding crime-solving in Sindh CPEC: Work on KCR revival to kick off in December, says Murad View more... see all opinions Lahore PFA softens stance on substandard ghee, oil Digging for water bridge allowed Rain brings relief to heat-stricken Lahorites Outages ordeal Shujaat for improving ties with Afghanistan View more... see all opinions Islamabad Power outages common in Ramazan Measures afoot to bolster polio drive in capital Rendezvous with renowned poet Nusrat Zaidi PM’s Health Programme races towards Mardan PNCA starts preparation for Independence Day celebrations View more... see all opinions Peshawar PHC issues notice to nazim, Cantonment Board CEO Man killed in Loy Shalman firing Protesting doctors assured of arresting accused Education gets Rs127.91b in KP Budget KP ADP pitched at Rs208bn for upcoming fiscal View more... see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
Skip to content Skip to main navigation Editorial NEWS 6 hours ago Senior editorial and video staff finish up at Fairfax as voluntary redundancies continue 7 hours ago Influencers are ‘extra-fraudinary’ and don’t have enough checks and balances on them: Shelly Horton 11 hours ago Bob Mackintosh resurfaces as R/GA’s new VP ECD 12 hours ago Former Ogilvy Brisbane MD Russ Vine helps launch consulting service Spur:Labs 12 hours ago Industry associations branded self-serving social clubs who are ‘peddling crap’ OPINION The TV networks have it wrong. Older eyeballs matter most Cut the bullshit about the death of big ideas and the demise of the creative director SIMON LARCEY The TV industry ain’t out of the woods yet AXEL BRUNS The ABC is not siphoning audiences from Fairfax NICOLAS SUZOR After the ‘Facebook Files’, the social media giant must be more transparent FEATURES 13 hours ago ‘Treat the disease, not the symptoms’: How the industry can get to grips with viewability 14 hours ago Campaign Review: The verdict on Sportsbet, Aldi, Schmackos, and Ben and Jerry’s 2 weeks ago AANA CEO contenders emerge as global hunt for Gloster replacement continues 2 weeks ago Campaign Review: The verdict on HCF, Don Smallgoods, St George Bank and Victorian Government 2 weeks ago How a small soccer club grabbed $250,000 in sponsorships and transformed its fortunes DR MUMBO 4 days ago Redesign my bleep with Todd Sampson 1 week ago Too many guys one girl, the media company edition 1 week ago Too Many Guys One Girl, the AdNews edition 2 weeks ago Psycho killer on the radio 4 weeks ago Today’s not-so exclusive Tom Cruise interview F.Y.I. 15 hours ago Bloomberg Media appoints Andrew Benett as global chief commercial officer 2 days ago AnalogFolk adds 10 staff to team with senior creative, strategy and tech hires 2 days ago Marc Iacono joins GPJ as director of operations 2 days ago Pandora moves into custom events with launch of ‘Sunset Sessions’ 2 days ago Khemistry appoints Mark Gregory as group account director 2 days ago QMS launches two digital billboards in Melbourne’s North 2 days ago NRMA Kennedy Awards renews Hillbrick Bicycles’ sponsorship 2 days ago NOVA Entertainment names winner of podcast award 3 days ago Kicker Communications bolsters senior team with two new hires Events AWARDS June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Awards June 29, 2017 Mumbrella Awards VIEW ALL AWARDS CONFERENCES June 6-8, 2017 Mumbrella360 June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Summit August 10, 2017 Finance Marketing Summit August 23, 2017 Automotive Marketing Summit VIEW ALL CONFERENCES TRAINING TBC Mumbrella Digital School July 26, 2017 Mumbrella Mobile Marketing Masterclass OTHER INDUSTRY EVENTS Jobs More More The Source Business Directory Freelance Directory Company About Mumbrella Advertise Advertise Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Australia Asia Subscribe News Opinion Dr Mumbo F.Y.I. Events Other Industry Events Jobs More About Mumbrella Freelance Directory Business Directory Advertise Subscribe to newsletter News Hearts & Science to open in Australia within ‘three to four months’ June 7, 2017 2:16 by Simon Canning 1 Emerging Omnicom media agency Hearts & Science will open its doors in Australia within the next four months as the group continues its rapid global expansion barely a year after launching in New York. Scott Hagedorn predicts Hearts & Science will open in Australia within four months Global CEO Scott Hagedorn told Mumbrella the agency was now fast tracking its expansion into the local market as it sought a foundation client to help with the launch. After starting up in April last year, Hearts & Science has scaled quickly to open 13 offices with 800 employees and more than $5b in spending. The agency launched on the back of wins of the Procter & Gamble and AT&T business in the US and Hagedorn said Australia was a natural opportunity for the agency. “We launched in Japan with P&G and we are actually looking for the right client,” Hagedorn said. “We are looking for the right clients. We have pitched a few times in New Zealand and I’d say we will be here in three to four months.” He said the launch of the agency in the region would replicate what it had done elsewhere and that there was already scoping for staff underway. “We will probably do very similar to how we have set it up in other markets where we have had Annalect’s leadership assume responsibility for it which is how we set it up in the US,” he said. Annalect is Omnicom’s data and analytics business The agency has been built on the twin proposition of “hearts” where it is working to create more reciprocal relationships with clients while developing “science” through the use of sophisticated data platforms. Hagedorn said the move into Australia was being supported by Omnicom Media Group CEO Peter Horgan. Simon Canning Simon is Mumbrella's marketing and advertising editor. In a career spanning journalism and communications over more than 30 years Simon has become one of Australia’s most respected analysts and commentators on the advertising, marketing and media industries. A regular commentator on radio and TV, Simon has also worked in media in the US and UK . topics Hearts & Science, Omnicom, Scott Hagedorn Share Tweet Share Comments: 1 Add Comment The Accountant 8 Jun 17 Please, these guys are simply a reshash from an existing holding group. Nice name though. Reply Have your say Name Email Address (optional) Website (optional)   ADVERTISEMENT Most Discussed 65 Comments Ratings Game: Guess the ratings for State of Origin and win a Mumbrella Sports Marketing Summit pass 58 Comments What’s going wrong in the world of advertising? 51 Comments Adam Ferrier, Jim Ingram and Ben Couzens launch new agency Thinkerbell 43 Comments Foxtel rebrands and officially launches Foxtel Now after conceding brand was seen as ‘aggressive’ 37 Comments The journey to digital paradise: A little more conversation, a little less rhetoric SUBSCRIBE Sign up to our free daily update to get the latest in media and marketing
Skip to content Skip to main navigation Editorial NEWS 6 hours ago Senior editorial and video staff finish up at Fairfax as voluntary redundancies continue 7 hours ago Influencers are ‘extra-fraudinary’ and don’t have enough checks and balances on them: Shelly Horton 11 hours ago Bob Mackintosh resurfaces as R/GA’s new VP ECD 12 hours ago Former Ogilvy Brisbane MD Russ Vine helps launch consulting service Spur:Labs 12 hours ago Industry associations branded self-serving social clubs who are ‘peddling crap’ OPINION The TV networks have it wrong. Older eyeballs matter most Cut the bullshit about the death of big ideas and the demise of the creative director SIMON LARCEY The TV industry ain’t out of the woods yet AXEL BRUNS The ABC is not siphoning audiences from Fairfax NICOLAS SUZOR After the ‘Facebook Files’, the social media giant must be more transparent FEATURES 13 hours ago ‘Treat the disease, not the symptoms’: How the industry can get to grips with viewability 14 hours ago Campaign Review: The verdict on Sportsbet, Aldi, Schmackos, and Ben and Jerry’s 2 weeks ago AANA CEO contenders emerge as global hunt for Gloster replacement continues 2 weeks ago Campaign Review: The verdict on HCF, Don Smallgoods, St George Bank and Victorian Government 2 weeks ago How a small soccer club grabbed $250,000 in sponsorships and transformed its fortunes DR MUMBO 4 days ago Redesign my bleep with Todd Sampson 1 week ago Too many guys one girl, the media company edition 1 week ago Too Many Guys One Girl, the AdNews edition 2 weeks ago Psycho killer on the radio 4 weeks ago Today’s not-so exclusive Tom Cruise interview F.Y.I. 15 hours ago Bloomberg Media appoints Andrew Benett as global chief commercial officer 2 days ago AnalogFolk adds 10 staff to team with senior creative, strategy and tech hires 2 days ago Marc Iacono joins GPJ as director of operations 2 days ago Pandora moves into custom events with launch of ‘Sunset Sessions’ 2 days ago Khemistry appoints Mark Gregory as group account director 2 days ago QMS launches two digital billboards in Melbourne’s North 2 days ago NRMA Kennedy Awards renews Hillbrick Bicycles’ sponsorship 2 days ago NOVA Entertainment names winner of podcast award 3 days ago Kicker Communications bolsters senior team with two new hires Events AWARDS June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Awards June 29, 2017 Mumbrella Awards VIEW ALL AWARDS CONFERENCES June 6-8, 2017 Mumbrella360 June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Summit August 10, 2017 Finance Marketing Summit August 23, 2017 Automotive Marketing Summit VIEW ALL CONFERENCES TRAINING TBC Mumbrella Digital School July 26, 2017 Mumbrella Mobile Marketing Masterclass OTHER INDUSTRY EVENTS Jobs More More The Source Business Directory Freelance Directory Company About Mumbrella Advertise Advertise Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Australia Asia Subscribe News Opinion Dr Mumbo F.Y.I. Events Other Industry Events Jobs More About Mumbrella Freelance Directory Business Directory Advertise Subscribe to newsletter News The ad industry has ‘poisoned’ programmatic and it needs fixing fast, Scott Hagedorn warns June 7, 2017 11:23 by Simon Canning 0 Adland has poisoned programmatic, destroying its potential to be a huge force in the future of advertising, thanks to a lack of transparency that has left clients with little trust in the industry, the CEO of Hearts & Science has warned. Programmatic has been poisoned by the ad industry, Scott Hagedorn warned. Delivering the opening keynote at Mumbrella360 today, Scott Hagedorn, global CEO of Hearts & Science – which was founded little more than a year ago and immediately captured headlines winning Procter & Gamble and AT&T – warned that the damage had been so great the industry may not get the chance to repair it. “We as an industry have poisoned programmatic,” Hagedorn said. “We told clients oftentimes that it was about real-time trading and there was all these people with hands on keyboards that were doing bidding and going after inventory when in reality it was more of a set it and forget it. We would go in and program a clients’ KPIs into a DSP and we would focus on the buying side of it and then it became increasingly non-transparent. “We actually poisoned probably the best-part about programmatic.” He said advertising technology was becoming the backbone of the industry and and needed to be trusted – “Yet it has still a really big stigma in the industry.” He called on the industry to refocus on “the core of the apple, which is how you create new digital audience currencies”. “How ultimately are we going to get another bite of the apple of programmatic and think about how we re-frame what it really means,” he said. “How do you liberate data and use it in new ways to activate on it? And then the next layer out is how you write business rules to make the internet and marketing behave the way you want it to behave,” he said. “We forgot probably the most important thing, and this is the most unfortunate effect that programmatic has, was we started to divorce advertising from context. Programmatic cut the context off of media.” He also noted that with a lack of transparency there “were entire communities of buyers that had no idea where their ads were being placed”. Hagedorn also warned that the currencies that were being used by agencies and their clients to measure the effectiveness of their strategies were failing and the way forward needed to be built on the application of new measures that captured how people were actually behaving. Hagedorn said that one of the drivers in setting up Hearts & Science was the desire to reset the discussion and regain the trust of clients. “There is a client knee-jerk reaction right now with everything that’s happening in digital to try and go back to the way it was, let’s go back to television – that is a very dangerous line of thinking,” he said. He also warned that current industry measures are missing massive chunks of digital audiences on mobile, with an urgent rethink of metrics needed. As part of its business model Hearts & Science partnered with Newstar and Integral Ad Science to offer its clients new audience currencies that better reflected the real world. The agency’s own research, he said, had found a disturbing gap in what was being measured – what he has dubbed “The Unreachables”. “What we have found is that 40% of all the impressions right now are not measured by syndicated research sources.” As part of the study the agency is undertaking into The Unreachables, Hearts & Science is considering digital efficacy and the need to consider the environment in which ads were appearing. The gap was discovered by an agency strategist who highlighted that all the syndicated research failed to capture the media behaviour of her and her friends at all. “So 40%-50% of the time we think the data on how people are actually consuming content does not live in the syndicated data sets that we give our teams to use to plan,” Hagedorn said. “Why that’s dangerous is those syndicated data sets will lead you right back into television again because they can’t accurately right now measure mobile.” He said currently agencies had to use gut feel to re-calibrate mobile recommendations for clients because the data did not exist as they tried to capture The Unreachables.   “At a broader level right now what I’m considering is ‘What’s the real effect of digital? Do we need different types of metrics? Do we need to look at it maybe a little bit differently?’ “Some of the platforms – I don’t want to blast all of the platforms – but some of the areas we need to consider what role it really plays in the overall purchase cycle. “Please don’t coin negative brand equity as something that I said, but I worry in some instances on digital platforms that that could actually be true.” With brand safety now paramount in the minds of advertisers he said that clients needed to consider where they wanted their brands to reside, not agencies, saying it was like putting a sign in someone’s front yard, but ignoring what might be happening in the house. “You can’t put that sign in their yard saying buy your products if you’re not comfortable with what happens inside their house,” he said. Simon Canning Simon is Mumbrella's marketing and advertising editor. In a career spanning journalism and communications over more than 30 years Simon has become one of Australia’s most respected analysts and commentators on the advertising, marketing and media industries. A regular commentator on radio and TV, Simon has also worked in media in the US and UK . topics Share Tweet Share Have your say Name Email Address (optional) Website (optional)   ADVERTISEMENT Most Discussed 65 Comments Ratings Game: Guess the ratings for State of Origin and win a Mumbrella Sports Marketing Summit pass 58 Comments What’s going wrong in the world of advertising? 51 Comments Adam Ferrier, Jim Ingram and Ben Couzens launch new agency Thinkerbell 43 Comments Foxtel rebrands and officially launches Foxtel Now after conceding brand was seen as ‘aggressive’ 37 Comments The journey to digital paradise: A little more conversation, a little less rhetoric SUBSCRIBE Sign up to our free daily update to get the latest in media and marketing
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Are the NewFronts Pointless? The NewFronts imitate TV’s annual upfronts marketplace, but digital video still isn’t bought the way TV is. Why are we doing this? Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Don't Miss TV Upfronts Video Cannes Lions Women to Watch A.I. Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search 'Still In': Marketers Stand By Climate Pact After Trump Drops Out By Jessica Wohl - 1 minute ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Cheerios, Old Spice, VW and More 56 minutes ago Array 0 Uber Fires More Than 20 Employees in Harassment Probe 1 hour ago Array 0 AB InBev Buys Stakes in Craft Beer Sites, Provoking a Backlash By E.J. Schultz - 1 hour ago Array 0 Macy's Unveils Marketing Strategy Under New CMO By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 hours ago Array 0 AB InBev Buys Stakes in Craft Beer Sites, Provoking a Backlash By E.J. Schultz - 1 hour ago 0 Is It Time for 'Fox & Friends' to Rebrand Itself as 'Fox & Our Friend Donald'? By Simon Dumenco - 5 hours ago 0 Equinox 'Expands' the Definition of 'LGBTQA' With This Artsy Dance Film (and 20 More Letters) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 In a World Where Everything is Digital, the Word Loses Meaning By Megan Graham - Yesterday 0 Google's Unilateral Ad Filter Sets Off Some Alarms By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. 'Still In': Marketers Stand By Climate Pact After Trump Drops Out By Jessica Wohl. Published on June 06, 2017. Most Popular Several leading U.S. marketers, along with government leaders representing millions of Americans, are standing by the Paris Agreement after President Donald Trump pulled the United States out of the climate pact. Some executives have spoken out against the president's decision to remove the United States from the agreement, which aims to push the world to combat climate change. Now, a coalition of businesses has signed onto "We Are Still In," a movement in which numerous state and municipal government officials, colleges and universities, and companies say they will keep supporting actions to meet the Paris Agreement. Many of those who joined already promoted their own sustainability plans, including targets such as using more renewable energy and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The wide-ranging coalition announced Monday is the first major coordinated effort signaling disagreement with the president's decision about leaving the Paris pact since Thursday's announcement. "In the U.S., it is local and state governments, along with businesses, that are primarily responsible for the dramatic decrease in greenhouse gas emissions in recent years. Actions by each group will multiply and accelerate in the years ahead, no matter what policies Washington may adopt," the group said in a June 5 letter. Tim Cook, Jeff Bezos and Mark Zuckerberg Credit: Apple, Amazon and Facebook More than 1,000 companies and investment groups are part of the pact so far, from Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Gap, and Google, to Microsoft, Nestlé U.S., Nike, Target, and Twitter. Major marketers including Procter & Gamble Co., the world's largest advertiser, were absent from the list as of Tuesday afternoon. So were many major U.S. automakers, though Tesla and Volvo Group North America signed on. VF Corp., the company behind brands including The North Face and Timberland, is a vocal proponent of the organized effort. CEO Steve Rendle said VF is "deeply disappointed" Trump pulled out and wants to be clear with potential shoppers it is doing its part on environmental matters. "Many ads reflect the excitement and value of the great outdoors. That will continue to be the case," VF VP of Corporate Relations Scott Deitz said in a statement. "At other times we partner with like-minded organizations to use helpful media channels, including paid and earned media, in telling the broader climate-change story." VF is asking staff to take their own steps to reduce their carbon footprint. While not directly pushing consumers to do the same, its efforts could stand out to potential shoppers. "Consumers each and every day make decisions about what they support and what they don't support by how they spend their money and which brands they support," Deitz said on a call with reporters coordinated by Climate Nexus. Another company speaking up is Nestlé USA, which mentioned We Are Still In on Twitter. Chairman and CEO Paul Grimwood noted in a LinkedIn post that Nestlé USA recently outlined its climate work and goals. "Those ambitions have not changed," he wrote. Nestlé USA said it is not planning any paid promotion of its involvement, "beyond our normal cycle for all of our digital content." A message from our CEO Paul Grimwood on our continued investment in climate action: https://t.co/snGvs6ncwh #WeAreStillIn pic.twitter.com/sN2YJIt0Ws — Nestlé US (@NestleUSA) June 6, 2017 While the coalition said it had grown rapidly since its inception, some major marketers appear to be sticking to their own messages. Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co. CEO Robert Iger each left the president's advisory council last week following Trump's decision. While Tesla signed on, Disney did not appear to be part of the group as of Tuesday. Neither was the world's biggest retailer, Walmart. "We are disappointed by that decision, and the administration is aware of that," Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said during a Friday press conference after the retailer's shareholders' meeting. McMillon said Walmart would continue to do its own work on taking carbon out of its supply chain. But he said he's not leaving Trump's Business Advisory Council over the issue. "I'd like to participate" on the forum, he said. "There will be other issues that come up. I didn't expect going into that everything we wanted to happen would happen in every case." Even before Trump's move to exit the accord, business leaders voiced their concerns. P&G CEO David Taylor was one of the CEOs who signed an open letter to Trump in May voicing "strong support" for the United States staying in the Paris Agreement, which ran as a Wall Street Journal ad. "P&G remains committed to our sustainability vision and goals and to fully integrating sound environmental stewardship into our business practices and operations," the company said in a statement. P&G is not listed as a We Are Still In member. We Are Still In has a long list of coordinating groups: The American Sustainable Business Council, B Team, Bloomberg Philanthropies, Center for American Progress, Ceres, CDP, Climate Mayors, Climate Nexus, C40, C2ES, Environmental Defense Fund, Environmental Entrepreneurs, Georgetown Climate Center, ICLEI, National League of Cities, Rocky Mountain Institute, Second Nature, Sierra Club, The Climate Group, We Mean Business, and World Wildlife Fund. In this article: Automotive CMO Strategy Packaged Food Politics Print Retail Social Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion Last Modified: Tue, Jun 06 2017. 12 52 PM IST Google wants to block ads to save them Starting next year, its Google’s Chrome web browser will block all ads — including those bought through Google — on websites that don’t follow guidelines set by an industry group Subscribe to our newsletter. Leonid Bershidsky Google controls more than 40% of the US digital ad market. Photo: Reuters Google, which controls more than 40% of the US digital ad market, has decided to teach the world which ads are acceptable and which aren’t. Starting next year, its Chrome web browser will block all ads — including those bought through Google — on websites that don’t follow guidelines set by an industry group. This monopolistic move is meant to save the digital ad industry from itself. It would also have the side effects of making Google’s business model more sustainable. Sridhar Ramaswamy, Google’s senior vice-president for ads and commerce, delivered the warning to website owners in a recent blog post. Chrome, he wrote, won’t show any advertising on sites that try to run ads that are designated as annoying by the Coalition for Better Ads, a group that, apart from Google, includes the second digital ad powerhouse — Facebook, as well as content creators such as News Corp. and The Washington Post and major advertisers such as Procter & Gamble. The group has researched user experiences and concluded that internet users hate pop-up ads, self-launching videos with sound, countdown ads that make one wait before a page loads, and large sticky ads that don’t go away as you scroll. Google is not the first browser maker to build in ad blocking functionality. Last year, Norway-based Opera Software did so, saying it wanted to motivate the industry to stop annoying viewers and increasing website load times. Like Google, Opera also declared it supported lighter ad formats, but didn’t pick and choose websites on which to filter out advertising. Now, about a third of Opera users have turned on the blocking feature. But there are too few of them to count: Opera commands a 3.5% global market share. Chrome, with 54%, dwarfs all other players, and its threat to stop showing ads on certain sites is essentially an order to change or die. It’s not a nice move. Many will see it as a power grab aimed at weakening other players, who are already losing share to Google and Facebook. Content creators could point out that the two giants sell some of the most irritating ad formats, but the Coalition for Better Ads has no problem with them. Instead, it’s helping Google wage war on the formats that bring in the most revenue for publishers. So why would Google expose itself to new accusations of abusing its monopoly position, especially given that its business keeps growing and so does the global digital ad market, which is expected to reach $223.7 billion this year and continue to make double-digit leaps until at least 2020? Google founders and executives have built such a powerful company because they have never allowed themselves to get stuck in the present or the near future. And the medium term looks troubling for the digital ad industry because of the quickly growing use of ad blockers. On desktop computers, the use of such software is increasing while web traffic from them is going down. But that’s not what should worry Google, whose strategy is based on mobile dominance; on mobile devices, the use of ad blockers is rocketing. In 2016, Google’s ad sales increased about 18%. The number of mobile devices that use an ad blocker grew 38% (to 380 million), according to PageFair. Much of that growth is in Asia, one of the most promising regions for advertisers. Increasingly, Google and other companies exploiting advertising-based business models are facing a world in which ads are sold, providing a robust revenue stream, but people find ways to opt out of looking at them. That gives fraud — primarily the practice of “showing” ads to bots rather than real people — an increasing weight in the industry’s total revenues. Google needs to get real people to keep looking at ads, and it appears to believe that making other people’s ads less intrusive is the way toward that goal. I doubt it’s going to solve the problem, mainly because the guidelines are written in a way that ensures that viewers will continue to see annoying ads from Google and Facebook — if not from many other sites. Google appears to believe that the digital ad market’s fundamental contradiction between people’s desire for free content and their annoyance with ads is a matter of balance. That belief is apparently shared by some content producers: A few of them have signed up for Google’s relaunched Contributor program, which allows sites to charge a small fee — usually $0.01 per page — to show a visitor no ads at all. But the program did badly before the relaunch, and very few content sites have signed up for it now. To most readers, paying to see no ads is essentially like paying protection money — something to be avoided with the help of a comprehensive ad blocker, not a pro-Google, pro-Facebook one. Content creators, like any other manufacturers, are on shaky ground when people can consume their product free of charge. A strong paid subscription base is the only good insurance against a future digital advertising crisis, which Google is trying to stave off with its attempt to join a trend it can’t beat. Bloomberg Leonid Bershidsky Topics: Google digital ads digital ad revenue Chrome Coalition for Better Ads More From Livemint READ MORE Hyderabad to Pochampally: The Ikat getaway Gorkha Janmukti Morcha protests engulf Darjeeling, police attacked, cars vandalized Maruti Manesar violence case: Haryana govt to challenge acquittal of 117 former workers First Published: Tue, Jun 06 2017. 10 37 AM IST Editor's Picks Infosys drops $20 billion revenue target, forms advisory panel for CEO Vishal Sikka Home loans set to get cheaper as RBI eases norms for banks IIT Delhi among three Indian institutes on global top 200 list Latest News Gorkha Janmukti Morcha protests engulf Darjeeling, police attacked, cars vandalized Maruti Manesar violence case: Haryana govt to challenge acquittal of 117 former workers JEE Advanced result 2017 to be declared on Sunday 11 June at jeeadv.ac.in NEET 2017 results likely to be declared by CBSE after 13 June Madhya Pradesh farmers’ stir: Govt ready for talks, says Shivraj Singh Chouhan Mint On Sunday The best food of Delhi’s state bhawans When parents step in to run schools The defenders of the skies of Roland Garros Beneath the beauty, Mauritius is an archive of human struggle and triumph The elusiveness of silence Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
null
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by DecisionDatabases Global Body Lotion Market 2017 explores Unilever PLC, L’Oréal S.A., Procter & Gamble Co., Johnson & Johnson, Shiseido Company Body Lotion Market Report offered by DecisionDatabases.com gives a market overview of the Body Lotion industry which covers product scope, market revenue, opportunities, growth rate, sales volumes and figures. The report also explores the worldwide players of the market and is segmented by region, type and application with forecast to 2022. Many Lotion products have Moisturizer functions, combined together, one common skin care product, Decontamination and water supplement. This report studies the Lotion & Moisturizer market, by type (Dry Skin, Oily Skin and Normal Skin, others), by applications (Men Using Women Using and Baby Using). This report focuses on the Body Lotion in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application.  Browse the complete report and table of contents @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/17619-body-lotion-market-analysis-report Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Unilever PLC, L’Oréal S.A., Procter & Gamble Co., Johnson & Johnson, Shiseido Company, Beiersdorf AG, Avon Products Inc., Clarins, Kao Corporation, Amore Pacific Group, The Estee Lauder Companies Inc., Cavinkare, Cetaphil, Hain Celestial Group Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.), Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers Dry Skin Body Lotion, Oily Skin Body Lotion, Normal Skin Body Lotion, Others Download Free Sample Report of Global Body Lotion Market @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-17619 There are 15 Chapters to deeply display the global Body Lotion market. Chapter 1, to describe Body Lotion Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Body Lotion, with sales, revenue, and price of Body Lotion, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Body Lotion, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Body Lotion market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Body Lotion sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source. Purchase the complete Global Body Lotion Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-17619 Other Reports by DecisionDatabases.com: Europe Professional Skincare Products Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/15697-europe-professional-skincare-products-market-analysis-report About-Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesBody Lotion Industry Report, Body Lotion Market, Body Lotion Market Analysis, Body Lotion Market Growth, Body Lotion Market Outlook, Body Lotion Market Report, Body Lotion Market Trends, Global Body Lotion Industry Report, Google News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Chemical and Advanced Materials, Chemicals, Consumer Goods, Cosmetic, health-care services, Healthcare, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Agricultural Robots Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 17.99% During the Period 2017-2021 Next PostNext Ethylbenzene market report – Globally growing at 4.42% CAGR With Key Players Synthos S.A., Total, Versalis Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report GSFC biggest loser on BSE's 'A' group Business Standard More than two losers for every gainer on BSE Capital Market  June 6, 2017 Last Updated at 14:14 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRDW0 ALSO READ Pharma stocks recover from previous session's slide Pharma stocks gain Pharma stocks buck weak trend Strong market breadth IT, pharma stocks witness mixed trend Key indices languished in the negative terrain in mid-afternoon trade as weakness in global stocks weighed on sentiment. At 14:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 104.23 points or 0.3% at 31,216.22. The Nifty 50 index declined 29.55 points or 0.31% at 9,645.55. Earlier, both the Sensex, and the Nifty, had hit record high in early trade. FMCG and pharma stocks declined. After the last two-day gains, key indices witnessed a gap-up opening and hit scale fresh record highs at the onset of the session. The market soon slipped into the red in early trade only to regain positive terrain in morning trade. Indices extended losses weighed by subdued global stocks after once again slipping into the red in mid-morning trade. The S&P BSE Mid-Cap index fell 0.37%. The S&P BSE Small-Cap index declined 0.62%. The decline in both the indices was higher than the Sensex's fall in percentage terms. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than two losers for every gainer on the BSE. 1,765 shares fell and 804 shares rose. A total of 148 shares were unchanged. FMCG stocks declined on profit booking. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.97%), Marico (down 1.2%), Britannia Industries (down 1.1%), Hindustan Unilever (HUL) (down 0.56%), Dabur India (down 1.28%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.64%), Nestle India (down 1.35%), and Bajaj Corp (down 2.57%) declined. Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 0.09%), Colgate Palmolive India (up 0.58%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.44%), and Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.85%) rose. The S&P BSE Sensex declined 1.47%, underperforming the Sensex. The index snapped four-day gains on profit booking. Pharma stocks also declined. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (down 0.05%), Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.53%), Cipla (down 0.73%), Lupin (down 0.4%), Wockhardt (down 2.14%), and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (down 0.82%) declined. The S&P BSE Healthcare index was down 0.11%, outperforming the Sensex. Dr Reddy's Laboratories rose 0.32% after the company announced the launch of Bivalirudin for injection, 250 mg/vial, a therapeutic equivalent generic version of Anglomax (Bivalirudin) for injection in the US market. The announcement was made during market hours today, 6 June 2017. Anglomax brand and generic had annual US sales of around $198 million MAT for the most recent twelve months ending in March 2017, according to IMS Health. Cadila Healthcare rose 0.69% after the company said that its formulations manufacturing facility at Baddi in Himachal Pradesh has received an Establishment Inspection Report (EIR) from the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA). This receipt of EIR indicates the successful closure of the inspection points (483s) raised based on the inspection carried out between 21 February 2017 to 1 March 2017. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 5 June 2017. Overseas, European stocks edged lower amid geopolitical worries. Investors took a cautious approach ahead of a general election in the UK and a European Central Bank (ECB) meeting. Most Asian stocks dropped following the lower close on Wall Street yesterday, 5 June 2017, and as markets digested the impact of diplomatic tensions between Qatar and other Middle Eastern nations. South Korean markets are closed for Memorial Day. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain, and the United Arab Emirates all severed diplomatic ties with Doha, accusing it of meddling in their internal affairs and backing terrorism, which the country denies. Stocks in the US closed the session lower yesterday, 5 June 2017 after hitting record highs before the weekend as investors grapple with a variety of geopolitical issues, both domestic and abroad. On the data front, the latest read on US first-quarter output was raised to 1.7% from 1%, while a read on productivity was raised from a -0.6% read to an unchanged level. The Institute for Supply Management's index on the services sector fell 0.6 points in May, though it remains in solidly positive territory. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Nifty | Sensex | Bse | Aurobindo Pharma | Glenmark Pharma | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance More than two losers for every gainer on BSE Key indices languished in the negative terrain in mid-afternoon trade as weakness in global stocks weighed on sentiment. At 14:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 104.23 points or 0.3% at 31,216.22. The Nifty 50 index declined 29.55 points or 0.31% at 9,645.55. Earlier, both the Sensex, and the Nifty, had hit record high in early trade. FMCG and pharma stocks declined. Key indices languished in the negative terrain in mid-afternoon trade as weakness in global stocks weighed on sentiment. At 14:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 104.23 points or 0.3% at 31,216.22. The Nifty 50 index declined 29.55 points or 0.31% at 9,645.55. Earlier, both the Sensex, and the Nifty, had hit record high in early trade. FMCG and pharma stocks declined. After the last two-day gains, key indices witnessed a gap-up opening and hit scale fresh record highs at the onset of the session. The market soon slipped into the red in early trade only to regain positive terrain in morning trade. Indices extended losses weighed by subdued global stocks after once again slipping into the red in mid-morning trade. The S&P BSE Mid-Cap index fell 0.37%. The S&P BSE Small-Cap index declined 0.62%. The decline in both the indices was higher than the Sensex's fall in percentage terms. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than two losers for every gainer on the BSE. 1,765 shares fell and 804 shares rose. A total of 148 shares were unchanged. FMCG stocks declined on profit booking. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.97%), Marico (down 1.2%), Britannia Industries (down 1.1%), Hindustan Unilever (HUL) (down 0.56%), Dabur India (down 1.28%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.64%), Nestle India (down 1.35%), and Bajaj Corp (down 2.57%) declined. Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 0.09%), Colgate Palmolive India (up 0.58%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.44%), and Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.85%) rose. The S&P BSE Sensex declined 1.47%, underperforming the Sensex. The index snapped four-day gains on profit booking. Pharma stocks also declined. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (down 0.05%), Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.53%), Cipla (down 0.73%), Lupin (down 0.4%), Wockhardt (down 2.14%), and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (down 0.82%) declined. The S&P BSE Healthcare index was down 0.11%, outperforming the Sensex. Dr Reddy's Laboratories rose 0.32% after the company announced the launch of Bivalirudin for injection, 250 mg/vial, a therapeutic equivalent generic version of Anglomax (Bivalirudin) for injection in the US market. The announcement was made during market hours today, 6 June 2017. Anglomax brand and generic had annual US sales of around $198 million MAT for the most recent twelve months ending in March 2017, according to IMS Health. Cadila Healthcare rose 0.69% after the company said that its formulations manufacturing facility at Baddi in Himachal Pradesh has received an Establishment Inspection Report (EIR) from the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA). This receipt of EIR indicates the successful closure of the inspection points (483s) raised based on the inspection carried out between 21 February 2017 to 1 March 2017. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 5 June 2017. Overseas, European stocks edged lower amid geopolitical worries. Investors took a cautious approach ahead of a general election in the UK and a European Central Bank (ECB) meeting. Most Asian stocks dropped following the lower close on Wall Street yesterday, 5 June 2017, and as markets digested the impact of diplomatic tensions between Qatar and other Middle Eastern nations. South Korean markets are closed for Memorial Day. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain, and the United Arab Emirates all severed diplomatic ties with Doha, accusing it of meddling in their internal affairs and backing terrorism, which the country denies. Stocks in the US closed the session lower yesterday, 5 June 2017 after hitting record highs before the weekend as investors grapple with a variety of geopolitical issues, both domestic and abroad. On the data front, the latest read on US first-quarter output was raised to 1.7% from 1%, while a read on productivity was raised from a -0.6% read to an unchanged level. The Institute for Supply Management's index on the services sector fell 0.6 points in May, though it remains in solidly positive territory. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 More than two losers for every gainer on BSE Key indices languished in the negative terrain in mid-afternoon trade as weakness in global stocks weighed on sentiment. At 14:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 104.23 points or 0.3% at 31,216.22. The Nifty 50 index declined 29.55 points or 0.31% at 9,645.55. Earlier, both the Sensex, and the Nifty, had hit record high in early trade. FMCG and pharma stocks declined. After the last two-day gains, key indices witnessed a gap-up opening and hit scale fresh record highs at the onset of the session. The market soon slipped into the red in early trade only to regain positive terrain in morning trade. Indices extended losses weighed by subdued global stocks after once again slipping into the red in mid-morning trade. The S&P BSE Mid-Cap index fell 0.37%. The S&P BSE Small-Cap index declined 0.62%. The decline in both the indices was higher than the Sensex's fall in percentage terms. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than two losers for every gainer on the BSE. 1,765 shares fell and 804 shares rose. A total of 148 shares were unchanged. FMCG stocks declined on profit booking. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.97%), Marico (down 1.2%), Britannia Industries (down 1.1%), Hindustan Unilever (HUL) (down 0.56%), Dabur India (down 1.28%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.64%), Nestle India (down 1.35%), and Bajaj Corp (down 2.57%) declined. Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 0.09%), Colgate Palmolive India (up 0.58%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.44%), and Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.85%) rose. The S&P BSE Sensex declined 1.47%, underperforming the Sensex. The index snapped four-day gains on profit booking. Pharma stocks also declined. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (down 0.05%), Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.53%), Cipla (down 0.73%), Lupin (down 0.4%), Wockhardt (down 2.14%), and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (down 0.82%) declined. The S&P BSE Healthcare index was down 0.11%, outperforming the Sensex. Dr Reddy's Laboratories rose 0.32% after the company announced the launch of Bivalirudin for injection, 250 mg/vial, a therapeutic equivalent generic version of Anglomax (Bivalirudin) for injection in the US market. The announcement was made during market hours today, 6 June 2017. Anglomax brand and generic had annual US sales of around $198 million MAT for the most recent twelve months ending in March 2017, according to IMS Health. Cadila Healthcare rose 0.69% after the company said that its formulations manufacturing facility at Baddi in Himachal Pradesh has received an Establishment Inspection Report (EIR) from the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA). This receipt of EIR indicates the successful closure of the inspection points (483s) raised based on the inspection carried out between 21 February 2017 to 1 March 2017. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 5 June 2017. Overseas, European stocks edged lower amid geopolitical worries. Investors took a cautious approach ahead of a general election in the UK and a European Central Bank (ECB) meeting. Most Asian stocks dropped following the lower close on Wall Street yesterday, 5 June 2017, and as markets digested the impact of diplomatic tensions between Qatar and other Middle Eastern nations. South Korean markets are closed for Memorial Day. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain, and the United Arab Emirates all severed diplomatic ties with Doha, accusing it of meddling in their internal affairs and backing terrorism, which the country denies. Stocks in the US closed the session lower yesterday, 5 June 2017 after hitting record highs before the weekend as investors grapple with a variety of geopolitical issues, both domestic and abroad. On the data front, the latest read on US first-quarter output was raised to 1.7% from 1%, while a read on productivity was raised from a -0.6% read to an unchanged level. The Institute for Supply Management's index on the services sector fell 0.6 points in May, though it remains in solidly positive territory. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Latest News Dow 21,157 -16.50 -0.08% Nasdaq 6,284 -13.18 -0.21% S&P 500 2,429 -3.65 -0.15% 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:48 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Farmers are hoping you’ll wear soybean pants By Benjamin Parkin Published: June 6, 2017 10:55 a.m. ET Share From sneakers to seat cushions: the hunt for alternative uses for surplus grains Getty Images A model displays clothes made from a corn-based polyester. By BenjaminParkin Facing overstuffed silos and forecasts for another huge harvest this year, U.S. farmers are trying to find new uses for their corn and soybeans. Robust demand for processed foods, animal feed and biofuels isn’t keeping up with a record glut of crops in the U.S. and around the world, after several years of bumper harvests and largely benevolent weather. To sell the surplus, farmers and trade groups are wooing new customers, from car makers to toy companies. In recent years, corn and soybeans have been added to the recipes for Ford Motor Co. F, -1.17% seat cushions, IKEA mattresses, Danone SA’s DANOY, -0.60% yogurt cups and Procter & Gamble Co.’s PG, -0.28% Olay moisturizers. Adidas AG’s Reebok brand recently unveiled sneakers made with corn. Lego A/S earlier this year said it was toying with using grain-based materials to mold its famous bricks. Industry groups also are calling for more research into new ways that the crops could replace petroleum as a raw material in industrial and construction applications. “We’re sitting on a pretty good surplus,” says Paul Bertels, vice president of the National Corn Growers Association, which recently called for more research to put corn in more products. “We stepped back and said, ‘We need to find new uses.’ ” Also see: The more family members the merrier, many luxury buyers say U.S. corn and soybean stockpiles swelled to a combined 10.35 billion bushels in the first quarter of 2017, a record. Soybean futures have fallen more than 10% at the Chicago Board of Trade since mid-January. Corn prices are also under pressure. Analysts expect big harvests in South America to increase the global glut, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in March that U.S. farmers also are expecting record acreage of soybeans this year. Getty Images A 3D drawing pen uses PLA, a corn-based plastic material. The PLA gets pushed through the tip of the pen so that it comes out melted and then cools so the user can draw 3D objects with no computer or software. The hunt for alternative uses for grains and oilseeds isn’t new. NatureWorks LLC, the world’s first and largest maker of a bioplastic called PLA, started in 1989 as a Cargill research project. But the multiyear glut, which has pushed many farmers deeper into debt and some out of business, is adding urgency to that work. Argo Genesis Chemical LLC of Illinois recently developed its own highly flexible, soy-made plastics for use in products like road-paving materials, cardboard and diapers adhesives. The company says such compounds can help shield manufacturers from volatile oil prices. “Long term, we see this being the way the plastics industry moves,” says Steve Davies, spokesman for NatureWorks. “There’s tremendous potential to grow.” Ford Several Ford models use seat cushions made from soybeans. For consumers of these new products, the use of corn and soybeans could be a positive. Many consumers are willing to pay a premium for sustainability. Switching to raw materials that can be grown year after year allows companies to tout their “green” credentials, though researchers are divided over the overall environmental impact. Still, these new uses account for only a fraction of the output in an industry geared toward cranking out billions of bushels a year for animal feed, alcohol and food. Some 96% of global agricultural land is used to produce food, feed and pastures, according to trade association European Bioplastics. Crops for bioplastics took up just 0.01% in 2014; rubber and cotton plants along with crops for biofuel made up much of the remainder. “Those fringe uses of corn are so specialized that they’re interesting, but really people are looking for uses that develop 5 billion bushels of demand,” said Tomm Pfitzenmaier, a founding partner at Summit Commodity Brokerage in Des Moines, Iowa. “That’s where the big swing could come.” But boosters see room for rapid growth, and point to ethanol’s trajectory in the U.S. as an example. Less than 1% of U.S. corn was used as ethanol in the 1980-81 crop year, according to the Agriculture Department. In 2015-16, 5.2 billion bushels, or 38%, of the U.S. crop became biofuel. Some food-security groups say redirecting grain and soybeans toward factories takes away land that will be needed to feed a growing global population. Others say the added value from such alternative uses won’t trickle down to the farmers themselves, since they aren’t the ones processing the grains into these higher-priced products. “A lot of these folks are going to continue to be caught in the system where they’re getting a tiny fraction of what the final product brings to the processors,” says Greg Fogel, policy director at the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition. “That’s not going to solve the problems that currently exist with the rural farm economy.” John Motter, an Ohio farmer and chairman of the United Soybean Board, says that for now U.S. farmers need all the buyers they can find. “Farmers are businessmen. We all take a longer view,” he says, proudly pointing out that the seats in his 2013 Ford F-250 pickup truck are made from oilseed foam. That’s the kind of business opportunity farmers want U.S. companies to see in their fields. “Ford isn’t running soy in their seats because they think it’s a neat thing to do,” says Keith Cockerline, director of industrial uses at the United Soybean Board. “It’s because they’re making money at it.” Benjamin Parkin is a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in Chicago. Email him at benjamin.parkin@wsj.com. The article “Sneakers Made from Corn? Seat Cushions From Soybeans?” first appeared in The Wall Street Journal. More from MarketWatch This is how many drinks a week is bad for your brain This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Quote References F -0.13 -1.17% DANOY -0.09 -0.60% PG -0.25 -0.28% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $10.94 -0.13 (-1.17%) Volume 5.3M Open $10.94 High $11.01 Low $10.91 P/E Ratio 11.72 Div Yield 5.47 Market Cap 44.1B Danone S.A. ADR U.S.: OTC: DANOY $15.02 -0.09 (-0.60%) Volume 17208 Open $15.03 High $15.04 Low $15.02 P/E Ratio 24.38 Div Yield 2.54 Market Cap 50.7B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $88.52 -0.25 (-0.28%) Volume 551.8K Open $88.58 High $88.80 Low $88.42 P/E Ratio 25.24 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 227.0B
Latest News Dow 21,157 -16.58 -0.08% Nasdaq 6,284 -13.59 -0.22% S&P 500 2,429 -3.67 -0.15% 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:48 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Farmers are hoping you’ll wear soybean pants By Benjamin Parkin Published: June 6, 2017 10:55 a.m. ET Share From sneakers to seat cushions: the hunt for alternative uses for surplus grains Getty Images A model displays clothes made from a corn-based polyester. By BenjaminParkin Facing overstuffed silos and forecasts for another huge harvest this year, U.S. farmers are trying to find new uses for their corn and soybeans. Robust demand for processed foods, animal feed and biofuels isn’t keeping up with a record glut of crops in the U.S. and around the world, after several years of bumper harvests and largely benevolent weather. To sell the surplus, farmers and trade groups are wooing new customers, from car makers to toy companies. In recent years, corn and soybeans have been added to the recipes for Ford Motor Co. F, -1.13% seat cushions, IKEA mattresses, Danone SA’s DANOY, -0.60% yogurt cups and Procter & Gamble Co.’s PG, -0.28% Olay moisturizers. Adidas AG’s Reebok brand recently unveiled sneakers made with corn. Lego A/S earlier this year said it was toying with using grain-based materials to mold its famous bricks. Industry groups also are calling for more research into new ways that the crops could replace petroleum as a raw material in industrial and construction applications. “We’re sitting on a pretty good surplus,” says Paul Bertels, vice president of the National Corn Growers Association, which recently called for more research to put corn in more products. “We stepped back and said, ‘We need to find new uses.’ ” Also see: The more family members the merrier, many luxury buyers say U.S. corn and soybean stockpiles swelled to a combined 10.35 billion bushels in the first quarter of 2017, a record. Soybean futures have fallen more than 10% at the Chicago Board of Trade since mid-January. Corn prices are also under pressure. Analysts expect big harvests in South America to increase the global glut, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in March that U.S. farmers also are expecting record acreage of soybeans this year. Getty Images A 3D drawing pen uses PLA, a corn-based plastic material. The PLA gets pushed through the tip of the pen so that it comes out melted and then cools so the user can draw 3D objects with no computer or software. The hunt for alternative uses for grains and oilseeds isn’t new. NatureWorks LLC, the world’s first and largest maker of a bioplastic called PLA, started in 1989 as a Cargill research project. But the multiyear glut, which has pushed many farmers deeper into debt and some out of business, is adding urgency to that work. Argo Genesis Chemical LLC of Illinois recently developed its own highly flexible, soy-made plastics for use in products like road-paving materials, cardboard and diapers adhesives. The company says such compounds can help shield manufacturers from volatile oil prices. “Long term, we see this being the way the plastics industry moves,” says Steve Davies, spokesman for NatureWorks. “There’s tremendous potential to grow.” Ford Several Ford models use seat cushions made from soybeans. For consumers of these new products, the use of corn and soybeans could be a positive. Many consumers are willing to pay a premium for sustainability. Switching to raw materials that can be grown year after year allows companies to tout their “green” credentials, though researchers are divided over the overall environmental impact. Still, these new uses account for only a fraction of the output in an industry geared toward cranking out billions of bushels a year for animal feed, alcohol and food. Some 96% of global agricultural land is used to produce food, feed and pastures, according to trade association European Bioplastics. Crops for bioplastics took up just 0.01% in 2014; rubber and cotton plants along with crops for biofuel made up much of the remainder. “Those fringe uses of corn are so specialized that they’re interesting, but really people are looking for uses that develop 5 billion bushels of demand,” said Tomm Pfitzenmaier, a founding partner at Summit Commodity Brokerage in Des Moines, Iowa. “That’s where the big swing could come.” But boosters see room for rapid growth, and point to ethanol’s trajectory in the U.S. as an example. Less than 1% of U.S. corn was used as ethanol in the 1980-81 crop year, according to the Agriculture Department. In 2015-16, 5.2 billion bushels, or 38%, of the U.S. crop became biofuel. Some food-security groups say redirecting grain and soybeans toward factories takes away land that will be needed to feed a growing global population. Others say the added value from such alternative uses won’t trickle down to the farmers themselves, since they aren’t the ones processing the grains into these higher-priced products. “A lot of these folks are going to continue to be caught in the system where they’re getting a tiny fraction of what the final product brings to the processors,” says Greg Fogel, policy director at the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition. “That’s not going to solve the problems that currently exist with the rural farm economy.” John Motter, an Ohio farmer and chairman of the United Soybean Board, says that for now U.S. farmers need all the buyers they can find. “Farmers are businessmen. We all take a longer view,” he says, proudly pointing out that the seats in his 2013 Ford F-250 pickup truck are made from oilseed foam. That’s the kind of business opportunity farmers want U.S. companies to see in their fields. “Ford isn’t running soy in their seats because they think it’s a neat thing to do,” says Keith Cockerline, director of industrial uses at the United Soybean Board. “It’s because they’re making money at it.” Benjamin Parkin is a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in Chicago. Email him at benjamin.parkin@wsj.com. The article “Sneakers Made from Corn? Seat Cushions From Soybeans?” first appeared in The Wall Street Journal. More from MarketWatch This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination U.K. election: The worst, best and most likely scenarios for stocks worldwide Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Quote References F -0.12 -1.13% DANOY -0.09 -0.60% PG -0.25 -0.28% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $10.95 -0.12 (-1.13%) Volume 5.3M Open $10.94 High $11.01 Low $10.91 P/E Ratio 11.72 Div Yield 5.47 Market Cap 44.1B Danone S.A. ADR U.S.: OTC: DANOY $15.02 -0.09 (-0.60%) Volume 17208 Open $15.03 High $15.04 Low $15.02 P/E Ratio 24.38 Div Yield 2.54 Market Cap 50.7B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $88.52 -0.25 (-0.28%) Volume 551.5K Open $88.58 High $88.80 Low $88.42 P/E Ratio 25.24 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 227.0B
Latest News Dow 21,157 -16.50 -0.08% Nasdaq 6,284 -13.18 -0.21% S&P 500 2,429 -3.65 -0.15% 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:48 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Farmers are hoping you’ll wear soybean pants By Benjamin Parkin Published: June 6, 2017 10:55 a.m. ET Share From sneakers to seat cushions: the hunt for alternative uses for surplus grains Getty Images A model displays clothes made from a corn-based polyester. By BenjaminParkin Facing overstuffed silos and forecasts for another huge harvest this year, U.S. farmers are trying to find new uses for their corn and soybeans. Robust demand for processed foods, animal feed and biofuels isn’t keeping up with a record glut of crops in the U.S. and around the world, after several years of bumper harvests and largely benevolent weather. To sell the surplus, farmers and trade groups are wooing new customers, from car makers to toy companies. In recent years, corn and soybeans have been added to the recipes for Ford Motor Co. F, -1.13% seat cushions, IKEA mattresses, Danone SA’s DANOY, -0.60% yogurt cups and Procter & Gamble Co.’s PG, -0.28% Olay moisturizers. Adidas AG’s Reebok brand recently unveiled sneakers made with corn. Lego A/S earlier this year said it was toying with using grain-based materials to mold its famous bricks. Industry groups also are calling for more research into new ways that the crops could replace petroleum as a raw material in industrial and construction applications. “We’re sitting on a pretty good surplus,” says Paul Bertels, vice president of the National Corn Growers Association, which recently called for more research to put corn in more products. “We stepped back and said, ‘We need to find new uses.’ ” Also see: The more family members the merrier, many luxury buyers say U.S. corn and soybean stockpiles swelled to a combined 10.35 billion bushels in the first quarter of 2017, a record. Soybean futures have fallen more than 10% at the Chicago Board of Trade since mid-January. Corn prices are also under pressure. Analysts expect big harvests in South America to increase the global glut, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in March that U.S. farmers also are expecting record acreage of soybeans this year. Getty Images A 3D drawing pen uses PLA, a corn-based plastic material. The PLA gets pushed through the tip of the pen so that it comes out melted and then cools so the user can draw 3D objects with no computer or software. The hunt for alternative uses for grains and oilseeds isn’t new. NatureWorks LLC, the world’s first and largest maker of a bioplastic called PLA, started in 1989 as a Cargill research project. But the multiyear glut, which has pushed many farmers deeper into debt and some out of business, is adding urgency to that work. Argo Genesis Chemical LLC of Illinois recently developed its own highly flexible, soy-made plastics for use in products like road-paving materials, cardboard and diapers adhesives. The company says such compounds can help shield manufacturers from volatile oil prices. “Long term, we see this being the way the plastics industry moves,” says Steve Davies, spokesman for NatureWorks. “There’s tremendous potential to grow.” Ford Several Ford models use seat cushions made from soybeans. For consumers of these new products, the use of corn and soybeans could be a positive. Many consumers are willing to pay a premium for sustainability. Switching to raw materials that can be grown year after year allows companies to tout their “green” credentials, though researchers are divided over the overall environmental impact. Still, these new uses account for only a fraction of the output in an industry geared toward cranking out billions of bushels a year for animal feed, alcohol and food. Some 96% of global agricultural land is used to produce food, feed and pastures, according to trade association European Bioplastics. Crops for bioplastics took up just 0.01% in 2014; rubber and cotton plants along with crops for biofuel made up much of the remainder. “Those fringe uses of corn are so specialized that they’re interesting, but really people are looking for uses that develop 5 billion bushels of demand,” said Tomm Pfitzenmaier, a founding partner at Summit Commodity Brokerage in Des Moines, Iowa. “That’s where the big swing could come.” But boosters see room for rapid growth, and point to ethanol’s trajectory in the U.S. as an example. Less than 1% of U.S. corn was used as ethanol in the 1980-81 crop year, according to the Agriculture Department. In 2015-16, 5.2 billion bushels, or 38%, of the U.S. crop became biofuel. Some food-security groups say redirecting grain and soybeans toward factories takes away land that will be needed to feed a growing global population. Others say the added value from such alternative uses won’t trickle down to the farmers themselves, since they aren’t the ones processing the grains into these higher-priced products. “A lot of these folks are going to continue to be caught in the system where they’re getting a tiny fraction of what the final product brings to the processors,” says Greg Fogel, policy director at the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition. “That’s not going to solve the problems that currently exist with the rural farm economy.” John Motter, an Ohio farmer and chairman of the United Soybean Board, says that for now U.S. farmers need all the buyers they can find. “Farmers are businessmen. We all take a longer view,” he says, proudly pointing out that the seats in his 2013 Ford F-250 pickup truck are made from oilseed foam. That’s the kind of business opportunity farmers want U.S. companies to see in their fields. “Ford isn’t running soy in their seats because they think it’s a neat thing to do,” says Keith Cockerline, director of industrial uses at the United Soybean Board. “It’s because they’re making money at it.” Benjamin Parkin is a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in Chicago. Email him at benjamin.parkin@wsj.com. The article “Sneakers Made from Corn? Seat Cushions From Soybeans?” first appeared in The Wall Street Journal. More from MarketWatch North Korea may be the biggest black swan of all U.S. oil data shocks the market in more ways than one U.K. election: The worst, best and most likely scenarios for stocks worldwide Quote References F -0.12 -1.13% DANOY -0.09 -0.60% PG -0.25 -0.28% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $10.95 -0.12 (-1.13%) Volume 5.3M Open $10.94 High $11.01 Low $10.91 P/E Ratio 11.72 Div Yield 5.47 Market Cap 44.1B Danone S.A. ADR U.S.: OTC: DANOY $15.02 -0.09 (-0.60%) Volume 17208 Open $15.03 High $15.04 Low $15.02 P/E Ratio 24.38 Div Yield 2.54 Market Cap 50.7B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $88.52 -0.25 (-0.28%) Volume 552.5K Open $88.58 High $88.80 Low $88.42 P/E Ratio 25.25 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 227.0B
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 6 June 2017 | MYT 3:00 PM The problem with Google’s war on annoying ads by leonid bershidsky Google's move to block all ads on websites that don't follow guidelines set by an industry group is meant to save the digital ad industry from itself, yet it would also have the curious side effect of making Google's business model more sustainable. — EPA Google, which controls more than 40% of the US digital ad market, has decided to teach the world which ads are acceptable and which aren't.  Starting next year, its Chrome web browser will block all ads – including those bought through Google – on websites that don't follow guidelines set by an industry group.  This monopolistic move is meant to save the digital ad industry from itself. It would also have the side effects of making Google's business model more sustainable.  Sridhar Ramaswamy, Google's senior vice-president for ads and commerce, delivered the warning to website owners in a recent blog post. Chrome, he wrote, won't show any advertising on sites that try to run ads that are designated as annoying by the Coalition for Better Ads, a group that, apart from Google, includes the second digital ad powerhouse – Facebook, as well as content creators such as News Corp and The Washington Post and major advertisers such as Procter & Gamble.  The group has researched user experiences and concluded that Internet users hate pop-up ads, self-launching videos with sound, countdown ads that make one wait before a page loads, and large sticky ads that don't go away as you scroll.  Google is not the first browser maker to build in ad blocking functionality. Last year, Norway-based Opera Software did so, saying it wanted to motivate the industry to stop annoying viewers and increasing website load times. Like Google, Opera also declared it supported lighter ad formats, but didn't pick and choose websites on which to filter out advertising.  Now, about a third of Opera users have turned on the blocking feature. But there are too few of them to count: Opera commands a 3.5% global market share. Chrome, with 54%, dwarfs all other players, and its threat to stop showing ads on certain sites is essentially an order to change or die.   It's not a nice move. Many will see it as a power grab aimed at weakening other players, who are already losing share to Google and Facebook. Content creators could point out that the two giants sell some of the most irritating ad formats, but the Coalition for Better Ads has no problem with them. Instead, it's helping Google wage war on the formats that bring in the most revenue for publishers.  So why would Google expose itself to new accusations of abusing its monopoly position, especially given that its business keeps growing and so does the global digital ad market, which is expected to reach US$223.7bil (RM952.30bil) this year and continue to make double-digit leaps until at least 2020?  Google founders and executives have built such a powerful company because they've never allowed themselves to get stuck in the present or the near future. And the medium term looks troubling for the digital ad industry because of the quickly growing use of ad blockers.  On desktop computers, the use of such software is increasing while web traffic from them is going down. But that's not what should worry Google, whose strategy is based on mobile dominance; on mobile devices, the use of ad blockers is rocketing. In 2016, Google's ad sales increased about 18%. The number of mobile devices that use an ad blocker grew 38% (to 380 million), according to PageFair. Much of that growth is in Asia, one of the most promising regions for advertisers.  Increasingly, Google and other companies exploiting advertising-based business models are facing a world in which ads are sold, providing a robust revenue stream, but people find ways to opt out of looking at them. That gives fraud – primarily the practice of “showing” ads to bots rather than real people – an increasing weight in the industry's total revenues. Google needs to get real people to keep looking at ads, and it appears to believe that making other people's ads less intrusive is the way toward that goal.  I doubt it's going to solve the problem, mainly because the guidelines are written in a way that ensures that viewers will continue to see annoying ads from Google and Facebook – if not from many other sites.  Google appears to believe that the digital ad market's fundamental contradiction between people's desire for free content and their annoyance with ads is a matter of balance. That belief is apparently shared by some content producers: A few of them have signed up for Google's relaunched Contributor program, which allows sites to charge a small fee – usually US$0.01 per page – to show a visitor no ads at all.  But the program did badly before the relaunch, and very few content sites have signed up for it now. To most readers, paying to see no ads is essentially like paying protection money – something to be avoided with the help of a comprehensive ad blocker, not a pro-Google, pro-Facebook one.  Content creators, like any other manufacturers, are on shaky ground when people can consume their product free of charge. A strong paid subscription base is the only good insurance against a future digital advertising crisis, which Google is trying to stave off with its attempt to join a trend it can't beat. — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Waymo gets Uber report allegedly crafted in criminal huddle Delphi, Transdev to develop self-driving transport service in Europe Kids with TVs in bedrooms more likely to be overweight: study Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again 5 superpowers that makes mum a hero 6 places you must visit in your lifetime Others Also Read Double win for AirAsia at World Travel Awards Audience swept away with romantic classics Malaysia Airports: Untagged baggage incident an isolate case advertisement Latest News Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Most Viewed in Tech Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with borderless display could land by September Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Ikea to try selling through third party websites Apple’s two futures: VR is for desktop, AR is for mobile Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Chinese Apple staff suspected of selling private data Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Google introduces a new image-based shopping ad format Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Hair Loss&growth Treatment Market 2017 – Procter & Gamble, L’Oreal, Unilever, Taisho, Henkel The Hair Loss&growth Treatment Market 2017 examines the performance of the Hair Loss&growth Treatment market, enclosing an in-depth judgment of the Hair Loss&growth Treatment market state and the competitive landscape globally. This report analyzes the potential of Hair Loss&growth Treatment market in the present as well as the future prospects from various angles in detail. The Global Hair Loss&growth Treatment Market 2017 report includes Hair Loss&growth Treatment industry volume, market Share, market Trends, Hair Loss&growth Treatment Growth aspects, a wide range of applications, Utilization ratio, Supply and demand analysis, manufacturing capacity, Hair Loss&growth Treatment Price during the Forecast period from 2017 to 2022. To Get Sample Report Click Here: goo.gl/Q4kchM Manufacturers Analysis and Top Sellers of Global Hair Loss&growth Treatment Market 2017: 1 Procter & Gamble 2 L’Oreal 3 Unilever 4 Taisho 5 Henkel 6 Merck 7 Shiseido 8 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. 9 Rohto 10 Lifes2Good 11 Gerolymatos International 12 Toppik 13 Nanogen 14 Oxford BioLabs Ltd. 15 Ultrax Labs 16 Avalon Natural Products 17 Bayer 18 Pharma Medico 19 Kirkland Signature 20 Phyto Ales Group 21 Amplixin 22 Kerafiber 23 Phyto 24 Keranique 25 DS Healthcare Group 26 Kaminomoto 27 Softto 28 Bawang 29 Zhang Guang Hair Loss&growth Treatment Market Analysis: By Product Hair Loss and Growth Devices Shampoos and Conditioners Medicine Product Hair Loss&growth Treatment Market Analysis: By Application Homehold Commercial At the beginning, the report covers the top Hair Loss&growth Treatment manufacturing industry players from regions like United States, EU, Japan, and China. It also characterizes the market based on topographical regions. Further, the Hair Loss&growth Treatment report gives information on the company profile, market share and contact details along with value chain analysis of Hair Loss&growth Treatment industry, Hair Loss&growth Treatment industry rules and policies, circumstances driving the growth of the market and compulsion blocking the growth. Hair Loss&growth Treatment Market development scope and various business strategies are also mentioned in this report. To Buy Complete Report Click Here: market.biz/report/global-hair-loss-growth-treatment-marke… The Hair Loss&growth Treatment research report includes the products that are currently in demand and available in the market along with their cost breakup, manufacturing volume, import/export scheme and contribution to the Hair Loss&growth Treatment market revenue worldwide. Finally, Hair Loss&growth Treatment market report gives you details about the market research findings and conclusion which helps you to develop profitable market strategies to gain competitive advantage. About Us- Market.Biz is designed to provide the best and most penetrating research required to all commercial, industrial and profit-making ventures in any sector of online business. We take pride in our ability to satisfy the market research needs of both domestic and international businesses. read more- market.biz/about/ Browse Latest Market News- firstnewshawk.com/ Global Hair Loss&growth Treatment Market Report presents a professional and deep analysis on the present state of Hair Loss&growth Treatment Market 2017. The study of Hair Loss&growth Treatment industry is very important to enhance business productivity and for the study of market forecast. Market.Biz is designed to provide the best and most penetrating research required to all commercial, industrial and profit-making ventures in any sector of online business. We take pride in our ability to satisfy the market research needs of both domestic and international businesses. James Johnson S no. 51/14 First Floor, Office Number 4, Vishwa Arcade, Near Navale Lawns, Pune, Maharashtra, India 411041 Maharashtra, India Tel: +1(857)2390696 Web: market.biz Email: inquiry@market.biz Browse Market Research Reports- ereports.market/ Latest Reports- market.biz/reports/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ADDENDUM – ALD S.A: ALD lance son introduction en bourse sur le marche reglemente d’Euronext Paris. Fourchette indicative de prix entre 14,20 € et 17,40 € par action Next PostNext Genetically Modified Food Safety Testing Sales Market Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Industry Size Analysis to 2021 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Recent Research into Bath and Shower in China Summary Orbis Research delivers key insights on the Bath and Shower in China Market This report helps to analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments Description Segmentation and personalisation in bath and shower are designed to satisfy individual needs based on gender; for example Old Spice Body Wash for men from Procter & Gamble (Guangzhou) and The Face Shop Perfumed Body Wash for women from LG Household & Health Care. Bath and Shower in China report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data 2012-2016, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. Forecasts to 2021 illustrate how the market is set to change. Product coverage: Bar Soap, Bath Additives, Body Wash/Shower Gel, Intimate Hygiene, Liquid Soap, Talcum Powder. Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand shares and distribution data. Download PDF Sample of Bath and Shower in China Market Research Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/295891 Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Bath and Shower market; Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change; Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands; Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop. LIST OF CONTENTS AND TABLES Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 1 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 2 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 3 Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 4 NBO Company Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2012-2016 Table 5 LBN Brand Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 6 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 7 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 8 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 9 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021 Executive Summary Robust Growth Despite the Cooling Chinese Economic Environment Internet Retailing Drives Growth in Sales International Players Take the Lead, Whilst Local Manufacturers Are Catching Up Products With Specific Features Are Favoured Healthy Growth Momentum Is Anticipated in the Forecast Period Key Trends and Developments Premiumisation Trend Leads To Growth in Sales Online Distribution Plays A Vital Role Sets/kits Prevail in Beauty and Personal Care Market Data Table 10 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 11 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 12 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 13 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 14 GBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 15 NBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 16 LBN Brand Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 17 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 18 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 19 Forecast Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 20 Forecast Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 21 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 22 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Sources Summary 1 Research Sources   Place Purchase Order for this Report @: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/295891 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBath and Shower in China, Bath and Shower in China 'Market, Bath and Shower in China Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dundee Corporation Announces Executive Appointments Next PostNext Press Conference with Mr Michael Phelan APM, Acting Commissioner, Australian Federal Police Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Are the NewFronts Pointless? The NewFronts imitate TV’s annual upfronts marketplace, but digital video still isn’t bought the way TV is. Why are we doing this? Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Don't Miss TV Upfronts Video Cannes Lions Women to Watch A.I. Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Dos Equis Drops Agency That Created Most Interesting Man By E.J. Schultz and Lindsay Stein - 9 hours ago Array 0 Bored With Basketball, Charles Barkley Goes All-In on the Stanley Cup Final By Anthony Crupi - 12 hours ago Array 0 Uber Hires Apple Music Marketer Bozoma Saint John By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 15 hours ago Array 0 'Still In': Marketers Stand By Climate Pact After Trump Drops Out By Jessica Wohl - 15 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Cheerios, Old Spice, VW and More 16 hours ago Array 0 Dos Equis Drops Agency That Created Most Interesting Man By E.J. Schultz and Lindsay Stein - 9 hours ago 0 Can You See All 1 Billion Colors in This Samsung TV Ad? By Ann-Christine Diaz - 18 hours ago 0 Uber Hires Apple Music Marketer Bozoma Saint John By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 15 hours ago 0 AB InBev Buys Stakes in Craft Beer Sites, Provoking a Backlash By E.J. Schultz - 17 hours ago 0 Is It Time for 'Fox & Friends' to Rebrand Itself as 'Fox & Our Friend Donald'? By Simon Dumenco - 21 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Jack Trout, Co-Author of 'Positioning,' Dies at 82 By Jack Neff. Published on June 05, 2017. Jack Trout. Credit: Trout and Partners Most Popular Jack Trout, who coined the term "positioning" and co-authored of one of the most influential marketing books ever, died Sunday at his home in Greenwich, Conn., of intestinal cancer. He was 82. "Positioning: The Battle for Your Mind," co-written in 1981 with Trout's longtime agency and consulting partner Al Ries, was more than a decade in the making. Trout first used the word in a 1969 article, and the concept was the basis of a series of columns in Advertising Age in 1972. "The basic approach of positioning is not to create something new and different," as Trout put it, "but to manipulate what's already up there in the mind, to re-tie the connections that already exist." Positioning fundamentals include the importance of being first, inventing new categories, and having brand names that are strong, clear and understandable. Trout would go on to author or co-author 15 other books on positioning, lecture around the world and develop a global consulting practice. Trout's Greenwich, Conn.-based firm has offices in 20 countries, according to its website, and has consulted with a wide range of marketers, including Apple, AT&T, IBM, Procter & Gamble Co. and General Mills. Trout & Partners carries on under Deng Delong as global president, appointed to the role by Trout when he became ill. The original book has sold more than 2 million copies, more than 400,000 in China alone, said Ries, who split off to form his own consulting firm with his daughter, Laura, in 1994. China has become a major market for both Trout & Partners and Ries & Ries, he said, and if anything the books and "positioning" concept are better known outside the U.S. than inside today. Trout was born in 1935 in Manhattan, the oldest of six children. He went to Iona College on an academic scholarship and after college joined the Navy as a flight navigator. He began his business career in the advertising department of General Electric. A mutual friend recommended him to Ries to join his agency. Ries didn't have an opening at the time, so referred Trout to the advertising department of a client, Uniroyal. When a spot did soon become available, Trout joined Ries at what would become Trout & Ries, where they worked together for 26 years. "We were different," Ries said, explaining the success of the partnership. "He was an extrovert. I was an introvert. One has the idea, and the other is a critic. It goes back and forth." One of Ries' favorite stories about Trout comes from the early 1980s, when Jeffrey Campbell, former CEO of Burger King, then a unit of Pillsbury, asked Ries for an autographed copy of the book and noted it inspired the chain's "flame broiled, not fried" positioning. After hearing about the encounter, Trout told Nation's Restaurant News that "J. Walter Thompson gets the Burger King advertising, and we get the books to sign." "Campbell called me and said, 'Did your partner say that?'" Ries said. "I nearly crawled under my desk, I was so embarrassed. But Campbell said, 'I think he has a point, and I would like to hire you as a consultant,' which they did." Trout is survived by his wife of 60 years, Patricia Daley, and six children, Timothy Trout of New York City; Joanne Trout of Riverside, Conn.; Nancy Trout of Hartford, Conn.; Susan Trout of New York City; Christine Acton, of Annapolis, Md.; and Peter Trout of Larchmont, N.Y. He also had 15 grandchildren. In this article: CMO Strategy CPG Obituaries Packaged Food Restaurants Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Offline to online Snap acquires Placed to better measure in-app ads to in-store sales Ad battle rages Google will start blocking 'annoying' ads on Chrome next year Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Social Media Marketing Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Snap acquires Placed to better measure in-app ads to in-store sales Placed is able to attribute brand’s digital, TV and out-of-home campaigns to store visits and in-store sales. Tim Peterson on June 5, 2017 at 9:10 pm More Snapchat’s parent company, Snap, has acquired location analytics firm Placed, a company spokesperson said on Monday, confirming a GeekWire report published earlier in the day. The spokesperson declined to say how much Snap paid for Placed — Bloomberg reported the price to be $125 million — but it’s easy to see how buying Placed — which measures store visits and offline revenue generated by digital, TV and out-of-home ads — could pay off for Snap. Advertisers like Procter & Gamble and Unilever are pressuring digital ad sellers like Google, Facebook and Snapchat to prove that the money brands spend on ads results in people spending money on the brands’ products. As a result, Google, Facebook and Snapchat have stepped up their measurement capabilities, especially when it comes to measuring if a digital ad led to a real-world purchase. In April, Snapchat began rolling out its own online-to-offline measurement product called Snap to Store. Through the product, Snapchat is able to recognize when a person is using the app in a marketer-specific location, like a store, restaurant or movie theater, and then check if that person had previously been served any ads from that brand on Snapchat. Buying Placed appears to reinforce what Snapchat is already doing with a team and technology that have been offering this type of ad attribution since 2011. According to Placed’s own description of its methodology, the company’s attribution measurements work similarly to Snapchat’s approach without being limited to Snapchat’s ads. Placed has its own audience of people who opt in to share their location with Placed plus a third-party audience. By continuously tracking people’s location and cross-referencing that information with its database of businesses’ locations, operating hours and other information, the company estimates where a person is likely to be, and then — through deals with ad buyers like DigitasLBi, Essence Digital, Horizon Media and IPG Mediabrands and ad sellers like Conde Nast, Hearst, Pandora and The Weather Company — checks if that person had seen a digital ad, TV commercial or billboard for the business operating that location. After doing that for enough people and comparing visitors who did see an ad with those who did not, Placed calculates the extent to which seeing an ad increased a person’s likelihood to visit and then factors in a location’s sales to calculate the extent to which those ad exposures increased the location’s revenue. “Over the past 12 months, Placed has measured more than $500 million in media spend to store visits, across thousands of campaigns and hundreds of partners,” Placed CEO David Shim said in a blog post published on Monday announcing the deal. Placed will continue to operate as a separate company, with all of its 100-plus employees offered the opportunity to stay on post-acquisition, and Shim will report to Snap’s chief strategy officer, Imran Khan, according to the Snap spokesperson. As a result, advertisers will still be able to use Placed to measure the store visits and offline revenue stemming from their ads running on and off Snapchat. That could concern some advertisers and publishers alike, who may not want Snapchat’s sales team to be able to use that data to price their pitches and poach their clients. But, at least for now, Snap will physically and technically keep Snapchat’s and Placed’s advertiser data separate, the spokesperson said. About The Author Tim Peterson Tim Peterson, Third Door Media's Social Media Reporter, has been covering the digital marketing industry since 2011. He has reported for Advertising Age, Adweek and Direct Marketing News. A born-and-raised Angeleno who graduated from New York University, he currently lives in Los Angeles. He has broken stories on Snapchat's ad plans, Hulu founding CEO Jason Kilar's attempt to take on YouTube and the assemblage of Amazon's ad-tech stack; analyzed YouTube's programming strategy, Facebook's ad-tech ambitions and ad blocking's rise; and documented digital video's biggest annual event VidCon, BuzzFeed's branded video production process and Snapchat Discover's ad load six months after launch. He has also developed tools to monitor brands' early adoption of live-streaming apps, compare Yahoo's and Google's search designs and examine the NFL's YouTube and Facebook video strategies. Popular Stories Facebook adds templates for Canvas ads, extends iAd-like format to Collections How Apple’s Intelligent Tracking Prevention works & why Google/Facebook could benefit most The 5 best digital marketing courses for the modern-day marketer Instagram’s direct-response Story ads are available for self-serve buys Related Topics Channel: Social Media MarketingInternet Marketing Industry: AcquisitionsSnapchatSocial Media MarketingSocial Media Marketing: Advertising Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 Email Deliverability Guide: Making It to the Subscriber Inbox How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Meet Warren Buffett's 2 trusted stock pickers The Motley Fool Matthew Frankel 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL America's fastest growing cities 15 commercial products invented for the military Warren Buffett is well known for his stock-picking acumen. As I wrote in a recent article, some of Buffett's stock investments have increased more than tenfold since he bought them for Berkshire Hathaway's portfolio. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 154.50 -0.86 -0.55% So it may surprise you to learn that it's not only Buffett calling the shots in Berkshire's stock portfolio anymore. Within the past several years, Buffett has added two stock-pickers to the mix, and they've been responsible for some of Berkshire's most notable recent stock investments. Here's a quick background on Ted Weschler and Todd Combs, and what the pair's role could evolve into, especially when Buffett is no longer running Berkshire. Meet Ted and Todd For much of the time Buffett has been at the helm of Berkshire Hathaway, he has managed the company's stock portfolio all by himself. However, that has changed in recent years with the hiring of two investment managers, Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, who were hired in 2010 and 2011, respectively. Both men are hedge fund veterans with impressive track records. For example, Weschler's fund delivered 1,236% in gains in just 11 years before he closed it -- roughly 9 times the gain of Buffett's stock portfolio during the same time frame. Combs ran a hedge fund from 2005 to 2010, and his returns over that period were 34%. That may not sound too impressive, but recall that this time period contained the Great Recession, and the S&P 500's total return was just 2.9% for those years, so it's fair to say that Combs' fund beat the market by a considerable margin. A significant component of Buffett's investment strategy is to consistently beat the market in bad years, so this may be one factor that made Combs attractive for the position. Weschler initially met Buffett as the winner of two charity auctions, in 2010 and 2011, where the prize was a lunch with Buffett himself. Weschler's winning bids: $2,626,311 and $2,626,411 -- a total of more than $5.2 million. Reportedly, Weschler's investment success -- and, more importantly, how he achieved it -- impressed Buffett at the lunches. The results have been strong so far Buffett told CNBC in an interview that hiring the pair is "one of the best decisions that Charlie [Munger] and I have ever made." He's even gone so far as to say that "they've made more money than I would have" with the capital they've been entrusted with. Weschler has reportedly opened Buffett's eyes to sectors he had previously avoided, specifically technology. For example, Buffett's Apple investment started as a roughly $1 billion stake in early 2016 and was reportedly initiated by Weschler. Buffett himself has increased the position many times over since then. Load Error Combs has also changed Buffett's thinking in a few instances. It was Combs who reportedly convinced Buffett to acquire the Duracell battery brand and get rid of Berkshire's position in Procter & Gamble stock. And the pair have made some pretty successful investments for Berkshire themselves in their relatively short tenure. For example, their first notable win was DIRECTV, of which about 36.5 million shares were acquired in the ball park of $42 to $47 per share. The bulk of it was converted into AT&T stock and cash when the telecom giant acquired the company in 2015, at a valuation of more than $93 per share. Increasing responsibilities Since Weschler and Combs started at Berkshire, they have been given an increasing amount of Berkshire's money to invest. As of Buffett's 2016 letter to shareholders, each man manages over $10 billion -- about $21 billion altogether, which includes $7.6 billion of the pension trust assets of Berkshire subsidiaries. This is still a small fraction of Berkshire's roughly $150 billion stock portfolio, but it's far more than the $2 billion Buffett says they started with. And Buffett stresses that each manages this money independently. In fact, Buffett says he usually doesn't learn about investment decisions they've made until he looks at Berkshire's monthly trade sheets. In addition to their stock-picking responsibilities, both men have some of Berkshire's operating subsidiaries reporting directly to them, Combs confirmed in a recent interview. Their future role at Berkshire After Buffett picked Berkshire's stock investments himself for years, it may seem strange that he would reduce his role. However, it's important to point out that the reason Weschler (who is 56) and Combs (46) have been brought on, and given an increasingly large sum of money to invest, is that Buffett wants to make sure Berkshire's investment methods live on long after he's no longer at the helm. In his 2014 shareholder letter, which marked 50 years of the Buffettera at Berkshire, Buffett laid out his vision for the next 50 years of Berkshire. In the discussion, Buffett said that in the area of investments, "We are in fine shape for decades to come," referring to Weschler and Combs as "first-rate in all respects." He also said that they would continue to handle Berkshire's investment decisions and will be of particular help to the next CEO in evaluating acquisitions. To sum it up, if you were wondering what Buffett's plans are for the future of Berkshire's closely watched stock portfolio once he's no longer at the helm, these two investment managers are it. And if their early performance is any indicator, it looks as if Berkshire investors will have their money in good hands. SPONSORED: The $16,122 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known Social Security secrets could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example, one easy trick could pay you as much as $16,122 more each year. Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment Poll Oil prices have been volatile. How are you reacting? Buying energy stocks Selling energy stocks Buying related stocks in other sectors Riding it out Not scientifically valid. Results are updated every minute. TOTAL RESPONSES:11037VOTES VIEW RESULTS << GO BACK TO VOTE VOTE NEXT POLL AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Motley Fool Motley Fool Issues Rare Triple-Buy Alert The Motley Fool 7 of 8 People Are Clueless About This Trillion-Dollar Market The Motley Fool This Stock Could Be Like Buying Amazon in 1997 The Motley Fool The Motley Fool View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Latest News Dow 21,157 -16.33 -0.08% Nasdaq 6,284 -13.64 -0.22% S&P 500 2,429 -3.77 -0.15% 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:48 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Jeff Reeves's Strength in Numbers Get email alerts Opinion: Beyond tech: How other sectors are driving the stock market By Jeff Reeves Published: June 6, 2017 4:24 p.m. ET Share Four other sectors are outperformers — and energy is a big drag Getty Images Consumers are driving the stock market. By JeffReeves Columnist In 2017, many money managers have chased outperformance by overreliance on high-flying tech names. “Hedge funds have 25% net exposure to Tech while large-cap core and growth mutual funds have 22% and 37% allocations, respectively,” noted Goldman Sachs in a note to clients. And no wonder, with picks like Apple AAPL, -0.53%   and Facebook FB, +0.17%   both up over 30% this year through Tuesday morning, while the broader S&P 500, which has a 23.2% weighting in tech, is up a far more modest 8.7%. But will that trend continue over the coming months, particularly after an ominous downgrade to Apple stock this week? And for those of us who aren’t active traders and looking for long-term returns with a diversified portfolio, what the heck is going on in the other 10 market sectors? Here’s a big-picture look at what’s driving the market outside the hot tech stocks: Health care: Up 13% YTD Health-care stocks are the second-biggest share of the S&P 500, making up 13.9% of the index. And while the tech sector’s surge gets the most attention, investors shouldn’t overlook this sector’s outperformance in 2017; the Vanguard Health Care ETF VHT, -0.14% is up 13% year-to-date. While there is still uncertainty about the prospect of health-care reforms in Washington, earnings growth in biotech stocks and the combination of stability and income in the megacaps has kept this sector in favor. Largest components: •Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -0.01% with $350 billion market capitalization, up 13.7% year to date •Pfizer PFE, -0.06% $190 billion market cap, down 0.7% •Merck & Co. MRK, -0.89% $180 billion market cap, up 10.3% •UnitedHealth Group UNH, -0.27% $170 billion market cap, up 12.4% •Amgen AMGN, +0.25% $120 billion market cap, up 9.9% Financials: Up 0.1% YTD Financials are closely behind health care with a 13.7% weighting in the S&P, but the sector hasn’t delivered consistent returns. After a big run-up after Election Day on the hopes of less regulatory red tape, stumbles with the Republican agenda in Washington have resulted in a 7.2% decline in the Vanguard Financials ETF VFH, +0.80%  since March 1. The sector has now given up almost all of the gains made earlier in the year. Largest components: •Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.17% BRK.B, +0.09% $410 billion market cap, up 2% •J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +1.30% $290 billion market cap, down 4.1% •Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +0.54% $260 billion market cap, down 6.2% •Bank of America BAC, +1.59% $220 billion market cap, up 0.6% •Citigroup C, +1.34% $170 billion market cap, up 2.6% Consumer discretionary: Up 12.1% YTD Another big driver of the market is the consumer discretionary sector, which accounts for 12.5% of the S&P 500. Thanks to hopes of economic growth and tax cuts out of Washington, the sector has notched 12.1% gains in 2017 as measured by the Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF VCR, -0.04% While consumer confidence has been softer in recent weeks, it did notch a 16-year high in March to show that spending is very strong in 2017. Largest components: •Amazon.com AMZN, -0.16% $490 billion market cap, up 35.4% •Comcast CMCSA, -1.44% $200 billion market cap, up 21.0% •Home Depot HD, -0.31% $190 billion market cap, up 15.1% •Walt Disney DIS, -0.90% $170 billion market cap, up 1.6% •McDonald’s MCD, -0.25% $130 billion market cap, up 25.1% Industrials: Up 7.0% YTD Making up about 10.2% of the S&P, industrials are a modest driver of market performance. As a group they are hard to pin down given the variety of companies in this sector. General hopes of a recovery have boosted subgroups such as home builders, while aerospace names have benefitted from talks of a bigger Defense Department budget. The net result is a 7.0% gain this year as measured by the Vanguard Industrials ETF VIS, +0.04% Largest components: •General Electric GE, +0.31% $240 billion market cap, down 11.5% •3M MMM, -0.21% $120 billion market cap, up 15.3% •Boeing BA, +0.06% $120 billion market cap, up 21% •Honeywell International HON, -0.18% $100 billion market cap, up 15.0% •United Technologies UTX, -0.43% $100 billion market cap, up 9.6% Consumer staples: Up 9.7% YTD Making up 9.4% of the S&P pie and often seen as sleepy defensive plays, staples don’t get much press in a “risk on” environment. But the sector is up 9.7% year-to-date as measured by the Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF VDC, -0.30% That’s partially because of some hard-fought growth for select names, but also because these stocks remain a haven for investors looking for less risk and bigger yields than they’ll find in the bond market. Top components: •Wal-Mart Stores WMT, +0.35% $240 billion market cap, +14.6% •Procter & Gamble PG, -0.29% $230 billion market cap, up 5.6% •Coca-Cola KO, -0.39% $200 billion market cap, up 10.9% •Philip Morris International PM, -0.78% $190 billion market cap, up 33.3% •PepsiCo PEP, -0.46% $170 billion market cap, up 12.6% Energy: Down 15% YTD One way active managers have tapped into outperformance is by biasing toward the clear gains in tech. Another path is to move away from the clear pain in energy amid weak crude-oil prices CLN7, -0.48%  and flat global demand. The sector doesn’t have the heft of other sectors — it’s just 6.0% of the S&P 500 and has only three components with stock-market capitalizations over $60 billion. But the 15% decline this year, as measured by the Vanguard Energy ETF VDE, +0.00% has depressed the S&P’s overall gain. Largest components: •Exxon Mobil XOM, -0.11% $330 billion market cap, down 10.7% •Chevron CVX, +0.21% $190 billion market cap, down 12.1% •Schlumberger SLB, +0.09% $90 billion market cap, down 17.8% •ConocoPhillips COP, -0.11% $50 billion market cap, down 12.3% •EOG Resources EOG, +0.02% $50 billion market cap, down 11.9% Read: What if Trump kills car-emissions standards after the Paris climate decision? Utilities: Up 10.7% YTD Much like staples, utilities don’t get a lot of love in a bull market but remain highly sought after by investors looking for stable sources of dividends. As a result, the sector is up 10.7% year-to-date as measured by the Vanguard Utilities ETF VPU, -0.62% Bears continue to fret about stretched valuations and the risk of rising interest rates driving money away from utilities and into traditional fixed-income assets, but that clearly hasn’t happened yet this year. Tthe sector is a mere 3.3% of the broader S&P 500 and has no stock over $70 billion in market capitalization. Largest components: •NextEra Energy NEE, -0.55% $70 billion market cap, up 19.0% •Duke Energy DUK, -0.62% $60 billion market cap, up 10.5% •Dominion Energy D, -0.85% $50 billion market cap, up 5.2% •Southern Co. SO, -0.55% $50 billion market cap, up 3.2% •American Electric Power AEP, -0.44% $40 billion market cap, up 15.0% Real estate: Up 0.1% YTD Added as its own sector in 2016, real estate and REITs remain a pretty small sliver of the broader stock market; with only one stock valued at more than $35 billion, real estate makes up just 2.9% of the S&P. Of course, it’s hard to get bigger when interest-rate sensitive REITs are under pressure as the Federal Reserve continues to move toward tighter monetary policy. As rates rise, increasing the cost of borrowing for this capital-intensive sector, investors continue to tread lightly, as seen by the performance of the Vanguard REIT Index Fund VNQ, -0.72% While there are a few winners this year, the sector as a whole remains under pressure. Largest components: •Simon Property Group SPG, -0.48% $50 billion market cap, down 14.4% •Equinix EQIX, -0.85% $30 billion market cap, up 24.9% •Public Storage PSA, -0.69% $40 billion market cap, down 6% •Prologis PLD, -1.15% $30 billion market cap, up 7.1% •AvalonBay Communities AVB, -0.56% $40 billion market cap, up 11.4% Materials: Up 7.3% Given weaker global demand for materials and a strong U.S. dollar holding back commodity prices, materials stocks have been chronic underperformers for the past few years. However, the sector stabilized after Election Day on the hopes of stronger economy that would boost demand for chemicals, base metals and other materials. As a result, the Vanguard Materials ETF VAW, +0.11% is up 7.3% so far this year. The sector is the second-smallest slice of the S&P at a weighting of just 2.8%. Largest components: •Dow Chemical DOW, -0.15% $80 billion market cap, up 10.7% •E.l. DuPont de Nemours DD, +0.01% $70 billion market cap, up 10.1% •Monsanto MON, +0.00% $50 billion market cap, up 11.6% •Praxair PX, -0.80% $40 billion market cap, up 13.9% •Ecolab ECL, -0.41%  , $40 billion market cap, up 13.6% Telecom: Down 4.4% YTD This is the smallest segment of the S&P 500, accounting for just 2.2% of the total and with only about two dozen members. Investors who dig in to the sector will find some struggling behemoths who are watching the old world disrupted by newer (and often lower-margin) communication alternatives. The smaller players have seen a lift in 2017 on hopes of a buyout, but pain at the two top dogs that command over $400 billion in collective stock-market value makes any modest gains by smaller-tier stocks little more than a rounding error in the performance of the broader market. The Vanguard Telecommunication Services ETF VOX, +0.12%  has fallen 4.4% so far this year. Largest components: •AT&T T, -0.21% $240 billion market cap, down 8.9% •Verizon Communications VZ, -0.17% $190 billion market cap, down 12.9% •T-Mobile US TMUS, -0.38% $60 billion market cap, up 17% •Level 3 Communications LVLT, +0.05% $20 billion market cap, up 9.7% •CenturyLink CTL, +0.06% $15 billion market cap, up 8.4% More from MarketWatch This is how many drinks a week is bad for your brain 3 reasons why this couple is ignoring their 401(k) accounts in early retirement North Korea may be the biggest black swan of all Quote References AAPL -0.83 -0.53% FB +0.26 +0.17% VHT -0.20 -0.14% JNJ -0.01 -0.01% PFE -0.02 -0.06% MRK -0.57 -0.89% UNH -0.50 -0.27% AMGN +0.41 +0.25% VFH +0.48 +0.80% BRK.A +428.00 +0.17% BRK.B +0.15 +0.09% JPM +1.09 +1.30% WFC +0.28 +0.54% BAC +0.36 +1.59% C +0.83 +1.34% VCR -0.06 -0.04% AMZN -1.63 -0.16% CMCSA -0.60 -1.44% HD -0.48 -0.31% DIS -0.95 -0.90% MCD -0.38 -0.25% VIS +0.05 +0.04% GE +0.09 +0.31% MMM -0.43 -0.21% BA +0.11 +0.06% HON -0.24 -0.18% UTX -0.52 -0.43% VDC -0.44 -0.30% WMT +0.28 +0.35% PG -0.26 -0.29% KO -0.18 -0.39% PM -0.95 -0.78% PEP -0.53 -0.46% CLN7 -0.22 -0.48% VDE +0.00 +0.00% XOM -0.09 -0.11% CVX +0.22 +0.21% SLB +0.06 +0.09% COP -0.05 -0.11% EOG +0.02 +0.02% VPU -0.73 -0.62% NEE -0.78 -0.55% DUK -0.53 -0.62% D -0.68 -0.85% SO -0.28 -0.55% AEP -0.32 -0.44% VNQ -0.60 -0.72% SPG -0.75 -0.48% EQIX -3.74 -0.85% PSA -1.45 -0.69% PLD -0.65 -1.15% AVB -1.10 -0.56% VAW +0.13 +0.11% DOW -0.09 -0.15% DD +0.01 +0.01% MON +0.00 +0.00% PX -1.07 -0.80% ECL -0.55 -0.41% VOX +0.12 +0.12% T -0.08 -0.21% VZ -0.08 -0.17% TMUS -0.25 -0.38% LVLT +0.03 +0.05% CTL +0.02 +0.06% Show all references Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.54 -0.83 (-0.53%) Volume 2.7M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.46 P/E Ratio 18.16 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.1B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $153.38 +0.26 (+0.17%) Volume 2.1M Open $154.08 High $154.50 Low $153.25 P/E Ratio 40.75 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 443.7B Vanguard Health Care ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VHT $143.06 -0.20 (-0.14%) Volume 90054 Open $143.25 High $143.45 Low $143.06 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.24 Market Cap N/A Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $130.74 -0.01 (-0.01%) Volume 628.6K Open $131.00 High $131.40 Low $130.65 P/E Ratio 22.03 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 352.2B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $31.98 -0.02 (-0.06%) Volume 2.7M Open $32.06 High $32.10 Low $31.97 P/E Ratio 27.01 Div Yield 4 Market Cap 191.0B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.49 -0.57 (-0.89%) Volume 988.6K Open $64.24 High $64.25 Low $63.48 P/E Ratio 41.17 Div Yield 2.93 Market Cap 175.2B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $182.71 -0.50 (-0.27%) Volume 214.2K Open $183.34 High $183.76 Low $182.62 P/E Ratio 22.83 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 176.6B Amgen Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMGN $162.07 +0.41 (+0.25%) Volume 239.1K Open $161.98 High $162.30 Low $161.41 P/E Ratio 15.35 Div Yield 2.85 Market Cap 119.0B Vanguard Financials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VFH $60.36 +0.48 (+0.80%) Volume 29146 Open $59.90 High $60.38 Low $59.84 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.98 Market Cap N/A Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: BRK.A $250,049.00 +428.00 (+0.17%) Volume 35 Open $249,500 High $250,200 Low $249,500 P/E Ratio 18.23 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 410.7B Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: BRK.B $166.65 +0.15 (+0.09%) Volume 334.9K Open $166.35 High $166.75 Low $166.23 P/E Ratio 18.23 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 410.7B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.00 +1.09 (+1.30%) Volume 1.3M Open $83.91 High $85.06 Low $83.89 P/E Ratio 12.98 Div Yield 2.37 Market Cap 298.1B Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $52.37 +0.28 (+0.54%) Volume 1.8M Open $52.00 High $52.49 Low $51.88 P/E Ratio 13.02 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 260.3B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.96 +0.36 (+1.59%) Volume 6.5M Open $22.62 High $23.00 Low $22.60 P/E Ratio 14.36 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 224.9B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $62.71 +0.83 (+1.34%) Volume 1.3M Open $61.84 High $62.74 Low $61.72 P/E Ratio 12.47 Div Yield 1.03 Market Cap 170.4B Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VCR $143.79 -0.06 (-0.04%) Volume 3507 Open $143.95 High $144.20 Low $143.40 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.15 Market Cap N/A Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,008.44 -1.63 (-0.16%) Volume 414.7K Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 190.15 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B Comcast Corp. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: CMCSA $41.29 -0.60 (-1.44%) Volume 1.5M Open $41.81 High $41.90 Low $41.27 P/E Ratio 22.16 Div Yield 1.51 Market Cap 198.6B Home Depot Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HD $154.48 -0.48 (-0.31%) Volume 287.5K Open $155.16 High $155.23 Low $154.35 P/E Ratio 23.16 Div Yield 2.3 Market Cap 185.3B Walt Disney Co. U.S.: NYSE: DIS $104.97 -0.95 (-0.90%) Volume 580.5K Open $105.47 High $105.56 Low $104.93 P/E Ratio 18.34 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 167.5B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $151.56 -0.38 (-0.25%) Volume 245.3K Open $152.00 High $152.15 Low $151.53 P/E Ratio 26.85 Div Yield 2.47 Market Cap 123.8B Vanguard Industrials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VIS $127.10 +0.05 (+0.04%) Volume 2893 Open $127.12 High $127.27 Low $127.05 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.71 Market Cap N/A General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $27.77 +0.09 (+0.31%) Volume 2.5M Open $27.66 High $27.82 Low $27.59 P/E Ratio 25.49 Div Yield 3.47 Market Cap 241.1B 3M Co. U.S.: NYSE: MMM $204.58 -0.43 (-0.21%) Volume 123.8K Open $204.84 High $205.24 Low $204.53 P/E Ratio 24.81 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 122.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $188.21 +0.11 (+0.06%) Volume 180.5K Open $188.10 High $188.64 Low $187.70 P/E Ratio 23.01 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 113.5B Honeywell International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HON $132.48 -0.24 (-0.18%) Volume 143.5K Open $132.33 High $133.27 Low $132.15 P/E Ratio 21.04 Div Yield 2 Market Cap 101.2B United Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UTX $119.26 -0.52 (-0.43%) Volume 237.0K Open $119.30 High $119.69 Low $119.10 P/E Ratio 18.61 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 96.0B Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VDC $146.13 -0.44 (-0.30%) Volume 3966 Open $146.48 High $146.48 Low $146.13 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.28 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.43 +0.28 (+0.35%) Volume 825.6K Open $79.58 High $80.13 Low $79.42 P/E Ratio 18.08 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 238.6B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $88.51 -0.26 (-0.29%) Volume 539.2K Open $88.58 High $88.80 Low $88.42 P/E Ratio 25.23 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 227.0B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $45.33 -0.18 (-0.39%) Volume 1.0M Open $45.39 High $45.51 Low $45.28 P/E Ratio 31.79 Div Yield 3.26 Market Cap 194.4B Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PM $121.35 -0.95 (-0.78%) Volume 317.7K Open $121.85 High $122.00 Low $120.98 P/E Ratio 26.92 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 189.9B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $116.52 -0.53 (-0.46%) Volume 285.9K Open $116.86 High $117.08 Low $116.28 P/E Ratio 25.21 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 167.2B Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $45.50 -0.22 (-0.48%) Volume 369.2K Open $45.85 High $46.18 Low $45.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Vanguard Energy ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VDE $88.73 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 145.6K Open $88.33 High $89.06 Low $88.33 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.65 Market Cap N/A Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: XOM $80.82 -0.09 (-0.11%) Volume 942.6K Open $80.51 High $81.08 Low $80.49 P/E Ratio 33.8 Div Yield 3.81 Market Cap 342.8B Chevron Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVX $103.99 +0.22 (+0.21%) Volume 470.6K Open $103.44 High $104.21 Low $103.44 P/E Ratio 67.8 Div Yield 4.17 Market Cap 196.6B Schlumberger Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: SLB $68.73 +0.06 (+0.09%) Volume 488.5K Open $68.37 High $69.11 Low $68.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.91 Market Cap 95.4B ConocoPhillips U.S.: NYSE: COP $43.51 -0.05 (-0.11%) Volume 650.3K Open $43.26 High $43.85 Low $43.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 53.9B EOG Resources Inc. U.S.: NYSE: EOG $88.17 +0.02 (+0.02%) Volume 307.4K Open $87.63 High $88.75 Low $87.63 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.76 Market Cap 50.9B Vanguard Utilities ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VPU $117.87 -0.73 (-0.62%) Volume 7037 Open $118.51 High $118.51 Low $117.87 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap N/A NextEra Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: NEE $141.80 -0.78 (-0.55%) Volume 146.9K Open $142.58 High $142.58 Low $141.64 P/E Ratio 17.31 Div Yield 2.77 Market Cap 66.8B Duke Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DUK $85.56 -0.53 (-0.62%) Volume 159.3K Open $85.98 High $86.02 Low $85.25 P/E Ratio 27.35 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 60.3B Dominion Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: D $79.78 -0.68 (-0.85%) Volume 171.2K Open $80.37 High $80.43 Low $79.72 P/E Ratio 22.45 Div Yield 3.77 Market Cap 50.6B Southern Co. U.S.: NYSE: SO $50.73 -0.28 (-0.55%) Volume 249.1K Open $50.90 High $50.90 Low $50.68 P/E Ratio 19.04 Div Yield 4.56 Market Cap 50.7B American Electric Power Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AEP $72.30 -0.32 (-0.44%) Volume 160.9K Open $72.65 High $72.65 Low $72.15 P/E Ratio 50.71 Div Yield 3.26 Market Cap 35.7B Vanguard REIT ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VNQ $82.69 -0.60 (-0.72%) Volume 215.2K Open $83.32 High $83.32 Low $82.65 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap N/A Simon Property Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SPG $154.52 -0.75 (-0.48%) Volume 87939 Open $155.32 High $156.54 Low $154.31 P/E Ratio 27.33 Div Yield 4.54 Market Cap 48.5B Equinix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: EQIX $436.95 -3.74 (-0.85%) Volume 18399 Open $441.75 High $441.87 Low $436.51 P/E Ratio 160.13 Div Yield 1.82 Market Cap 34.3B Public Storage U.S.: NYSE: PSA $208.42 -1.45 (-0.69%) Volume 114.5K Open $210.00 High $210.48 Low $208.23 P/E Ratio 29.79 Div Yield 3.81 Market Cap 36.5B Prologis Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PLD $56.11 -0.65 (-1.15%) Volume 113.4K Open $56.66 High $56.80 Low $56.11 P/E Ratio 25.27 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 30.1B Avalonbay Communities Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AVB $193.64 -1.10 (-0.56%) Volume 31233 Open $195.18 High $195.18 Low $193.64 P/E Ratio 25.88 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 26.8B Vanguard Materials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VAW $121.07 +0.13 (+0.11%) Volume 3348 Open $120.92 High $121.07 Low $120.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.67 Market Cap N/A Dow Chemical Co. U.S.: NYSE: DOW $63.89 -0.09 (-0.15%) Volume 220.9K Open $63.79 High $64.06 Low $63.79 P/E Ratio 17.26 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 78.2B E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. U.S.: NYSE: DD $81.36 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 118.8K Open $81.35 High $81.52 Low $81.18 P/E Ratio 29.69 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 70.5B Monsanto Co. U.S.: NYSE: MON $117.75 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 87495 Open $117.70 High $117.87 Low $117.68 P/E Ratio 27.09 Div Yield 1.83 Market Cap 51.7B Praxair Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PX $132.01 -1.07 (-0.80%) Volume 87927 Open $132.64 High $133.14 Low $131.99 P/E Ratio 24.82 Div Yield 2.38 Market Cap 38.0B Ecolab Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ECL $132.97 -0.55 (-0.41%) Volume 50882 Open $133.40 High $133.60 Low $132.97 P/E Ratio 31.44 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 38.7B Vanguard Telecommunication Services ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VOX $95.04 +0.12 (+0.12%) Volume 2839 Open $95.00 High $95.04 Low $94.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.41 Market Cap N/A AT&T Inc. U.S.: NYSE: T $38.68 -0.08 (-0.21%) Volume 1.4M Open $38.81 High $38.84 Low $38.65 P/E Ratio 18.98 Div Yield 5.06 Market Cap 238.3B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $46.42 -0.08 (-0.17%) Volume 840.3K Open $46.50 High $46.56 Low $46.40 P/E Ratio 15.5 Div Yield 4.97 Market Cap 189.7B T-Mobile US Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TMUS $65.67 -0.25 (-0.38%) Volume 95848 Open $66.04 High $66.25 Low $65.66 P/E Ratio 34.58 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 54.8B Level 3 Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LVLT $62.04 +0.03 (+0.05%) Volume 64003 Open $62.05 High $62.23 Low $61.83 P/E Ratio 35.3 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 22.4B CenturyLink Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CTL $25.81 +0.02 (+0.06%) Volume 371.3K Open $25.80 High $25.94 Low $25.70 P/E Ratio 25.25 Div Yield 8.39 Market Cap 14.2B
Latest News Dow 21,157 -17.03 -0.08% Nasdaq 6,284 -13.73 -0.22% S&P 500 2,429 -3.86 -0.16% 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:48 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Jeff Reeves's Strength in Numbers Get email alerts Opinion: Beyond tech: How other sectors are driving the stock market By Jeff Reeves Published: June 6, 2017 4:24 p.m. ET Share Four other sectors are outperformers — and energy is a big drag Getty Images Consumers are driving the stock market. By JeffReeves Columnist In 2017, many money managers have chased outperformance by overreliance on high-flying tech names. “Hedge funds have 25% net exposure to Tech while large-cap core and growth mutual funds have 22% and 37% allocations, respectively,” noted Goldman Sachs in a note to clients. And no wonder, with picks like Apple AAPL, -0.53%   and Facebook FB, +0.20%   both up over 30% this year through Tuesday morning, while the broader S&P 500, which has a 23.2% weighting in tech, is up a far more modest 8.7%. But will that trend continue over the coming months, particularly after an ominous downgrade to Apple stock this week? And for those of us who aren’t active traders and looking for long-term returns with a diversified portfolio, what the heck is going on in the other 10 market sectors? Here’s a big-picture look at what’s driving the market outside the hot tech stocks: Health care: Up 13% YTD Health-care stocks are the second-biggest share of the S&P 500, making up 13.9% of the index. And while the tech sector’s surge gets the most attention, investors shouldn’t overlook this sector’s outperformance in 2017; the Vanguard Health Care ETF VHT, -0.14% is up 13% year-to-date. While there is still uncertainty about the prospect of health-care reforms in Washington, earnings growth in biotech stocks and the combination of stability and income in the megacaps has kept this sector in favor. Largest components: •Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -0.03% with $350 billion market capitalization, up 13.7% year to date •Pfizer PFE, -0.06% $190 billion market cap, down 0.7% •Merck & Co. MRK, -0.94% $180 billion market cap, up 10.3% •UnitedHealth Group UNH, -0.39% $170 billion market cap, up 12.4% •Amgen AMGN, +0.25% $120 billion market cap, up 9.9% Financials: Up 0.1% YTD Financials are closely behind health care with a 13.7% weighting in the S&P, but the sector hasn’t delivered consistent returns. After a big run-up after Election Day on the hopes of less regulatory red tape, stumbles with the Republican agenda in Washington have resulted in a 7.2% decline in the Vanguard Financials ETF VFH, +0.67%  since March 1. The sector has now given up almost all of the gains made earlier in the year. Largest components: •Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.18% BRK.B, +0.20% $410 billion market cap, up 2% •J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +1.11% $290 billion market cap, down 4.1% •Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +0.42% $260 billion market cap, down 6.2% •Bank of America BAC, +1.46% $220 billion market cap, up 0.6% •Citigroup C, +1.19% $170 billion market cap, up 2.6% Consumer discretionary: Up 12.1% YTD Another big driver of the market is the consumer discretionary sector, which accounts for 12.5% of the S&P 500. Thanks to hopes of economic growth and tax cuts out of Washington, the sector has notched 12.1% gains in 2017 as measured by the Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF VCR, -0.04% While consumer confidence has been softer in recent weeks, it did notch a 16-year high in March to show that spending is very strong in 2017. Largest components: •Amazon.com AMZN, -0.26% $490 billion market cap, up 35.4% •Comcast CMCSA, -1.41% $200 billion market cap, up 21.0% •Home Depot HD, -0.34% $190 billion market cap, up 15.1% •Walt Disney DIS, -0.91% $170 billion market cap, up 1.6% •McDonald’s MCD, -0.24% $130 billion market cap, up 25.1% Industrials: Up 7.0% YTD Making up about 10.2% of the S&P, industrials are a modest driver of market performance. As a group they are hard to pin down given the variety of companies in this sector. General hopes of a recovery have boosted subgroups such as home builders, while aerospace names have benefitted from talks of a bigger Defense Department budget. The net result is a 7.0% gain this year as measured by the Vanguard Industrials ETF VIS, -0.03% Largest components: •General Electric GE, +0.31% $240 billion market cap, down 11.5% •3M MMM, -0.25% $120 billion market cap, up 15.3% •Boeing BA, +0.07% $120 billion market cap, up 21% •Honeywell International HON, -0.14% $100 billion market cap, up 15.0% •United Technologies UTX, -0.45% $100 billion market cap, up 9.6% Consumer staples: Up 9.7% YTD Making up 9.4% of the S&P pie and often seen as sleepy defensive plays, staples don’t get much press in a “risk on” environment. But the sector is up 9.7% year-to-date as measured by the Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF VDC, -0.30% That’s partially because of some hard-fought growth for select names, but also because these stocks remain a haven for investors looking for less risk and bigger yields than they’ll find in the bond market. Top components: •Wal-Mart Stores WMT, +0.39% $240 billion market cap, +14.6% •Procter & Gamble PG, -0.31% $230 billion market cap, up 5.6% •Coca-Cola KO, -0.38% $200 billion market cap, up 10.9% •Philip Morris International PM, -0.71% $190 billion market cap, up 33.3% •PepsiCo PEP, -0.47% $170 billion market cap, up 12.6% Energy: Down 15% YTD One way active managers have tapped into outperformance is by biasing toward the clear gains in tech. Another path is to move away from the clear pain in energy amid weak crude-oil prices CLN7, -0.17%  and flat global demand. The sector doesn’t have the heft of other sectors — it’s just 6.0% of the S&P 500 and has only three components with stock-market capitalizations over $60 billion. But the 15% decline this year, as measured by the Vanguard Energy ETF VDE, +0.00% has depressed the S&P’s overall gain. Largest components: •Exxon Mobil XOM, -0.15% $330 billion market cap, down 10.7% •Chevron CVX, +0.18% $190 billion market cap, down 12.1% •Schlumberger SLB, +0.10% $90 billion market cap, down 17.8% •ConocoPhillips COP, -0.11% $50 billion market cap, down 12.3% •EOG Resources EOG, -0.02% $50 billion market cap, down 11.9% Read: What if Trump kills car-emissions standards after the Paris climate decision? Utilities: Up 10.7% YTD Much like staples, utilities don’t get a lot of love in a bull market but remain highly sought after by investors looking for stable sources of dividends. As a result, the sector is up 10.7% year-to-date as measured by the Vanguard Utilities ETF VPU, -0.62% Bears continue to fret about stretched valuations and the risk of rising interest rates driving money away from utilities and into traditional fixed-income assets, but that clearly hasn’t happened yet this year. Tthe sector is a mere 3.3% of the broader S&P 500 and has no stock over $70 billion in market capitalization. Largest components: •NextEra Energy NEE, -0.65% $70 billion market cap, up 19.0% •Duke Energy DUK, -0.65% $60 billion market cap, up 10.5% •Dominion Energy D, -0.91% $50 billion market cap, up 5.2% •Southern Co. SO, -0.59% $50 billion market cap, up 3.2% •American Electric Power AEP, -0.50% $40 billion market cap, up 15.0% Real estate: Up 0.1% YTD Added as its own sector in 2016, real estate and REITs remain a pretty small sliver of the broader stock market; with only one stock valued at more than $35 billion, real estate makes up just 2.9% of the S&P. Of course, it’s hard to get bigger when interest-rate sensitive REITs are under pressure as the Federal Reserve continues to move toward tighter monetary policy. As rates rise, increasing the cost of borrowing for this capital-intensive sector, investors continue to tread lightly, as seen by the performance of the Vanguard REIT Index Fund VNQ, -0.71% While there are a few winners this year, the sector as a whole remains under pressure. Largest components: •Simon Property Group SPG, -0.41% $50 billion market cap, down 14.4% •Equinix EQIX, -0.85% $30 billion market cap, up 24.9% •Public Storage PSA, -0.50% $40 billion market cap, down 6% •Prologis PLD, -1.13% $30 billion market cap, up 7.1% •AvalonBay Communities AVB, -0.56% $40 billion market cap, up 11.4% Materials: Up 7.3% Given weaker global demand for materials and a strong U.S. dollar holding back commodity prices, materials stocks have been chronic underperformers for the past few years. However, the sector stabilized after Election Day on the hopes of stronger economy that would boost demand for chemicals, base metals and other materials. As a result, the Vanguard Materials ETF VAW, +0.11% is up 7.3% so far this year. The sector is the second-smallest slice of the S&P at a weighting of just 2.8%. Largest components: •Dow Chemical DOW, -0.11% $80 billion market cap, up 10.7% •E.l. DuPont de Nemours DD, +0.01% $70 billion market cap, up 10.1% •Monsanto MON, -0.03% $50 billion market cap, up 11.6% •Praxair PX, -0.77% $40 billion market cap, up 13.9% •Ecolab ECL, -0.55%  , $40 billion market cap, up 13.6% Telecom: Down 4.4% YTD This is the smallest segment of the S&P 500, accounting for just 2.2% of the total and with only about two dozen members. Investors who dig in to the sector will find some struggling behemoths who are watching the old world disrupted by newer (and often lower-margin) communication alternatives. The smaller players have seen a lift in 2017 on hopes of a buyout, but pain at the two top dogs that command over $400 billion in collective stock-market value makes any modest gains by smaller-tier stocks little more than a rounding error in the performance of the broader market. The Vanguard Telecommunication Services ETF VOX, +0.12%  has fallen 4.4% so far this year. Largest components: •AT&T T, -0.22% $240 billion market cap, down 8.9% •Verizon Communications VZ, -0.22% $190 billion market cap, down 12.9% •T-Mobile US TMUS, -0.39% $60 billion market cap, up 17% •Level 3 Communications LVLT, +0.04% $20 billion market cap, up 9.7% •CenturyLink CTL, +0.04% $15 billion market cap, up 8.4% More from MarketWatch Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way AMD’s stock extends surge, fueled by ‘tremendous’ graphics cards demand Quote References AAPL -0.82 -0.53% FB +0.31 +0.20% VHT -0.20 -0.14% JNJ -0.04 -0.03% PFE -0.02 -0.06% MRK -0.60 -0.94% UNH -0.71 -0.39% AMGN +0.41 +0.25% VFH +0.40 +0.67% BRK.A +459.00 +0.18% BRK.B +0.34 +0.20% JPM +0.93 +1.11% WFC +0.22 +0.42% BAC +0.33 +1.46% C +0.74 +1.19% VCR -0.06 -0.04% AMZN -2.60 -0.26% CMCSA -0.59 -1.41% HD -0.52 -0.34% DIS -0.96 -0.91% MCD -0.37 -0.24% VIS -0.04 -0.03% GE +0.09 +0.31% MMM -0.52 -0.25% BA +0.13 +0.07% HON -0.19 -0.14% UTX -0.54 -0.45% VDC -0.44 -0.30% WMT +0.31 +0.39% PG -0.27 -0.31% KO -0.17 -0.38% PM -0.87 -0.71% PEP -0.55 -0.47% CLN7 -0.08 -0.17% VDE +0.00 +0.00% XOM -0.12 -0.15% CVX +0.19 +0.18% SLB +0.07 +0.10% COP -0.05 -0.11% EOG -0.02 -0.02% VPU -0.73 -0.62% NEE -0.93 -0.65% DUK -0.56 -0.65% D -0.73 -0.91% SO -0.30 -0.59% AEP -0.36 -0.50% VNQ -0.59 -0.71% SPG -0.63 -0.41% EQIX -3.74 -0.85% PSA -1.04 -0.50% PLD -0.64 -1.13% AVB -1.10 -0.56% VAW +0.13 +0.11% DOW -0.07 -0.11% DD +0.01 +0.01% MON -0.04 -0.03% PX -1.02 -0.77% ECL -0.73 -0.55% VOX +0.12 +0.12% T -0.09 -0.22% VZ -0.10 -0.22% TMUS -0.26 -0.39% LVLT +0.02 +0.04% CTL +0.01 +0.04% Show all references Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.55 -0.82 (-0.53%) Volume 2.8M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.1B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $153.43 +0.31 (+0.20%) Volume 2.1M Open $154.08 High $154.50 Low $153.25 P/E Ratio 40.74 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 443.7B Vanguard Health Care ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VHT $143.06 -0.20 (-0.14%) Volume 90618 Open $143.25 High $143.45 Low $143.06 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.24 Market Cap N/A Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $130.71 -0.04 (-0.03%) Volume 643.9K Open $131.00 High $131.40 Low $130.65 P/E Ratio 22.03 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 352.2B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $31.98 -0.02 (-0.06%) Volume 2.9M Open $32.06 High $32.10 Low $31.97 P/E Ratio 27.05 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 191.0B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.46 -0.60 (-0.94%) Volume 1.1M Open $64.24 High $64.25 Low $63.45 P/E Ratio 41.13 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 175.2B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $182.50 -0.71 (-0.39%) Volume 224.1K Open $183.34 High $183.76 Low $182.50 P/E Ratio 22.82 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 176.6B Amgen Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMGN $162.07 +0.41 (+0.25%) Volume 243.7K Open $161.98 High $162.30 Low $161.41 P/E Ratio 15.37 Div Yield 2.84 Market Cap 119.0B Vanguard Financials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VFH $60.28 +0.40 (+0.67%) Volume 32186 Open $59.90 High $60.38 Low $59.84 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.98 Market Cap N/A Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: BRK.A $250,080.00 +459.00 (+0.18%) Volume 37 Open $249,500 High $250,200 Low $249,500 P/E Ratio 18.24 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 410.7B Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: BRK.B $166.84 +0.34 (+0.20%) Volume 353.3K Open $166.35 High $166.84 Low $166.23 P/E Ratio 18.25 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 410.7B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $84.84 +0.93 (+1.11%) Volume 1.3M Open $83.91 High $85.06 Low $83.89 P/E Ratio 12.99 Div Yield 2.37 Market Cap 298.1B Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $52.31 +0.22 (+0.42%) Volume 1.8M Open $52.00 High $52.49 Low $51.88 P/E Ratio 13.03 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 260.3B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.93 +0.33 (+1.46%) Volume 6.8M Open $22.62 High $23.00 Low $22.60 P/E Ratio 14.39 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 224.9B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $62.62 +0.74 (+1.19%) Volume 1.4M Open $61.84 High $62.74 Low $61.72 P/E Ratio 12.49 Div Yield 1.03 Market Cap 170.4B Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VCR $143.79 -0.06 (-0.04%) Volume 3509 Open $143.95 High $144.20 Low $143.40 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.15 Market Cap N/A Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,007.47 -2.60 (-0.26%) Volume 420.4K Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 190.09 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B Comcast Corp. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: CMCSA $41.30 -0.59 (-1.41%) Volume 1.5M Open $41.81 High $41.90 Low $41.25 P/E Ratio 22.17 Div Yield 1.51 Market Cap 198.6B Home Depot Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HD $154.44 -0.52 (-0.34%) Volume 289.5K Open $155.16 High $155.23 Low $154.35 P/E Ratio 23.16 Div Yield 2.3 Market Cap 185.3B Walt Disney Co. U.S.: NYSE: DIS $104.96 -0.96 (-0.91%) Volume 591.0K Open $105.47 High $105.56 Low $104.93 P/E Ratio 18.34 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 167.5B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $151.57 -0.37 (-0.24%) Volume 257.8K Open $152.00 High $152.15 Low $151.51 P/E Ratio 26.85 Div Yield 2.47 Market Cap 123.8B Vanguard Industrials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VIS $127.01 -0.04 (-0.03%) Volume 2961 Open $127.12 High $127.27 Low $127.01 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.71 Market Cap N/A General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $27.77 +0.09 (+0.31%) Volume 2.5M Open $27.66 High $27.82 Low $27.59 P/E Ratio 25.55 Div Yield 3.46 Market Cap 241.1B 3M Co. U.S.: NYSE: MMM $204.49 -0.52 (-0.25%) Volume 126.9K Open $204.84 High $205.24 Low $204.49 P/E Ratio 24.8 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 122.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $188.23 +0.13 (+0.07%) Volume 188.1K Open $188.10 High $188.64 Low $187.70 P/E Ratio 23.02 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 113.5B Honeywell International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HON $132.53 -0.19 (-0.14%) Volume 148.1K Open $132.33 High $133.27 Low $132.15 P/E Ratio 21.04 Div Yield 2 Market Cap 101.2B United Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UTX $119.24 -0.54 (-0.45%) Volume 239.3K Open $119.30 High $119.69 Low $119.10 P/E Ratio 18.63 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 96.0B Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VDC $146.13 -0.44 (-0.30%) Volume 4001 Open $146.48 High $146.48 Low $146.13 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.28 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.46 +0.31 (+0.39%) Volume 848.1K Open $79.58 High $80.13 Low $79.42 P/E Ratio 18.09 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 238.6B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $88.50 -0.27 (-0.31%) Volume 552.1K Open $88.58 High $88.80 Low $88.42 P/E Ratio 25.24 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 227.0B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $45.34 -0.17 (-0.38%) Volume 1.0M Open $45.39 High $45.51 Low $45.28 P/E Ratio 31.78 Div Yield 3.26 Market Cap 194.4B Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PM $121.43 -0.87 (-0.71%) Volume 321.6K Open $121.85 High $122.00 Low $120.98 P/E Ratio 26.92 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 189.9B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $116.50 -0.55 (-0.47%) Volume 291.8K Open $116.86 High $117.08 Low $116.28 P/E Ratio 25.19 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 167.2B Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $45.64 -0.08 (-0.17%) Volume 373.8K Open $45.85 High $46.18 Low $45.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Vanguard Energy ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VDE $88.73 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 147.3K Open $88.33 High $89.06 Low $88.33 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.64 Market Cap N/A Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: XOM $80.79 -0.12 (-0.15%) Volume 979.7K Open $80.51 High $81.08 Low $80.49 P/E Ratio 33.84 Div Yield 3.81 Market Cap 342.8B Chevron Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVX $103.96 +0.19 (+0.18%) Volume 481.1K Open $103.44 High $104.21 Low $103.44 P/E Ratio 67.84 Div Yield 4.16 Market Cap 196.6B Schlumberger Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: SLB $68.74 +0.07 (+0.10%) Volume 547.2K Open $68.37 High $69.11 Low $68.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.9 Market Cap 95.4B ConocoPhillips U.S.: NYSE: COP $43.51 -0.05 (-0.11%) Volume 683.8K Open $43.26 High $43.85 Low $43.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 53.9B EOG Resources Inc. U.S.: NYSE: EOG $88.13 -0.02 (-0.02%) Volume 311.9K Open $87.63 High $88.75 Low $87.63 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.76 Market Cap 50.9B Vanguard Utilities ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VPU $117.87 -0.73 (-0.62%) Volume 7037 Open $118.51 High $118.51 Low $117.87 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap N/A NextEra Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: NEE $141.65 -0.93 (-0.65%) Volume 152.0K Open $142.58 High $142.58 Low $141.64 P/E Ratio 17.29 Div Yield 2.77 Market Cap 66.8B Duke Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DUK $85.53 -0.56 (-0.65%) Volume 161.4K Open $85.98 High $86.02 Low $85.25 P/E Ratio 27.34 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 60.3B Dominion Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: D $79.73 -0.73 (-0.91%) Volume 176.9K Open $80.37 High $80.43 Low $79.72 P/E Ratio 22.43 Div Yield 3.77 Market Cap 50.6B Southern Co. U.S.: NYSE: SO $50.71 -0.30 (-0.59%) Volume 260.6K Open $50.90 High $50.90 Low $50.68 P/E Ratio 19.03 Div Yield 4.57 Market Cap 50.7B American Electric Power Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AEP $72.26 -0.36 (-0.50%) Volume 165.4K Open $72.65 High $72.65 Low $72.15 P/E Ratio 50.68 Div Yield 3.26 Market Cap 35.7B Vanguard REIT ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VNQ $82.70 -0.59 (-0.71%) Volume 228.1K Open $83.32 High $83.32 Low $82.65 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap N/A Simon Property Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SPG $154.64 -0.63 (-0.41%) Volume 87938 Open $155.32 High $156.54 Low $154.16 P/E Ratio 27.35 Div Yield 4.53 Market Cap 48.5B Equinix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: EQIX $436.95 -3.74 (-0.85%) Volume 18750 Open $441.75 High $441.87 Low $436.51 P/E Ratio 159.95 Div Yield 1.82 Market Cap 34.3B Public Storage U.S.: NYSE: PSA $208.83 -1.04 (-0.50%) Volume 121.5K Open $210.00 High $210.48 Low $208.23 P/E Ratio 29.73 Div Yield 3.82 Market Cap 36.5B Prologis Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PLD $56.12 -0.64 (-1.13%) Volume 116.3K Open $56.66 High $56.80 Low $56.11 P/E Ratio 25.23 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 30.1B Avalonbay Communities Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AVB $193.64 -1.10 (-0.56%) Volume 30357 Open $195.18 High $195.18 Low $193.64 P/E Ratio 25.88 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 26.8B Vanguard Materials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VAW $121.07 +0.13 (+0.11%) Volume 3348 Open $120.92 High $121.07 Low $120.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.67 Market Cap N/A Dow Chemical Co. U.S.: NYSE: DOW $63.91 -0.07 (-0.11%) Volume 226.8K Open $63.79 High $64.06 Low $63.79 P/E Ratio 17.3 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap 78.2B E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. U.S.: NYSE: DD $81.36 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 120.3K Open $81.35 High $81.52 Low $81.18 P/E Ratio 29.76 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 70.5B Monsanto Co. U.S.: NYSE: MON $117.71 -0.04 (-0.03%) Volume 88462 Open $117.70 High $117.87 Low $117.68 P/E Ratio 27.09 Div Yield 1.83 Market Cap 51.7B Praxair Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PX $132.06 -1.02 (-0.77%) Volume 89621 Open $132.64 High $133.14 Low $131.99 P/E Ratio 24.82 Div Yield 2.38 Market Cap 38.0B Ecolab Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ECL $132.79 -0.73 (-0.55%) Volume 51362 Open $133.40 High $133.60 Low $132.79 P/E Ratio 31.41 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 38.7B Vanguard Telecommunication Services ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VOX $95.04 +0.12 (+0.12%) Volume 2839 Open $95.00 High $95.04 Low $94.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.41 Market Cap N/A AT&T Inc. U.S.: NYSE: T $38.67 -0.09 (-0.22%) Volume 1.5M Open $38.81 High $38.84 Low $38.65 P/E Ratio 18.99 Div Yield 5.06 Market Cap 238.3B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $46.40 -0.10 (-0.22%) Volume 879.3K Open $46.50 High $46.56 Low $46.39 P/E Ratio 15.5 Div Yield 4.97 Market Cap 189.7B T-Mobile US Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TMUS $65.66 -0.26 (-0.39%) Volume 97208 Open $66.04 High $66.25 Low $65.66 P/E Ratio 34.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 54.8B Level 3 Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LVLT $62.03 +0.02 (+0.04%) Volume 64213 Open $62.05 High $62.23 Low $61.83 P/E Ratio 35.3 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 22.4B CenturyLink Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CTL $25.80 +0.01 (+0.04%) Volume 378.0K Open $25.80 High $25.94 Low $25.70 P/E Ratio 25.27 Div Yield 8.38 Market Cap 14.2B
Latest News Dow 21,157 -17.03 -0.08% Nasdaq 6,284 -13.73 -0.22% S&P 500 2,429 -3.85 -0.16% 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:48 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Jeff Reeves's Strength in Numbers Get email alerts Opinion: Beyond tech: How other sectors are driving the stock market By Jeff Reeves Published: June 6, 2017 4:24 p.m. ET Share Four other sectors are outperformers — and energy is a big drag Getty Images Consumers are driving the stock market. By JeffReeves Columnist In 2017, many money managers have chased outperformance by overreliance on high-flying tech names. “Hedge funds have 25% net exposure to Tech while large-cap core and growth mutual funds have 22% and 37% allocations, respectively,” noted Goldman Sachs in a note to clients. And no wonder, with picks like Apple AAPL, -0.57%   and Facebook FB, +0.19%   both up over 30% this year through Tuesday morning, while the broader S&P 500, which has a 23.2% weighting in tech, is up a far more modest 8.7%. But will that trend continue over the coming months, particularly after an ominous downgrade to Apple stock this week? And for those of us who aren’t active traders and looking for long-term returns with a diversified portfolio, what the heck is going on in the other 10 market sectors? Here’s a big-picture look at what’s driving the market outside the hot tech stocks: Health care: Up 13% YTD Health-care stocks are the second-biggest share of the S&P 500, making up 13.9% of the index. And while the tech sector’s surge gets the most attention, investors shouldn’t overlook this sector’s outperformance in 2017; the Vanguard Health Care ETF VHT, -0.14% is up 13% year-to-date. While there is still uncertainty about the prospect of health-care reforms in Washington, earnings growth in biotech stocks and the combination of stability and income in the megacaps has kept this sector in favor. Largest components: •Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -0.03% with $350 billion market capitalization, up 13.7% year to date •Pfizer PFE, -0.05% $190 billion market cap, down 0.7% •Merck & Co. MRK, -0.89% $180 billion market cap, up 10.3% •UnitedHealth Group UNH, -0.29% $170 billion market cap, up 12.4% •Amgen AMGN, +0.27% $120 billion market cap, up 9.9% Financials: Up 0.1% YTD Financials are closely behind health care with a 13.7% weighting in the S&P, but the sector hasn’t delivered consistent returns. After a big run-up after Election Day on the hopes of less regulatory red tape, stumbles with the Republican agenda in Washington have resulted in a 7.2% decline in the Vanguard Financials ETF VFH, +0.73%  since March 1. The sector has now given up almost all of the gains made earlier in the year. Largest components: •Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.17% BRK.B, +0.10% $410 billion market cap, up 2% •J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +1.22% $290 billion market cap, down 4.1% •Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +0.48% $260 billion market cap, down 6.2% •Bank of America BAC, +1.46% $220 billion market cap, up 0.6% •Citigroup C, +1.24% $170 billion market cap, up 2.6% Consumer discretionary: Up 12.1% YTD Another big driver of the market is the consumer discretionary sector, which accounts for 12.5% of the S&P 500. Thanks to hopes of economic growth and tax cuts out of Washington, the sector has notched 12.1% gains in 2017 as measured by the Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF VCR, -0.04% While consumer confidence has been softer in recent weeks, it did notch a 16-year high in March to show that spending is very strong in 2017. Largest components: •Amazon.com AMZN, -0.23% $490 billion market cap, up 35.4% •Comcast CMCSA, -1.47% $200 billion market cap, up 21.0% •Home Depot HD, -0.35% $190 billion market cap, up 15.1% •Walt Disney DIS, -0.93% $170 billion market cap, up 1.6% •McDonald’s MCD, -0.26% $130 billion market cap, up 25.1% Industrials: Up 7.0% YTD Making up about 10.2% of the S&P, industrials are a modest driver of market performance. As a group they are hard to pin down given the variety of companies in this sector. General hopes of a recovery have boosted subgroups such as home builders, while aerospace names have benefitted from talks of a bigger Defense Department budget. The net result is a 7.0% gain this year as measured by the Vanguard Industrials ETF VIS, +0.04% Largest components: •General Electric GE, +0.25% $240 billion market cap, down 11.5% •3M MMM, -0.21% $120 billion market cap, up 15.3% •Boeing BA, +0.03% $120 billion market cap, up 21% •Honeywell International HON, -0.21% $100 billion market cap, up 15.0% •United Technologies UTX, -0.49% $100 billion market cap, up 9.6% Consumer staples: Up 9.7% YTD Making up 9.4% of the S&P pie and often seen as sleepy defensive plays, staples don’t get much press in a “risk on” environment. But the sector is up 9.7% year-to-date as measured by the Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF VDC, -0.30% That’s partially because of some hard-fought growth for select names, but also because these stocks remain a haven for investors looking for less risk and bigger yields than they’ll find in the bond market. Top components: •Wal-Mart Stores WMT, +0.35% $240 billion market cap, +14.6% •Procter & Gamble PG, -0.29% $230 billion market cap, up 5.6% •Coca-Cola KO, -0.40% $200 billion market cap, up 10.9% •Philip Morris International PM, -0.78% $190 billion market cap, up 33.3% •PepsiCo PEP, -0.50% $170 billion market cap, up 12.6% Energy: Down 15% YTD One way active managers have tapped into outperformance is by biasing toward the clear gains in tech. Another path is to move away from the clear pain in energy amid weak crude-oil prices CLN7, -0.46%  and flat global demand. The sector doesn’t have the heft of other sectors — it’s just 6.0% of the S&P 500 and has only three components with stock-market capitalizations over $60 billion. But the 15% decline this year, as measured by the Vanguard Energy ETF VDE, +0.00% has depressed the S&P’s overall gain. Largest components: •Exxon Mobil XOM, -0.11% $330 billion market cap, down 10.7% •Chevron CVX, +0.19% $190 billion market cap, down 12.1% •Schlumberger SLB, +0.07% $90 billion market cap, down 17.8% •ConocoPhillips COP, -0.09% $50 billion market cap, down 12.3% •EOG Resources EOG, -0.01% $50 billion market cap, down 11.9% Read: What if Trump kills car-emissions standards after the Paris climate decision? Utilities: Up 10.7% YTD Much like staples, utilities don’t get a lot of love in a bull market but remain highly sought after by investors looking for stable sources of dividends. As a result, the sector is up 10.7% year-to-date as measured by the Vanguard Utilities ETF VPU, -0.62% Bears continue to fret about stretched valuations and the risk of rising interest rates driving money away from utilities and into traditional fixed-income assets, but that clearly hasn’t happened yet this year. Tthe sector is a mere 3.3% of the broader S&P 500 and has no stock over $70 billion in market capitalization. Largest components: •NextEra Energy NEE, -0.58% $70 billion market cap, up 19.0% •Duke Energy DUK, -0.65% $60 billion market cap, up 10.5% •Dominion Energy D, -0.90% $50 billion market cap, up 5.2% •Southern Co. SO, -0.58% $50 billion market cap, up 3.2% •American Electric Power AEP, -0.45% $40 billion market cap, up 15.0% Real estate: Up 0.1% YTD Added as its own sector in 2016, real estate and REITs remain a pretty small sliver of the broader stock market; with only one stock valued at more than $35 billion, real estate makes up just 2.9% of the S&P. Of course, it’s hard to get bigger when interest-rate sensitive REITs are under pressure as the Federal Reserve continues to move toward tighter monetary policy. As rates rise, increasing the cost of borrowing for this capital-intensive sector, investors continue to tread lightly, as seen by the performance of the Vanguard REIT Index Fund VNQ, -0.72% While there are a few winners this year, the sector as a whole remains under pressure. Largest components: •Simon Property Group SPG, -0.41% $50 billion market cap, down 14.4% •Equinix EQIX, -0.85% $30 billion market cap, up 24.9% •Public Storage PSA, -0.65% $40 billion market cap, down 6% •Prologis PLD, -1.13% $30 billion market cap, up 7.1% •AvalonBay Communities AVB, -0.56% $40 billion market cap, up 11.4% Materials: Up 7.3% Given weaker global demand for materials and a strong U.S. dollar holding back commodity prices, materials stocks have been chronic underperformers for the past few years. However, the sector stabilized after Election Day on the hopes of stronger economy that would boost demand for chemicals, base metals and other materials. As a result, the Vanguard Materials ETF VAW, +0.11% is up 7.3% so far this year. The sector is the second-smallest slice of the S&P at a weighting of just 2.8%. Largest components: •Dow Chemical DOW, -0.19% $80 billion market cap, up 10.7% •E.l. DuPont de Nemours DD, +0.01% $70 billion market cap, up 10.1% •Monsanto MON, -0.02% $50 billion market cap, up 11.6% •Praxair PX, -0.77% $40 billion market cap, up 13.9% •Ecolab ECL, -0.55%  , $40 billion market cap, up 13.6% Telecom: Down 4.4% YTD This is the smallest segment of the S&P 500, accounting for just 2.2% of the total and with only about two dozen members. Investors who dig in to the sector will find some struggling behemoths who are watching the old world disrupted by newer (and often lower-margin) communication alternatives. The smaller players have seen a lift in 2017 on hopes of a buyout, but pain at the two top dogs that command over $400 billion in collective stock-market value makes any modest gains by smaller-tier stocks little more than a rounding error in the performance of the broader market. The Vanguard Telecommunication Services ETF VOX, +0.12%  has fallen 4.4% so far this year. Largest components: •AT&T T, -0.18% $240 billion market cap, down 8.9% •Verizon Communications VZ, -0.24% $190 billion market cap, down 12.9% •T-Mobile US TMUS, -0.39% $60 billion market cap, up 17% •Level 3 Communications LVLT, +0.08% $20 billion market cap, up 9.7% •CenturyLink CTL, +0.04% $15 billion market cap, up 8.4% More from MarketWatch Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way U.K. election: The worst, best and most likely scenarios for stocks worldwide Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Quote References AAPL -0.89 -0.57% FB +0.29 +0.19% VHT -0.20 -0.14% JNJ -0.04 -0.03% PFE -0.01 -0.05% MRK -0.57 -0.89% UNH -0.54 -0.29% AMGN +0.44 +0.27% VFH +0.44 +0.73% BRK.A +428.00 +0.17% BRK.B +0.16 +0.10% JPM +1.02 +1.22% WFC +0.25 +0.48% BAC +0.33 +1.46% C +0.77 +1.24% VCR -0.06 -0.04% AMZN -2.29 -0.23% CMCSA -0.61 -1.47% HD -0.55 -0.35% DIS -0.98 -0.93% MCD -0.40 -0.26% VIS +0.05 +0.04% GE +0.07 +0.25% MMM -0.44 -0.21% BA +0.07 +0.03% HON -0.28 -0.21% UTX -0.59 -0.49% VDC -0.44 -0.30% WMT +0.28 +0.35% PG -0.26 -0.29% KO -0.18 -0.40% PM -0.96 -0.78% PEP -0.58 -0.50% CLN7 -0.21 -0.46% VDE +0.00 +0.00% XOM -0.09 -0.11% CVX +0.20 +0.19% SLB +0.05 +0.07% COP -0.04 -0.09% EOG -0.01 -0.01% VPU -0.73 -0.62% NEE -0.83 -0.58% DUK -0.56 -0.65% D -0.72 -0.90% SO -0.29 -0.58% AEP -0.33 -0.45% VNQ -0.60 -0.72% SPG -0.63 -0.41% EQIX -3.74 -0.85% PSA -1.36 -0.65% PLD -0.64 -1.13% AVB -1.10 -0.56% VAW +0.13 +0.11% DOW -0.12 -0.19% DD +0.01 +0.01% MON -0.02 -0.02% PX -1.03 -0.77% ECL -0.73 -0.55% VOX +0.12 +0.12% T -0.07 -0.18% VZ -0.11 -0.24% TMUS -0.26 -0.39% LVLT +0.05 +0.08% CTL +0.01 +0.04% Show all references Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.48 -0.89 (-0.57%) Volume 2.7M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.17 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.1B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $153.41 +0.29 (+0.19%) Volume 2.1M Open $154.08 High $154.50 Low $153.25 P/E Ratio 40.77 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 443.7B Vanguard Health Care ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VHT $143.06 -0.20 (-0.14%) Volume 90054 Open $143.25 High $143.45 Low $143.06 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.24 Market Cap N/A Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $130.71 -0.04 (-0.03%) Volume 633.3K Open $131.00 High $131.40 Low $130.65 P/E Ratio 22.02 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 352.2B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $31.99 -0.01 (-0.05%) Volume 2.8M Open $32.06 High $32.10 Low $31.97 P/E Ratio 27.01 Div Yield 4 Market Cap 191.0B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.49 -0.57 (-0.89%) Volume 1.0M Open $64.24 High $64.25 Low $63.48 P/E Ratio 41.14 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 175.2B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $182.67 -0.54 (-0.29%) Volume 216.8K Open $183.34 High $183.76 Low $182.62 P/E Ratio 22.81 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 176.6B Amgen Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMGN $162.10 +0.44 (+0.27%) Volume 241.8K Open $161.98 High $162.30 Low $161.41 P/E Ratio 15.35 Div Yield 2.85 Market Cap 119.0B Vanguard Financials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VFH $60.32 +0.44 (+0.73%) Volume 31145 Open $59.90 High $60.38 Low $59.84 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.98 Market Cap N/A Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: BRK.A $250,049.00 +428.00 (+0.17%) Volume 35 Open $249,500 High $250,200 Low $249,500 P/E Ratio 18.23 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 410.7B Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: BRK.B $166.66 +0.16 (+0.10%) Volume 336.6K Open $166.35 High $166.75 Low $166.23 P/E Ratio 18.23 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 410.7B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $84.93 +1.02 (+1.22%) Volume 1.3M Open $83.91 High $85.06 Low $83.89 P/E Ratio 12.99 Div Yield 2.37 Market Cap 298.1B Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $52.34 +0.25 (+0.48%) Volume 1.8M Open $52.00 High $52.49 Low $51.88 P/E Ratio 13.02 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 260.3B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.93 +0.33 (+1.46%) Volume 6.5M Open $22.62 High $23.00 Low $22.60 P/E Ratio 14.37 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 224.9B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $62.65 +0.77 (+1.24%) Volume 1.3M Open $61.84 High $62.74 Low $61.72 P/E Ratio 12.48 Div Yield 1.03 Market Cap 170.4B Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VCR $143.79 -0.06 (-0.04%) Volume 3507 Open $143.95 High $144.20 Low $143.40 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.15 Market Cap N/A Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,007.78 -2.29 (-0.23%) Volume 421.0K Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 189.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B Comcast Corp. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: CMCSA $41.28 -0.61 (-1.47%) Volume 1.5M Open $41.81 High $41.90 Low $41.25 P/E Ratio 22.16 Div Yield 1.51 Market Cap 198.6B Home Depot Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HD $154.41 -0.55 (-0.35%) Volume 288.5K Open $155.16 High $155.23 Low $154.35 P/E Ratio 23.16 Div Yield 2.3 Market Cap 185.3B Walt Disney Co. U.S.: NYSE: DIS $104.94 -0.98 (-0.93%) Volume 583.6K Open $105.47 High $105.56 Low $104.93 P/E Ratio 18.33 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 167.5B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $151.54 -0.40 (-0.26%) Volume 248.0K Open $152.00 High $152.15 Low $151.51 P/E Ratio 26.86 Div Yield 2.47 Market Cap 123.8B Vanguard Industrials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VIS $127.10 +0.05 (+0.04%) Volume 2893 Open $127.12 High $127.27 Low $127.05 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.71 Market Cap N/A General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $27.75 +0.07 (+0.25%) Volume 2.5M Open $27.66 High $27.82 Low $27.59 P/E Ratio 25.51 Div Yield 3.47 Market Cap 241.1B 3M Co. U.S.: NYSE: MMM $204.57 -0.44 (-0.21%) Volume 125.6K Open $204.84 High $205.24 Low $204.53 P/E Ratio 24.81 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 122.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $188.17 +0.07 (+0.03%) Volume 183.6K Open $188.10 High $188.64 Low $187.70 P/E Ratio 23.01 Div Yield 3.03 Market Cap 113.5B Honeywell International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HON $132.44 -0.28 (-0.21%) Volume 145.8K Open $132.33 High $133.27 Low $132.15 P/E Ratio 21.03 Div Yield 2 Market Cap 101.2B United Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UTX $119.19 -0.59 (-0.49%) Volume 237.8K Open $119.30 High $119.69 Low $119.10 P/E Ratio 18.62 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 96.0B Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VDC $146.13 -0.44 (-0.30%) Volume 4001 Open $146.48 High $146.48 Low $146.13 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.28 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.43 +0.28 (+0.35%) Volume 833.4K Open $79.58 High $80.13 Low $79.42 P/E Ratio 18.08 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 238.6B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $88.51 -0.26 (-0.29%) Volume 541.0K Open $88.58 High $88.80 Low $88.42 P/E Ratio 25.23 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 227.0B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $45.33 -0.18 (-0.40%) Volume 1.0M Open $45.39 High $45.51 Low $45.28 P/E Ratio 31.78 Div Yield 3.26 Market Cap 194.4B Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PM $121.34 -0.96 (-0.78%) Volume 318.4K Open $121.85 High $122.00 Low $120.98 P/E Ratio 26.9 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 189.9B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $116.47 -0.58 (-0.50%) Volume 287.5K Open $116.86 High $117.08 Low $116.28 P/E Ratio 25.19 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 167.2B Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $45.51 -0.21 (-0.46%) Volume 369.4K Open $45.85 High $46.18 Low $45.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Vanguard Energy ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VDE $88.73 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 145.8K Open $88.33 High $89.06 Low $88.33 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.65 Market Cap N/A Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: XOM $80.82 -0.09 (-0.11%) Volume 947.3K Open $80.51 High $81.08 Low $80.49 P/E Ratio 33.8 Div Yield 3.81 Market Cap 342.8B Chevron Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVX $103.97 +0.20 (+0.19%) Volume 473.2K Open $103.44 High $104.21 Low $103.44 P/E Ratio 67.8 Div Yield 4.17 Market Cap 196.6B Schlumberger Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: SLB $68.72 +0.05 (+0.07%) Volume 492.9K Open $68.37 High $69.11 Low $68.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.91 Market Cap 95.4B ConocoPhillips U.S.: NYSE: COP $43.52 -0.04 (-0.09%) Volume 663.7K Open $43.26 High $43.85 Low $43.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 53.9B EOG Resources Inc. U.S.: NYSE: EOG $88.14 -0.01 (-0.01%) Volume 310.1K Open $87.63 High $88.75 Low $87.63 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.76 Market Cap 50.9B Vanguard Utilities ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VPU $117.87 -0.73 (-0.62%) Volume 7037 Open $118.51 High $118.51 Low $117.87 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap N/A NextEra Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: NEE $141.75 -0.83 (-0.58%) Volume 151.7K Open $142.58 High $142.58 Low $141.64 P/E Ratio 17.29 Div Yield 2.77 Market Cap 66.8B Duke Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DUK $85.53 -0.56 (-0.65%) Volume 161.3K Open $85.98 High $86.02 Low $85.25 P/E Ratio 27.34 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 60.3B Dominion Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: D $79.74 -0.72 (-0.90%) Volume 174.2K Open $80.37 High $80.43 Low $79.72 P/E Ratio 22.44 Div Yield 3.77 Market Cap 50.6B Southern Co. U.S.: NYSE: SO $50.72 -0.29 (-0.58%) Volume 253.7K Open $50.90 High $50.90 Low $50.68 P/E Ratio 19.03 Div Yield 4.57 Market Cap 50.7B American Electric Power Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AEP $72.29 -0.33 (-0.45%) Volume 162.8K Open $72.65 High $72.65 Low $72.15 P/E Ratio 50.68 Div Yield 3.26 Market Cap 35.7B Vanguard REIT ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VNQ $82.69 -0.60 (-0.72%) Volume 222.7K Open $83.32 High $83.32 Low $82.65 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap N/A Simon Property Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SPG $154.64 -0.63 (-0.41%) Volume 87541 Open $155.32 High $156.54 Low $154.19 P/E Ratio 27.3 Div Yield 4.54 Market Cap 48.5B Equinix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: EQIX $436.95 -3.74 (-0.85%) Volume 19802 Open $441.75 High $441.87 Low $436.51 P/E Ratio 160.03 Div Yield 1.82 Market Cap 34.3B Public Storage U.S.: NYSE: PSA $208.51 -1.36 (-0.65%) Volume 115.5K Open $210.00 High $210.48 Low $208.23 P/E Ratio 29.79 Div Yield 3.81 Market Cap 36.5B Prologis Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PLD $56.12 -0.64 (-1.13%) Volume 114.4K Open $56.66 High $56.80 Low $56.11 P/E Ratio 25.22 Div Yield 3.12 Market Cap 30.1B Avalonbay Communities Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AVB $193.64 -1.10 (-0.56%) Volume 31233 Open $195.18 High $195.18 Low $193.64 P/E Ratio 25.88 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 26.8B Vanguard Materials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VAW $121.07 +0.13 (+0.11%) Volume 3348 Open $120.92 High $121.07 Low $120.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.67 Market Cap N/A Dow Chemical Co. U.S.: NYSE: DOW $63.86 -0.12 (-0.19%) Volume 220.4K Open $63.79 High $64.06 Low $63.79 P/E Ratio 17.26 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 78.2B E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. U.S.: NYSE: DD $81.36 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 118.8K Open $81.35 High $81.52 Low $81.18 P/E Ratio 29.69 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 70.5B Monsanto Co. U.S.: NYSE: MON $117.73 -0.02 (-0.02%) Volume 88191 Open $117.70 High $117.87 Low $117.68 P/E Ratio 27.09 Div Yield 1.83 Market Cap 51.7B Praxair Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PX $132.05 -1.03 (-0.77%) Volume 88540 Open $132.64 High $133.14 Low $131.99 P/E Ratio 24.81 Div Yield 2.38 Market Cap 38.0B Ecolab Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ECL $132.79 -0.73 (-0.55%) Volume 51101 Open $133.40 High $133.60 Low $132.79 P/E Ratio 31.42 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 38.7B Vanguard Telecommunication Services ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VOX $95.04 +0.12 (+0.12%) Volume 2839 Open $95.00 High $95.04 Low $94.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.41 Market Cap N/A AT&T Inc. U.S.: NYSE: T $38.69 -0.07 (-0.18%) Volume 1.4M Open $38.81 High $38.84 Low $38.65 P/E Ratio 18.97 Div Yield 5.06 Market Cap 238.3B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $46.39 -0.11 (-0.24%) Volume 864.3K Open $46.50 High $46.56 Low $46.39 P/E Ratio 15.48 Div Yield 4.97 Market Cap 189.7B T-Mobile US Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TMUS $65.66 -0.26 (-0.39%) Volume 96811 Open $66.04 High $66.25 Low $65.66 P/E Ratio 34.57 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 54.8B Level 3 Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LVLT $62.06 +0.05 (+0.08%) Volume 63403 Open $62.05 High $62.23 Low $61.83 P/E Ratio 35.3 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 22.4B CenturyLink Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CTL $25.80 +0.01 (+0.04%) Volume 370.3K Open $25.80 High $25.94 Low $25.70 P/E Ratio 25.25 Div Yield 8.39 Market Cap 14.2B
June 8, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest YouTube RSS Follow Us Chestertown Spy An e-newspaper for Chestertown Maryland Home About The Chestertown Spy Contact Us Advertising & Underwriting Advertising Terms & Conditions Editors & Writers Board of Advisors Dedication & Acknowledgements Code of Ethics Terms of Use Technical FAQ Privacy Arts Food/Culture Ecosystem Education Health Local Life News P.O.V. Recovery Senior Nation You are here: Home / Archives / It’s the Last Picture Show at Chester 5 Theatres It’s the Last Picture Show at Chester 5 Theatres June 5, 2017 by Peter Heck 5 Comments The Chester 5 Theatres movie complex is closing. The Chester 5 Theatres at Washington Square shopping center in Chestertown closed after the final showing Sunday, June 4. The last show was Sunday night, June 4, according to an email to the Spy from a movie-goer who learned of the closing while at the theater. The films on display the final weekend were “Captain Underpants,” “Wonder Woman,” “Pirates of the Caribbean,” “Baywatch” and “Guardians of the Galaxy.” Manager Charlene Fowler, who has been at the theater 18 years, confirmed the closing in a phone call Monday morning. She said business has “dropped off” over the last five years, and the theater was no longer able to turn a profit. Asked what factors contributed to the downturn in business, Fowler said, “Middletown kind of hurt us.” She said the Westown Movies in Middletown has “more up-to-date” facilities, including slanted seating that gives a clear view of the screen from all seats. Also, she said, the Middletown theater has alcohol sales, which Chester 5 could not compete with. She also cited the presence of restaurants and shopping facilities in Middletown as factors that drew possible viewers away from Chestertown. “We had our regulars, but we didn’t draw from a very big crowd,” Fowler said. The comparatively small population of Kent County, along with a small number of the younger families who are typically the audience film makers aim their product toward, undoubtedly had an effect on the theater’s ability to draw. With Washington College between sessions, the timing of the closure is not surprising, either. Alexander, the movie-goer who told the Spy of the closing, said he and his wife were planning to attend the movies on Monday, because they enjoyed the free popcorn that was the theater’s promotion. But checking the website, they saw movie times listed only through Sunday. They decided to go on Saturday. While picking up their tickets, he joked with Fowler that the theater must be closing. She told him she had a meeting with the owners the next morning. Hearing that, the couple decided to return Sunday to see another film they were interested in. After that film, Fowler told them the theater was closing. She said the mall owner was not interested in bringing in another theater to replace it. Posters for two of the movies shown on the final weekend. Chester 5 Theatres were a division of P&G Theaters, which also owns the Essex 5 Theatres in Tappahannock, Va. There was no answer to a call to the number listed for the theater manager, but the recorded message listed showings through Thursday, with features much the same as at the Chester 5 Theaters. Fowler said she had seen declining sales at the theater since its conversion to digital technology about five years ago. She said she wasn’t sure whether options such as Netflix and cable TV movie channels were a factor in the drop in attendance. With the closing of the Chester 5 Theatres, the Westown Theater in Middletown is the closest movie venue to Chestertown, with theaters in Dover, Easton and Annapolis slightly farther away. Filed Under: Archives, Brevities, Portal Highlights ← Kent & Queen Anne Soroptimists Picnic June 19 | Lost Dog Alert: Gus is Missing in Quaker Neck → Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Letters to Editor Melinda Bookwalter says: June 5, 2017 at 11:24 PM Oops, forgot my last name: Bring back the bats . . . . : – ( Reply Barbara in den Bosch says: June 6, 2017 at 9:12 AM So sorry! Thanks for keeping it open so long! Reply John Trently says: June 6, 2017 at 11:05 AM My wife and I are new comers to the Chestertown area, and we absolutely love the small town theater. We are very sorry to see it go. Reply Michael P. whitenight says: June 6, 2017 at 8:36 PM First the bowling alley now the theater. Cheap entertainment options are quickly disappearing. Reply Martin Hersey says: June 7, 2017 at 2:43 AM I’m glad this theater is closing. It was a dirty, smelly, gloomy place. The movies they showed were uninteresting. People who parked there threw garbage out of their cars onto the grass. Reply Write a Letter to the Editor on this Article We encourage readers to offer their point of view on this article by submitting the following form. Editing is sometimes necessary and is done at the discretion of the editorial staff. The Chestertown Spy The Talbot Spy Top Stories Portal Highlight – Best of the Spy News Point of View Arts Culture Ecosystem Education Health Local Life Shore Recovery Spy Senior Nation About Subscribe Contact Us Advertising & Underwriting Return to top of page Copyright © 2017 · Spy Publications on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Arun Patil Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market Report 2017: Market Share, Product Types and Applications Forecast 2022 The Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits market report includes a comprehensive analysis of the present state of the market. The report starts with the basic Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits industry overview and then goes into each and every detail. In this report, the global Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits market overview, which is the beginning of the report consists of various factors such as definitions, applications, and classifications of the Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits. Industry chain structure, industry news analysis, and industry policy analysis are also covered in the industry overview section of the market research report. Access Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/10401134 The manufacturing cost structure analysis section, which follows the industry overview section, provides a detailed study on manufacturing cost structure and processes analysis, raw material suppliers and price analysis, equipment suppliers and price analysis, labor cost, and other cost analysis of the Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits market. In-depth analysis of the company profiles and competitive strategies offered in the Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits market research report Top Manufacturers Mentioned In Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market report are: Abbott Laboratories, DCC,Procter & Gamble, SPD Swiss Precision Diagnostic, Quidel and more. Regions covered in the Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market report include: North America, China, Europe, Japan, India and Southeast Asia. Get a Sample of Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market research report from https://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10401134 Further in the Plasmid Sales Market research report, following points Production, Sales and Revenue, Supply and Consumption and other analysis are included along with in-depth research. Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market Product Types include: Line-indicator Devices, Digital Devices along with Applications that include: Hospital and Clinic, Home Use The Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits industry research report analyses the supply, sales, production, and market status comprehensively. Production market shares and sales market shares are analysed along with the study of capacity, production, sales, and revenue. Several other factors such as import, export, gross margin, price, cost, and consumption are also analysed under the section Analysis of Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits production, supply, sales and market status. In the end, Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits market report is a treasured source for both the individuals as well as the businesses as it provides detailed SWOT analysis along with the new project investments feasibility study. Get Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10401134     CategoriesGoogle News, Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Industry, Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Industry growth, Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market, Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market analysis, Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market Growth, Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market shares, Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market size, Pregnancy Rapid Test Kits Market Trends, satPRnews TagsBusiness Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Prefillable Syringes Market Forecast to 2022: Top Companies, Trends & Growth Factors and Detail Research for Business Development Next PostNext Pregnancy Test Meter Market Report 2017: Market Share, Product Types and Applications Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Arun Patil Prescription Cat Food Market Research Report 2022: Competitive Landscape with Research Findings and Data Source The Prescription Cat Food market report includes a comprehensive analysis of the present state of the market. The report starts with the basic Prescription Cat Food industry overview and then goes into each and every detail. In this report, the global Prescription Cat Food market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Prescription Cat Food market overview, which is the beginning of the report consists of various factors such as definitions, applications, and classifications of the Prescription Cat Food. Industry chain structure, industry news analysis, and industry policy analysis are also covered in the industry overview section of the market research report. Access Prescription Cat Food Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/10382724 The manufacturing cost structure analysis section, which follows the industry overview section, provides a detailed study on manufacturing cost structure and processes analysis, raw material suppliers and price analysis, equipment suppliers and price analysis, labor cost, and other cost analysis of the Prescription Cat Food market. In-depth analysis of the company profiles and competitive strategies offered in the Prescription Cat Food market research report Top Manufacturers Mentioned In Prescription Cat Food Market report are: Mars Petcare, Nestle Purina, Hill’s Pet Nutrition (Colgate-Palmolive ), Procter & Gamble, Diamond pet foods and more. Regions covered in the Prescription Cat Food Market report include: North America, China, Europe, Japan, India and Southeast Asia. Get a Sample of Prescription Cat Food Market research report from https://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10382724 Further in the Plasmid Sales Market research report, following points Production, Sales and Revenue, Supply and Consumption and other analysis are included along with in-depth research. Prescription Cat Food Market Product Types include: Weight Management, Digestive Care, Skin and Food Allergies, Kindney Care, Liver Health, Diabetes, Illness and Surgery Recovery Support, Joint Support along with Applications that include: Kitten, Adult, Senior. The Prescription Cat Food industry research report analyses the supply, sales, production, and market status comprehensively. Production market shares and sales market shares are analysed along with the study of capacity, production, sales, and revenue. Several other factors such as import, export, gross margin, price, cost, and consumption are also analysed under the section Analysis of Prescription Cat Food production, supply, sales and market status. In the end, Prescription Cat Food market report is a treasured source for both the individuals as well as the businesses as it provides detailed SWOT analysis along with the new project investments feasibility study. Get Prescription Cat Food Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10382724     CategoriesGoogle News, Prescription Cat Food Industry growth, Prescription Cat Food Market shares, Prescription Cat Food Market trends, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Prescription Cat Food Industry, Prescription Cat Food Market, Prescription Cat Food Market Analysis, Prescription Cat Food Market Growth, Prescription Cat Food Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aluminum Rolled Products Market Analysis, Growth by Top Companies, Trends by Types and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Next PostNext United States Fish Products Market Scope, Applications and Regional Analysis 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Arun Patil Prescription Dog Food Market Analysis 2022: Latest Trends, Top Manufactures and Business Opportunities The Prescription Dog Food market report includes a comprehensive analysis of the present state of the market. The report starts with the basic Prescription Dog Food industry overview and then goes into each and every detail. In this report, the global Prescription Dog Food market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Prescription Dog Food market overview, which is the beginning of the report consists of various factors such as definitions, applications, and classifications of the Prescription Dog Food. Industry chain structure, industry news analysis, and industry policy analysis are also covered in the industry overview section of the market research report. Access Prescription Dog Food Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/10382725 The manufacturing cost structure analysis section, which follows the industry overview section, provides a detailed study on manufacturing cost structure and processes analysis, raw material suppliers and price analysis, equipment suppliers and price analysis, labor cost, and other cost analysis of the Prescription Dog Food market. In-depth analysis of the company profiles and competitive strategies offered in the Prescription Dog Food market research report Top Manufacturers Mentioned In Prescription Dog Food Market report are: Mars Petcare ,Nestle Purina, Hill’s Pet Nutrition (Colgate-Palmolive ), Procter & Gamble, Diamond pet foods and more. Regions covered in the Prescription Dog Food Market report include: North America, China, Europe, Japan, India and Southeast Asia. Get a Sample of Prescription Dog Food Market research report from https://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10382725 Further in the Plasmid Sales Market research report, following points Production, Sales and Revenue, Supply and Consumption and other analysis are included along with in-depth research. Prescription Dog Food Market Product Types include: Weight Management, Digestive Care, Skin and Food Allergies, Urinary Health, Liver Health, Diabetes, Illness and Surgery Recovery Support, Joint Support along with Applications that include: Senior, Adult, Puppy The Prescription Dog Food industry research report analyses the supply, sales, production, and market status comprehensively. Production market shares and sales market shares are analysed along with the study of capacity, production, sales, and revenue. Several other factors such as import, export, gross margin, price, cost, and consumption are also analysed under the section Analysis of Prescription Dog Food production, supply, sales and market status. In the end, Prescription Dog Food market report is a treasured source for both the individuals as well as the businesses as it provides detailed SWOT analysis along with the new project investments feasibility study. Get Prescription Dog Food Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10382725     CategoriesGoogle News, Prescription Dog Food Industry growth, Prescription Dog Food market analysis, Prescription Dog Food Market growth, Prescription Dog Food Market shares, Prescription Dog Food Market trends, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Prescription Dog Food Industry, Prescription Dog Food market, Prescription Dog Food Market size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EMEA Cycling Jackets Market Status and Prospect, 2017-2022 Next PostNext Global Matrix Board Market: Dynamics, Segments, Size and Demand, 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Arun Patil Global Prescription Pet Food Market Forecast to 2022: Top Companies, Trends & Growth Factors and Detail Research for Business Development The Prescription Pet Food market report includes a comprehensive analysis of the present state of the market. The report starts with the basic Prescription Pet Food industry overview and then goes into each and every detail. In this report, the global Prescription Pet Food market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Prescription Pet Food market overview, which is the beginning of the report consists of various factors such as definitions, applications, and classifications of the Prescription Pet Food. Industry chain structure, industry news analysis, and industry policy analysis are also covered in the industry overview section of the market research report. Access Prescription Pet Food Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/10382726 The manufacturing cost structure analysis section, which follows the industry overview section, provides a detailed study on manufacturing cost structure and processes analysis, raw material suppliers and price analysis, equipment suppliers and price analysis, labor cost, and other cost analysis of the Prescription Pet Food market. In-depth analysis of the company profiles and competitive strategies offered in the Prescription Pet Food market research report Top Manufacturers Mentioned In Prescription Pet Food Market report are: Mars Petcare, Nestle Purina, Hill’s Pet Nutrition (Colgate-Palmolive ), Procter & Gamble, Diamond pet foods and more. Regions covered in the Prescription Pet Food Market report include: North America, China, Europe, Japan, India and Southeast Asia. Get a Sample of Prescription Pet Food Market research report from https://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10382726 Further in the Plasmid Sales Market research report, following points Production, Sales and Revenue, Supply and Consumption and other analysis are included along with in-depth research. Prescription Pet Food Market Product Types include: Weight Management, Digestive Care,Skin and Food Allergies, Kindney Care, Urinary Health, Liver Health, Diabetes, Illness and Surgery Recovery Support, Joint Support along with Applications that include: Dog, Cat The Prescription Pet Food industry research report analyses the supply, sales, production, and market status comprehensively. Production market shares and sales market shares are analysed along with the study of capacity, production, sales, and revenue. Several other factors such as import, export, gross margin, price, cost, and consumption are also analysed under the section Analysis of Prescription Pet Food production, supply, sales and market status. In the end, Prescription Pet Food market report is a treasured source for both the individuals as well as the businesses as it provides detailed SWOT analysis along with the new project investments feasibility study. Get Prescription Pet Food Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10382726     CategoriesGoogle News, Prescription Pet Food Industry growth, Prescription Pet Food Market analysis, Prescription Pet Food Market growth, Prescription Pet Food Market shares, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Prescription Pet Food Industry, Prescription Pet Food Market, Prescription Pet Food Market Size, Prescription Pet Food Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Development Kits Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2021 Next PostNext Pressure Monitoring Devices Market Report 2017: Market Share, Product Types and Applications Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
June 8, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest YouTube RSS Follow Us Chestertown Spy An e-newspaper for Chestertown Maryland Home About The Chestertown Spy Contact Us Advertising & Underwriting Advertising Terms & Conditions Editors & Writers Board of Advisors Dedication & Acknowledgements Code of Ethics Terms of Use Technical FAQ Privacy Arts Food/Culture Ecosystem Education Health Local Life News P.O.V. Recovery Senior Nation You are here: Home / Archives / It’s the Last Picture Show at Chester 5 Theatres It’s the Last Picture Show at Chester 5 Theatres June 5, 2017 by Peter Heck 5 Comments The Chester 5 Theatres movie complex is closing. The Chester 5 Theatres at Washington Square shopping center in Chestertown closed after the final showing Sunday, June 4. The last show was Sunday night, June 4, according to an email to the Spy from a movie-goer who learned of the closing while at the theater. The films on display the final weekend were “Captain Underpants,” “Wonder Woman,” “Pirates of the Caribbean,” “Baywatch” and “Guardians of the Galaxy.” Manager Charlene Fowler, who has been at the theater 18 years, confirmed the closing in a phone call Monday morning. She said business has “dropped off” over the last five years, and the theater was no longer able to turn a profit. Asked what factors contributed to the downturn in business, Fowler said, “Middletown kind of hurt us.” She said the Westown Movies in Middletown has “more up-to-date” facilities, including slanted seating that gives a clear view of the screen from all seats. Also, she said, the Middletown theater has alcohol sales, which Chester 5 could not compete with. She also cited the presence of restaurants and shopping facilities in Middletown as factors that drew possible viewers away from Chestertown. “We had our regulars, but we didn’t draw from a very big crowd,” Fowler said. The comparatively small population of Kent County, along with a small number of the younger families who are typically the audience film makers aim their product toward, undoubtedly had an effect on the theater’s ability to draw. With Washington College between sessions, the timing of the closure is not surprising, either. Alexander, the movie-goer who told the Spy of the closing, said he and his wife were planning to attend the movies on Monday, because they enjoyed the free popcorn that was the theater’s promotion. But checking the website, they saw movie times listed only through Sunday. They decided to go on Saturday. While picking up their tickets, he joked with Fowler that the theater must be closing. She told him she had a meeting with the owners the next morning. Hearing that, the couple decided to return Sunday to see another film they were interested in. After that film, Fowler told them the theater was closing. She said the mall owner was not interested in bringing in another theater to replace it. Posters for two of the movies shown on the final weekend. Chester 5 Theatres were a division of P&G Theaters, which also owns the Essex 5 Theatres in Tappahannock, Va. There was no answer to a call to the number listed for the theater manager, but the recorded message listed showings through Thursday, with features much the same as at the Chester 5 Theaters. Fowler said she had seen declining sales at the theater since its conversion to digital technology about five years ago. She said she wasn’t sure whether options such as Netflix and cable TV movie channels were a factor in the drop in attendance. With the closing of the Chester 5 Theatres, the Westown Theater in Middletown is the closest movie venue to Chestertown, with theaters in Dover, Easton and Annapolis slightly farther away. Filed Under: Archives, Brevities, Portal Highlights ← Kent & Queen Anne Soroptimists Picnic June 19 | Lost Dog Alert: Gus is Missing in Quaker Neck → Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Letters to Editor Melinda Bookwalter says: June 5, 2017 at 11:24 PM Oops, forgot my last name: Bring back the bats . . . . : – ( Reply Barbara in den Bosch says: June 6, 2017 at 9:12 AM So sorry! Thanks for keeping it open so long! Reply John Trently says: June 6, 2017 at 11:05 AM My wife and I are new comers to the Chestertown area, and we absolutely love the small town theater. We are very sorry to see it go. Reply Michael P. whitenight says: June 6, 2017 at 8:36 PM First the bowling alley now the theater. Cheap entertainment options are quickly disappearing. Reply Martin Hersey says: June 7, 2017 at 2:43 AM I’m glad this theater is closing. It was a dirty, smelly, gloomy place. The movies they showed were uninteresting. People who parked there threw garbage out of their cars onto the grass. Reply Write a Letter to the Editor on this Article We encourage readers to offer their point of view on this article by submitting the following form. Editing is sometimes necessary and is done at the discretion of the editorial staff. The Chestertown Spy The Talbot Spy Top Stories Portal Highlight – Best of the Spy News Point of View Arts Culture Ecosystem Education Health Local Life Shore Recovery Spy Senior Nation About Subscribe Contact Us Advertising & Underwriting Return to top of page Copyright © 2017 · Spy Publications on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Hair and Body Mist Market 2016 Size, Trends, Growth, Analysis and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Hair and Body Mist Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 05, 2017 ) The global hair and body mist market will grow at a gradual rate over the forecast period. Although the market will be affected by a slowdown in demand in key countries like the US, Germany, the UK, France, Italy, Spain, and Japan as they near maturity, this will be offset by a strengthening of demand in developing countries such as Brazil, India, Malaysia, and China. The growth potential is higher in these emerging markets because of the increasing purchasing power of their growing middle-class population and high population density. More than one-and-a-half billion people in APAC will enter the middle-income class over the next ten years. Consumer purchasing power in the region is also increasing because of the rise in personal disposable income, which is growing at a rate much higher than that of developed countries. In 2015, personal annual disposable income increased by 7.01% in China and 8.61% in India, whereas it grew by 2.07% in Germany and 1.29% in France. Publisher's analysts forecast the global hair and body mist market to grow at a CAGR of 7.92% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-hair-and-body-mist-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global hair and body mist market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the retail and salon sales of hair and body mist products to individual customers in the global market. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - Europe - MEA Publisher's report, Global Hair and Body Mist Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Chanel - Estée Lauder - L Brands - L'Oréal - LVMH - Shiseido Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001386129/sample Other prominent vendors - Amway - Avon Products - Burberry - Cadiveu Professional USA - Chatters Canada - Combe - Conair - Coty - Edgewell Personal Care - Henkel - Godrej Consumer Products - Helen of Troy - Johnson & Johnson - Kao - Marchesa - Mary Kay - O Boticário - Procter & Gamble - Revlon - Tom's of Maine - Unilever - World Hair Cosmetics Market driver - Rise in demand for private-label and niche brands - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Global beauty brands losing shelf space in up-market department stores - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Increase in demand for hair perfumes as hair styling products - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001386129/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016 Size, Trends, Growth, Analysis and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Baby Laundry Detergent Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 05, 2017 ) Baby laundry detergent liquids accounted for the largest share of the market in 2015 and will continue to maintain their position during the forecast period. The rising penetration of washing machines in developing countries is one of the major drivers of the surge in demand for baby laundry detergent liquids. In terms of the sales of washing machines, the primary markets worldwide are China, India, the US, Brazil, and Indonesia. In 2014, nearly 78% of Chinese consumers had access to washing machines. Publisher's analysts forecast the global baby laundry detergent market to grow at a CAGR of 4.47% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-baby-laundry-detergent-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global baby laundry detergent market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of liquid detergents, powder detergents, and tablet detergents. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Chicco - Church & Dwight - Henkel - Pigeon - P&G Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001386124/sample Other prominent vendors - Babyganics - Biokleen - Dapple - Earth's Best - Eco Sprout - Eco-Me - Grab Green - GreenShield Organic - Seventh Generation - Sonett - Tandi's Naturals - The Honest Company - Dropps - Earth Friendly Products Market driver - Launch of products suitable for baby skin - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Shorter shelf life of organic baby detergents - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Rise in sales of baby care products through online stores - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001386124/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Follow Slashdot stories on Twitter   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's now on IFTTT. Check it out! Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 Internet speed test! × 91599711 story Steve Ballmer Says Tech Firms Should Be As Accountable As NBA Teams (backchannel.com) 120 Posted by BeauHD on Tuesday June 06, 2017 @10:05PM from the show-me-the-money dept. New submitter mirandakatz writes: Steve Ballmer has worn many hats -- as the CEO of Microsoft and the owner of the LA Clippers, to start -- and his latest endeavor, launched earlier this year, is a comprehensive trove of government statistics called USA Facts. Ballmer recently sat down with Backchannel's Steven Levy to discuss publishing government information, owning the Clippers, why he bought stock in Twitter, and what tech can learn from the world of professional sports: "There's no hiding in sports. How well you're doing is all entirely transparent, and there's no way to talk yourself out of a jam, or confuse yourself. It's hardcore -- you either win or you lose. Your season's over, or it's not over. It's just binary. It's the highest accountability thing in the world. In basketball, every human on the planet can evaluate your performance. All the analytics are available. Everybody can watch all your games or write about it -- the columnist knows absolutely everything that the general manager knows. Everything. Your individual human performance can get reviewed in a way that never happens in business. And every 24 seconds, I can tell you how good our teamwork is. That's high accountability." In response to a question asking if a tech company should publish everyone's salary and be transparent to the press, Ballmer replied: "I only worked at one tech company, but I would say, the opportunity to improve accountability in the tech industry is not insubstantial. It's different than Procter & Gamble, which got to show good soap sales every quarter. Some companies making money right now say they're investing for the future. Where's the accountability? You can say, 'Well, the ultimate accountability's the stock price.' It sort of is, but it sort of isn't. You can talk your stock price up. But you can't talk up wins and losses." business microsoft technology ← You may like to read: → Malware Uses Router LEDs To Steal Data From Secure Networks Silicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win Twitters Says It Will Ban Trump If He Breaks Hate-Speech Rules Twitter Suspends American Far-Right Activists' Accounts Former Engineer Says Uber Is a Nightmare of Sexism; CEO Orders Urgent Investigation When Their Shifts End, Uber Drivers Set Up Camp in Parking Lots Across the US Submission: Steve Ballmer Says Tech Firms Should Be as Accountable as NBA Teams Hyperloop One Reveals Its Plans For Connecting Europe Steve Ballmer Says Tech Firms Should Be As Accountable As NBA Teams More | Reply Login Steve Ballmer Says Tech Firms Should Be As Accountable As NBA Teams Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 120 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. He's right. (Score:2, Interesting) by sconeu ( 64226 ) writes: And oddly, while I depised him at MS, I kind of like him as the owner of the Clips. Seems to be an "everyman" type owner. Similar to Cuban. Re: (Score:2) by DivineKnight ( 3763507 ) writes: Why, when they're getting all this free exposure? Re: (Score:2) by freudigst ( 1778168 ) writes: As he rides the team's fortunes further into the ground... No he's not, he's fundamentally wrong (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: Wins and losses in a sports league are literally a zero-sum game. For you to win, someone else has to lose. That's not true in business and economics in general - it's not a zero-sum game (which is the fundamental failing of Marx, btw...). When you buy something, both you and the seller tend to think they "won". You got what you wanted at a price you were willing to pay, and they got the amount of money they wanted for what they sold you. Re: (Score:2) by 0100010001010011 ( 652467 ) writes: Only in the context of teams playing each other. For owners of teams that get the city to pay for their stadium it's usually the city and tax base that loses out. I've seen a lot of hand waving on the math on how it 'pays for itself' but if that was really the case then the owners should build and buy their own stadiums. How many cities are still paying for the 'old' stadium? Re: (Score:2) by gnick ( 1211984 ) writes: Wins and losses in a sports league are literally a zero-sum game. For you to win, someone else has to lose. That depends on how you're defining wins and losses. The fan gets to watch a game for a price he was willing to pay and the players and various members of the organization earn wages at a rate they've agreed to. That's a win for both sides. Who cares who won the game? 2 replies beneath your current threshold. So Steve said this.. woop-te-doo (Score:4, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Tuesday June 06, 2017 @10:20PM (#54565223) Any [mb]illionaire can own a football team, basketball team or a villa in France. How utterly, utterly undemanding and uninspiring. So they win! So they lose! So what. Some billionaires do REAL things with their wealth for the benefit of mankind, like start their own space program, or fund cures for malaria or cancer. Till YOU do that, Steve, you're just another one of the bunch. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Ballmer Doesn't get it (Score:2, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: Ballmer has discovered big data. Great. However, he is prejudiced by a philosophy that in order for someone to win, others must lose. The Microsoft way is failing. There is a time to compete and a time to collaborate. While Steve is trying to compete, others have learned to collaborate without him. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:1) by geekmux ( 1040042 ) writes: Humans have a no-bullshit psychological need for entertainment. Depression is a real condition that can be life-threatening, and entertainment is part of any mental health maintenance plan. It's rather difficult for me to grasp what the fidget-spinner society of reality TV addicts defines as "entertainment" these days, since most of it is rather mindless and pointless, to include professional sports. The innocent fans that have lost their lives due to alcohol-fueled rioting after a game or match. The diehard fans who become so depressed due to sports gambling debts that they take their own lives. The players who have paid the ultimate price. Something as simple as meditation can be used to Re: (Score:2) by msauve ( 701917 ) writes: "Any [mb]illionaire can own a football team, basketball team or a villa in France." You're very naive about what a million dollars can buy. Re: (Score:3) by arglebargle_xiv ( 2212710 ) writes: The report omitted to mention that at the end of the interview he got up and started chanting "Salaries! Salaries! Salaries! Salaries!". His throwing a chair at the guy who brought him slightly too-warm Evian was also left out. I don't care who said it (Score:2) by war4peace ( 1628283 ) writes: Can we, for once, focus on what was said and whether it makes sense, rather than who said it? Anonymized quotes might fix that. Call it "accidental wisdom", if you will. Re: (Score:2) by EndlessNameless ( 673105 ) writes: That taxpayer money put equipment into orbit. And that service is cheaper than buying from ULA, who has been in the business for decades. So that means he is saving taxpayer money and developing his own vision for space... way, way better than anything Ballmer has done. 4 replies beneath your current threshold. Ballmer is such a mental midget (Score:2, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: Right place, right time, nothing more This guy has always been an idiot. The moron who laughed and scoffed at the iPhone. And now he reveres sports. Ugh. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by RabidReindeer ( 2625839 ) writes: I don't make crap. You can reveal how much I make if you want. Reveal management salaries instead. It is public record, ever read an annual report? Very true. They also have to disclose major shareholders (which are often management) and other big-price incentives such as option grants. Salary, after all, is commonly the smallest part of a top-level exec's income. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Would he have said that... (Score:5, Insightful) by hcs_$reboot ( 1536101 ) writes: on Tuesday June 06, 2017 @10:28PM (#54565269) ...when he was in charge? Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by war4peace ( 1628283 ) writes: Hence "replied" rather than "answered". As a coach, you can also throw a chair (Score:5, Insightful) by mykepredko ( 40154 ) writes: on Tuesday June 06, 2017 @10:35PM (#54565293) Homepage Where did Mr. Ballmer get the idea that he is so smart that people should listen to him? I'm thinking that this whole train of thought came about that just like a pro basketball coach a CEO can throw a chair so the two endeavours must be completely interrelated and you can transfer ideas & concepts between the two and they make complete sense. Over the years, I've heard of *many* ideas like this: - Business is like hunting, if you don't return with skins, you've failed - Business is like prostitution, you get fucked or you're the fucker - Business is like a parent, you coddle, worry, teach and it takes years to find out if you were successful I don't think Mr. Ballmer has ever appreciated how lucky he was to be at the right place at the right time - otherwise he'd just be some obnoxious nobody that people try to ignore. As it is, he's just a rich obnoxious nobody that people try to ignore. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Where did Mr. Ballmer get the idea that he is so smart that people should listen to him? Same place as Mr. Trump I guess. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: > Same place as Mr. Trump I guess. Ballmer made more money than Trump, but he was also a whole lot luckier and a good bit smarter, both pretty substantial advantages even in the world of billionaires. Trump has had to be a hardass his whole life to get success, and he thinks (rightly or wrongly, more likely wrongly) that he has practical advice for the middle and lower class. Still, he inspired Barack Obama and like a hundred million other success stories, and won the presidency despite a full court press 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3, Insightful) by Chris Katko ( 2923353 ) writes: So wait, from you, and other commenters, we're supposed to not value his opinion (without actually debating what he said) because you attack his authority. ... except... by the same logic, why should we be listening to you, over that of a billionaire, ex-CEO? Re: (Score:3) by war4peace ( 1628283 ) writes: I asked the same, further up. Maybe we should focus on what was said, rather than who said it. Re: (Score:3) by Falos ( 2905315 ) writes: Small minds discuss people. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Smaller minds discuss sports. Re: (Score:2) by war4peace ( 1628283 ) writes: Empty minds discuss on Slashdot :D Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Where did Mr. Ballmer get the idea that he is so smart that people should listen to him? It's not like he put out a press release. He was interviewed. That's where one person asks questions and the other answers them. That's what happened here. Nostalgia (Score:2) by Patent Lover ( 779809 ) writes: I just want to see that howler monkey impression video he did way back when. Not like an NBA season (Score:2) by Beeftopia ( 1846720 ) writes: Obviously, success is ultimately important, but in tech you gotta be willing to fail. Can't be afraid to fail. Technology is a very different endeavor than sports. Look at the striking difference in Nadella's response to the AI debacle Microsoft had some months ago: "Just under a year ago, Microsoft launched a Twitter bot by the name of Tay (officially, Tay.ai), in an attempt to advance how artificial intelligence communicates with humans in real time. Things took a vicious turn, though, when hackers and othe Re: (Score:2) by Sir Holo ( 531007 ) writes: Nadella: "Keep pushing, and know that I am with you ... (The) key is to keep learning and improving." -- Inc. [inc.com] Tay was about as technically sophisticated as Racter, a stand-alone chat-bot released in 1984 by Mindscape. It just remembered everything you typed to it, and randomly brought up things that you had mentioned before. It was basically ELIZA with a phrase-learning function. That was why Tay was so easily punked by internet pranksters. It was, like, a mere 30 years later, but the Microsoft "AI Team" simply 'phoned it in' (probably at 2400 baud), and Microsoft just shoveled it out the door like all of the ot 1 reply beneath your current threshold. I never understood why we put so much stock (Score:2) by rsilvergun ( 571051 ) writes: in the guy that used to take Bill to strip joints. translation (Score:2, Insightful) by nimbius ( 983462 ) writes: "I spend 20 years running a multibillion dollar company into the ground, but now that ive spent three years owning the Los Angeles Clippers im somehow unaccountably entitled to wax propetic on the moral and ethical turpitude of the cloth from which I was cut" Re: (Score:2) by cfalcon ( 779563 ) writes: You can't exclusively blame Ballmer, the toxicity of Microsoft's strategy was in full effect by the time he took charge, and even Bill Gates was pissed about it. Still, he didn't seem to do them many favors. The bigger problem with his comments is this: a basketball team can be a complete failure one year and a smashing success a couple years later. They still get a seat at the table. A basketball team that exclusively loses won't go out of business, and will instead be given preferential draft picks. Th translation: hypocrisy (Score:2) by bill_mcgonigle ( 4333 ) * writes: Here's the relevant excerpt from Ballmer's recent Freakonmics [freakonomics.com] interview: BALLMER: Hoopers, hoopers, hoopers. It's a little more, running a basketball team. I mean, I own a basketball team. I actually have people who run the basketball team, which is great. In the case of Microsoft, you are worrying every day about the future of the enterprise. Are you going to grow? You got 100,000 people who work for you - are they going to be stable in their jobs? There's no question: a basketball team is not going out of How to become a millionaire investing in Ballmer (Score:4, Insightful) by JoeyRox ( 2711699 ) writes: on Tuesday June 06, 2017 @10:49PM (#54565375) Start with a billion dollars and invest in a company where he's the CEO. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by sunderland56 ( 621843 ) writes: A sports analogy of some sort? No comprende. In basic simple english: when you're a fan of a sports team, no matter what you say, no matter what you do, the team pays absolutely no attention to you - the consumer - at all. You could have box seats for the entire season, but when it comes to drafting new talent, they'll ignore your advice and get that idiot from Duke anyway. And, turns out, that's Microsoft's business model. Ignore the consumer, what he says, what he wants. Just do random crap and call it good. Sooooo.... about that USA Facts site... (Score:2) by PCM2 ( 4486 ) writes: That USA Facts site sounds like an interesting idea, but the implementation could sure use some work. Navigate to the homepage and you're given a search box: What do you want to know about? "Search for some things." Off the top of my head, I decide to compare the number of deaths by firearm due to murder and the number of firearm deaths due to suicide. And ... for the life of my, I can't figure out how to make it call up that information. Which is odd, since if you went to the original Department of Justice Re: (Score:2) by Hognoxious ( 631665 ) writes: Well at least it's possible, unlike MongoDB. Re: (Score:1) by freudigst ( 1778168 ) writes: Search was always something of an Achilles heel with him, I think... 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Full of shit ... (Score:2) by CaptainDork ( 3678879 ) writes: ... as a Christmas turkey. Ballmer hasn't seen his name in print lately, is what this is about. Re: (Score:2) by hcs_$reboot ( 1536101 ) writes: Not sure he is looking forward to see his name in print on slashdot, though. and the workers should be unionized like the teams (Score:1) by Joe_Dragon ( 2206452 ) writes: and the workers should be unionized like the teams! As Accountable As MBA Teams (Score:4, Funny) by mentil ( 1748130 ) writes: on Tuesday June 06, 2017 @11:51PM (#54565703) If there's anything a team of MBAs isn't, it's accountable. Oh, wait... Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 3 replies beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. 5 replies beneath your current threshold. There's some serious confusion here (Score:2) by XanC ( 644172 ) writes: How the NBA team is doing as a team playing basketball, sure, that's out there. That's something along the lines of how a company is doing in market share. How the NBA team is doing as a BUSINESS is quite different. And that's equivalent to how a tech company is doing overall. And it isn't quite so obvious how to measure that in either case. Re: (Score:2) by hipp5 ( 1635263 ) writes: My thought exactly. Yes, if winning is your metric, then the stats are all right there. But as an owner, winning is probably not your number one goal (though it helps with your other goals). The Toronto Maple Leafs haven't won a cup since 1967... but they're the third most valuable NHL franchise. Re: (Score:2) by Sir Holo ( 531007 ) writes: The Lakers are LA. Everybody knows that. The Clippers are. . . LA? . . . Really? I've lived in LA for 10 years and never knew that. MBA Talk (Score:1) by freudigst ( 1778168 ) writes: Spoken like the genuine sort of MBA idiot to whom the U.S. has handed over the keys of the planet to. Just like cancer (Score:2) by sad_ ( 7868 ) writes: It might be a cancer according to him, but there is no hiding in OSS either. Much of what he describes for the sport teams, is true for OSS. Motivate your team Stevie! (Score:2) by 140Mandak262Jamuna ( 970587 ) writes: Call them for a meeting and motivate them with a wonderful rendition of, "Dribblers, Dribblers, Dribblers ....". We need some comic relief. Not very insightful (Score:3) by nine-times ( 778537 ) writes: <nine.times@gmail.com> on Wednesday June 07, 2017 @10:09AM (#54567867) Homepage So honestly, the comparison is kind of stupid. He wants things to be as clear as "wins and losses", but that's not how the world operates. When you have a well defined game with contrived endpoints and rules that are agreed upon, it's easy to find clarity. One team wins because we all agreed to an arbitrary set of rules that say the game ends after a set period of time, and whoever has the most points wins. So with a tech company, when does the game end? What constitutes "winning"? Obviously, if you're stupid, you might say, "Whoever has the most net profit at the end of the year wins!" But that doesn't deal with the question of which company achieved more growth, or which company is better positioned for future years. It might be that a company didn't make much money this year, but they work they did this year will get them more money 5 or 10 years from now. That's not like a game. In basketball, you can't say, "I didn't win this game, but the play I pulled off this game will get me 100 points next game!" He points out that, in basketball, either you make the playoffs or you don't. You won or you didn't. Achievement is binary. In tech, and in the rest of life, that's not the case at all. It's not win or lose. Honestly, coming in second is often basically as good as coming in first. Or really, more to the point, most of us will come in 300th, which is about as good as coming in 299th. Plus, a lot of people start businesses and run businesses because they like what they do, and achieving high metrics just isn't the chief concern. It's kind of disturbing to me, when he says: In business, you can say, “Well, I didn’t get it right, but we’re gonna keep working. Okay, we’ll improve that.” In tech, employees like to yak: “My review score—what is it? How much is this? How much is that? Did I do a good job? Let me talk to you.” So he's complaining that, in business, you might not get things right, and then continue to work on it? He's complaining that people want to know if they did a good job? And if your employees were focusing on their review score, maybe you should consider that it's because you, as the head of the company, instituted review scores. If you set up a system of metrics and then base employee success on meeting those metrics, you shouldn't be surprised or put off when those employees want to know how well they're meeting those metrics. Finally, the whole way of talking about it shows that he doesn't understand the nature of professional basketball either. Owning a basketball team is also a business. He talks as though his success as an owner can be determined easily with the binary metric of a win or a loss, but sports teams have a lot more to contend with than that. What about ticket sales? Merchandise sales? Brand association, licensing, fan satisfaction? What about maintaining good relationships within the league? Getting good players and coaches so you can build a better team for future years? I mean, is he really so dumb that he's measuring his success as an owner based on whether his team won the last game, or whether his team makes it to the playoffs? Really, people should not listen to this man. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Disingenuous at best, otherwise straight lying (Score:2) by crtreece ( 59298 ) writes: the columnist knows absolutely everything that the general manager knows Not even close. Does a columnist know detailed injury info that isn't released to the public, what went on at the practice that is closed to the public, or what the coaching strategy (and how well the players are following it) was? A reporter can see the in-game performances, but there is more to any sport then just the games themselves. Steve. Just shut up. Nobody wants to hear you. (Score:2) by Chas ( 5144 ) writes: He was a spectacularly awful CEO of Microsoft. He managed to bring on board a successor who was less spectacular, but every bit as awful. As to his monetary situation. He's just a chump who was in the right place at the right time around the right people. You can't depend on luck. Why the hell would ANYONE in their right mind listen to him? Win-Loss Record isn't Accountable (Score:2) by CanadianMacFan ( 1900244 ) writes: Where in the world does he think having the teams winning record being available makes it accountable? Just because everyone knows if his basketball team loses 10 games in a row it doesn't hold the people responsible for the losses to account and it certainly doesn't fix the problem. Accountability is taking responsibility for how things are. I don't see many coaches that get fired give up the remaining money on their contract. How many players give some of their money back for having a bad year? No matte Re: (Score:2) by paiute ( 550198 ) writes: And he could not destroy the Clippers. Re: (Score:2) by Stormwatch ( 703920 ) writes: Luddites, luddites, luddites! Re: (Score:2) by hcs_$reboot ( 1536101 ) writes: Steve Ballmer tried his best to destroy Microsoft, but it was too big to fail. He almost succeeded when he tried to purchase Yahoo. Re: (Score:2) by diesalesmandie ( 4523641 ) writes: Steve Ballmer tried his best to destroy Microsoft, but it was too big to fail. If he was made CHAIRman he definitely would have succeeded! 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 17 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1368 commentsSilicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win 1058 commentsTwitters Says It Will Ban Trump If He Breaks Hate-Speech Rules 978 commentsTwitter Suspends American Far-Right Activists' Accounts 917 commentsFormer Engineer Says Uber Is a Nightmare of Sexism; CEO Orders Urgent Investigation 726 commentsWhen Their Shifts End, Uber Drivers Set Up Camp in Parking Lots Across the US next Hyperloop One Reveals Its Plans For Connecting Europe 200 comments previous Malware Uses Router LEDs To Steal Data From Secure Networks 103 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 100 of 120 loaded Submit Story "How do I love thee? My accumulator overflows." FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
