Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News iPath S&P 500 VIX Short Term Futures TM ETN Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (VXX) Renaissance Technologies LLC Acquires 117,800 Shares of CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stake Lowered by Ruane Cunniff & Goldfarb Inc. B & T Capital Management DBA Alpha Capital Management Continues to Hold Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Stake Decreased by GSA Capital Partners LLP Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Position Decreased by Gratus Capital LLC GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $173,000 in United Community Financial Corp (UCFC) GSA Capital Partners LLP Acquires New Stake in LendingClub Corp (LC) 59,775 Shares in Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) Acquired by Renaissance Technologies LLC Sierra Wireless, Inc. (SWIR) Stake Increased by Renaissance Technologies LLC Stone Run Capital LLC Has $439,000 Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Pembina Pipeline Corp (PPL) Issued By Cormark Noble Co. (NE) Bond Prices Fall 1.7% Transocean LTD (RIG) Bonds Trading 1.5% Lower Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Comments on Signature Bank’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBNY) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $25,566,000 Position in Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) Comerica Bank Invests $269,000 in Methanex Co. (MEOH) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Lowers Position in Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. (CVTI) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $26,176,000 Stake in Travelport Worldwide Ltd (TVPT) Astronics Co. (ATRO) Position Increased by State Street Corp Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stake Lowered by Ruane Cunniff & Goldfarb Inc. April 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Ruane Cunniff & Goldfarb Inc. cut its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 37.4% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 55,380 shares of the company’s stock after selling 33,076 shares during the period. Ruane Cunniff & Goldfarb Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $4,656,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Mitchell Sinkler & Starr PA increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.7% in the third quarter. Mitchell Sinkler & Starr PA now owns 17,798 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,597,000 after buying an additional 125 shares in the last quarter. Reilly Herbert Faulkner III increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 1.1% in the third quarter. Reilly Herbert Faulkner III now owns 50,938 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,572,000 after buying an additional 545 shares in the last quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.5% in the third quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 237,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,298,000 after buying an additional 1,181 shares in the last quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 11.0% in the third quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. now owns 47,116 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,228,000 after buying an additional 4,654 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Perkins Coie Trust Co increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 5.9% in the third quarter. Perkins Coie Trust Co now owns 30,251 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,715,000 after buying an additional 1,681 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 89.23 on Friday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12 month low of $79.10 and a 12 month high of $92.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $90.70 and its 200-day moving average is $87.14. The company has a market cap of $228.11 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.35 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.04 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/08/procter-gamble-co-pg-stake-lowered-by-ruane-cunniff-goldfarb-inc.html. Several analysts have recently commented on PG shares. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $95.00 to $90.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Vetr downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.43 target price for the company. in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and decreased their price objective for the stock from $88.00 to $86.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and decreased their price objective for the stock from $95.00 to $85.00 in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada set a $76.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 2nd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. Procter & Gamble Co presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $90.73. In related news, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $1,819,170.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,291,645. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Mohamed Samir Abde Abdelfattah sold 1,876 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.25, for a total transaction of $171,185.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 30,952 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,824,370. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Sun 9 Apr companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features anti zuma marches rip ahmed kathrada on the road news politics business business report personal finance sport entertainment lifestyle motoring travel multimedia newspapers cape community about iol international International All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Hipster brands have the king of razors on the run International | 8 April 2017 Thomas Heath Washington - The razor business is all about the blades. Get consumers hooked on your razor, and they buy the highly profitable refill blades forever. Share this story Vikings star Travis Fimmel’s beard is one of the most requested beard styles. That seemingly indestructible, high-margin revenue stream is what made Warren Buffett once fall in love with Gillette, which dominates the global razor business with an estimated 50 percent market share. Buffett became one of its largest shareholders and added to his humongous fortune when the razor king was sold to Procter & Gamble for $57 billion in 2005. But Gillette's dominance is now at risk, with lower-priced, private-label upstarts like Dollar Shave Club and Harry's eroding market share that Gillette built over more than a century. Last week, Gillette began across-the-board price cuts averaging 12 percent in an attempt to halt the inexorable surrender of its men's razor business to the newcomers. The Boston-based company, now a division of P&G, has seen its market share drop from 70 percent in 2010 to 54 percent in 2016. Barclays analyst Lauren Lieberman said Gillette's moves are too late. "We are not assuming that there's any material change in the long-term trajectory of the Gillette business as a result of these cuts," Lieberman said in an interview Wednesday. "There is something about Dollar Shave and Harry's ... we are in a consumer environment where people like feeling they are making a differentiated personalized choice. Small and niche is in vogue." Gillette said Wednesday its price offensive is hitting every part of its portfolio "as we speak." "We want to be available at all price points that men are looking for and give them the best shaving experience in that category, regardless of what they want to spend," Gillette spokesperson Barbara Diecker said. Diecker said refill blades for the Gillette Fusion, for example, will drop from $4.99 to $3.74 per blade, a savings of around 25 percent. The company is also recharging its longtime "18th Birthday Program" initiative, with a goal of putting a Gillette razor handle and cartridge blade against the cheek of every American male turning 18. Parent P&G has a strong relationship with Amazon.com, which also helps the company's online sales, according to industry observers. "We are fully aware of the challenges we are facing as a North American business," Diecker said.For decades, Gillette was focused on a trade-up model similar to how General Motors encouraged its customers to start with Chevrolet and eventually buy up to Cadillac. Gillette prided itself on every seven years or so inventing new - and pricier - razors that would offer an even better shave. "Gillette was the only game out there for high-quality shave," Lieberman said. "The idea was if you were a (Gillette) Sensor user, when they launched Mach3, to get Sensors to trade up to Mach3. Then trade up from Mach3 to Fusion, an even better shave. "That business model was always in place." Rival Schick disrupted Gillette's cycle several years back with its own innovations such as the Quattro. Then along came the Dollar Shave Club, Harry's and even smaller players such as 800razors.com. "This is not a new issue," Lieberman said. She said Gillette realized they needed to emphasize lower price products, but they waited too long to launch them. "If I go back to 2012, they were already losing share and it was before the advent of the Dollar Shave Club." The Wall Street Journal, in a report this week on Gillette's price changes, said Gillette's refill razors are $2 to $6 a cartridge when not in bulk, compared with $2 to $2.75 for Schick per cartridge. Dollar Shave Club's cheapest refill razor cartridge is 20 cents. Publicly traded Edgewell Personal Care Company, last year began selling a compatible refill blade that fits Gillette's Mach3 handle after the Mach3 patent expired. The refill is a fraction of the price Gillette charges. Phil Masiello, who founded 800razors.com and built its sales up to $2 million before selling it to ShaveMob last year, said Gillette's strong online presence could help halt the erosion if it is able to be price-competitive with its rivals. "Gillette makes a great shave," Masiello said. "Nobody has ever complained about the great shave of Gillette and Schick. People only complained about the price. You take the price difference out, all of a sudden they are back in the game." WASHINGTON POST Share this story Recommended For You Most Read 1 Wanted by the FBI! Zim engineer held for 16 heists 2 ‘If Zuma does not quit now, we will vote ANC out in 2019’ 3 ANC loses Plett over Zuma’s reshuffle 4 Dear black people, forgive us as we march for white privilege 5 DA opens assault and incitement charges against Durban Mayor Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © 2016 Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Procter & Gamble Co. Stock at $90: What's Next? A look at the bull and bear cases for the consumer products giant. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Apr 8, 2017 at 9:00AM Consumer products titan Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) traded above $90 per share this month after spending all of 2015 and 2016 below that threshold. In a welcome change for long-term shareholders, the stock is outperforming the broader market in 2016 as investors grow more confident about its improving business prospects. But is Wall Street getting ahead of itself? The case for pessimism After all, P&G's core market share problem hasn't gone away. The company lost ground across its five product segments for the second straight year in fiscal 2016 as challenges to the core Gillette lineup pushed its share of the razor market down to 65% from 70% three years before. Its most recent quarterly report showed encouraging signs of accelerating growth, but P&G's 2% expansion rate is still near or slightly below the industry. Management said they were happy with the results but that the progress still represented just a step toward their big-picture targets. PG Revenue (TTM) data by YCharts. Market share gains are the foundation of P&G's entire financial model. Without consistently above-average growth, the company can't deliver the high-single-digit earnings improvement -- plus a healthy dividend -- that shareholders expect. Massive direct cash returns, funded by cost cuts and brand sales, have taken up most of the slack from sluggish sales gains lately. However, P&G is done selling off the biggest pieces of its portfolio and, while it's expecting more efficiency gains over the next few years, it will eventually run out of good opportunities to boost profitability by removing expenses. The case for optimism On the other hand, P&G has achieved several important wins lately that put the company in a good position to break out of its growth funk. In removing 100 underperforming brands from the portfolio, for example, management is now free to make targeted investments in support of the franchises, like Tide detergent, Pampers diapers, and Gillette razors, that have the most favorable economics behind them. Image source: Getty Images. Overall, management expects the new portfolio will grow at a 1% faster organic growth pace, and with 2 percentage points of higher profitability, compared to the prior setup. Yes, P&G had to walk away from 15% of its sales base to achieve those relative gains. But the far simpler operations will be easier to steer in response to changing consumer tastes -- ideally allowing P&G to get back to the 3% to 5% growth pace it enjoyed as recently as fiscal 2013. Cash and outlook The company is on pace for 2.5% gains in fiscal 2017, which would mark a substantial improvement the prior year's 1% pace. It also implies at least a pause in its market share slide in a few categories. Rival Kimberly-Clark competes with P&G in the diaper segment and is projecting just 2% gains for 2017. The good news for shareholders is that, even if the stock doesn't rally, they'll collect strong cash returns anyway. P&G will send $22 billion to its owners in fiscal 2017 in one of the market's most generous capital return programs. Those aggressive plans run through fiscal 2019, and while they're composed mostly of stock repurchases, P&G's earnings appear healthy enough now to fund a significant dividend boost following last year's 1% raise. Long-term investors have to hope that, by the time the company's unusually large capital return program runs its course, P&G will have found a way back to the broad market share gains it's been missing for the last few years. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info Apr 8, 2017 at 9:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $89.23 down $0.17 (-0.19%) Read More What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc What Will Happen to Procter & Gamble Co's Shaving Business? 5 Things You Didn't Know About Procter & Gamble Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Procter & Gamble Co. Stock at $90: What's Next? @themotleyfool #stocks $PG
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Can Brita Filter the Negativity Out of Twitter? Here's How It's Trying By Jack Neff - 29 minutes ago Array 0 Lowdown: How Brands Are Pushing Equal Pay Day Beyond April 4 59 minutes ago Array 0 On YouTube Live, Pirates Plunder Entire Channels Like ESPN and CNN By Garett Sloane - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Toyota, P&G, Trivago and More 2 hours ago Array 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago Array 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 On YouTube Live, Pirates Plunder Entire Channels Like ESPN and CNN By Garett Sloane - 1 hour ago 0 Behind SoulCycle's First Branding Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Should the Cannes Lion Be Shorn of Half Its Mane? By Emma Hall - Yesterday 0 Ad Industry 'Gatecrashers' Get Their Say at 4A's Conference By Megan Graham - Yesterday 0 Pepsi's Kendall Jenner-Joins-a-Protest Ad Sparks Backlash By E.J. Schultz - 22 hours ago 0 See Kendall Jenner in Her New Pepsi Ad By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Wahl Out as McDonald's U.S. CMO, Replaced by PepsiCo's Flatley By Jessica Wohl - 21 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Can Brita Filter the Negativity Out of Twitter? Here's How It's Trying By Jack Neff. Published on April 05, 2017. Most Popular Credit: Clorox Co. Can Brita go beyond filtering contaminants out of water to taking the broader unpleasantness out of life, even on Twitter? The Clorox Co. brand is giving it a go with a #FilterYourFeed campaign from McGarrybowen launching April 6 that lets people find and remove the negative things in their feeds, then replace them with positive messages from spokesman Stephen Curry along with GIFs of him doing things like playing with puppies. The effort is part of the brand's "Filtered Life" series, which looks at all the bad stuff that can be removed from consciousness as a metaphor for what filters do to water. Today's anti-bullying effort encourages self-filtering, only applying to outgoing, not incoming tweets. It also provides a bit of instant analysis people can use to see how many of their tweets get flagged. In the case of the reporter here, Brita's Twitter filter grabbed only 1.5% of messages -- those due largely to quotes from others. The filter doesn't, for example, like the word "crap," so Procter & Gamble Co. Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard's comments of recent months got snared repeatedly. There are of course worse things to be said. Some might point to Tweeter in Chief @RealDonaldTrump. It's unclear what share of the president's tweets might get caught by the filter, because it's not built to apply to other people's accounts. Asked whether Donald Trump might benefit from feed filtering, Brita Associate Director Yating Wong said, "We would encourage him to put out more positive comments and focus on the happy moments." She suggested he try Mr. Curry's GIFs featuring puppies and ice cream. "We want to celebrate the good," Ms. Wong said. "We don't want to get too bogged down in the negative. We just want to get to the good stuff faster." As part of Filter Your Feed Day, Brita will donate up to $20,000, or $1 per for every #FilterYourFeed share, to the Cybersmile Foundation, an international non-profit organization that combats cyberbullying. The broader "Filtered Life" campaign, which includes work from McGarryBowen, media shop OMD, Current for PR, and AKQA on digital media, spans digital and paid and earned social. It includes a series of videos featuring Mr. Curry and removal of words that turn phrases from negatives into positives. Brita is looking to do that with the business too. Sales in channels tracked by Nielsen, which exclude ecommerce and some club-store sales, were down 7.1% and market share down 3.1 percentage points in the 52 weeks ended Feb. 25, according to sales data provided by Deutsche Bank. But, accentuating the positives, share declines lessened for the latest four- and 12-week periods. In this article: Ad Tech Beverages CMO Strategy CPG Digital Social Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Tech News How Dyson found Apple-like success in vacuums and hair dryers The company has combined an almost obsessive eye for design and engineering, cornering the market. When competitors like Hoover and Samsung copied his ideas after his vacuum cleaner hit the market, founder James Dyson fought and won costly patent lawsuits, and instilled an “us versus them” attitude that still permeates the company.   (Lauren Fleishman / The New York Times)   By MARK SCOTTThe New York Times Sat., April 8, 2017 MALMESBURY, ENGLAND—When Michael Aldred joined the British home electronics maker Dyson two decades ago, he had a simple goal: to quickly build a robotic vacuum cleaner. But Aldred and his team kept running into roadblocks. Their first attempt, unveiled in 2001, was too clunky for James Dyson, the company’s founder. The next prototype involved creating a computer vision system that would allow the machine to skirt independently around furniture; it took more than a decade to perfect. As smartphones became everyday tools, Dyson’s robotics team again had to rethink the vacuum cleaner, adding Internet connectivity so the machine could send notifications — with a heat map of where it had cleaned — to a mobile device. After a nearly 20-year odyssey, the robot cleaner, priced at an eye-watering $1,300, finally hit stores worldwide last year. Read more: Article Continued Below Dyson’s new battery-powered vacuum drives sales upwardsEND Dyson has tried to make a better hair dryer. Will people buy it?END “At times, I really asked myself what I had signed up for,” Aldred said in an interview at Dyson’s rural headquarters near the border with Wales. “But James Dyson always told us to focus on the product. Everything else would follow.” Not many consumer electronics brands would spend almost two decades — and tens of millions of dollars — building a vacuum cleaner that retails for more than a mid-range laptop. But combining an almost obsessive eye for design and engineering, the privately held Dyson has cornered the unglamorous market of high-end vacuum cleaners, lights and hair dryers — and in the process bucked the technology truism that companies rarely make money in the difficult arena of hardware. Even as other hardware brands like Samsung, smartwatch-maker Fitbit and camera designer GoPro have struggled with physical products because of low-priced copycats and thin profit margins, Dyson has shown an uncanny ability to mint money. Its latest robot cleaner, which is selling briskly, exemplifies that and puts Dyson in rarefied company alongside Apple as one of the few tech companies worldwide to consistently profit from consumer gadgets. “It is extremely difficult to make money if you’re not in the premium segment of the market,” said Tim Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies, a tech consulting firm. “That’s what Apple and Dyson have done well — being best in breed for technology and industrial design.” Dyson said its pre-tax profits rose 41 per cent last year to $1.05 billion, while revenue rose 45 per cent to $4.2 billion, partly because of the weakened British pound. Dyson, 69, who founded the company in 1992, is worth about $8 billion. The company, with 8,500 employees split mostly between Britain and a factory in Malaysia, is growing rapidly in China, where the country’s emerging middle class remains eager to spend on designer goods, including expensive vacuum cleaners. “Asia is a huge growth area for us,” said Max Conze, Dyson’s chief executive, who joined from Procter & Gamble in 2010. “Five years ago, 85 per cent of what we sold was corded vacuum cleaners. Now, more than 80 per cent comes from new products.” Dyson is indeed moving beyond vacuum cleaners, hair dryers and air purifiers. The company said it would spend more than $2 billion on battery technology, machine learning and other high-tech wizardry to create new products, many of which remain under wraps behind tight security at its headquarters. The developments may include an electric car. Dyson bought a U.S. battery startup in 2015, secured a hefty British government grant last year to develop the vehicle concept and hired executives from Tesla and Aston Martin. Dyson officials deny that they are making an electric car. “We’re still heading into new areas where companies are well established,” said Jake Dyson, 44, the founder’s elder son, who rejoined the company in 2015 and is the most likely successor to his father. “We’re not afraid to try and beat them.” As with any company synonymous with James Dyson, it is often hard to separate Dyson the man from Dyson the brand. Tall, bookish and with a penchant for designer glasses, Dyson trained as an industrial engineer and dabbled in building things like boats and wheelbarrows before settling on vacuum cleaners by the late 1970s. Frustrated with how his machine worked, Dyson reused technology that mirrored how a cyclone forcefully sucked wind from its surroundings, eventually spending 15 years — and building more than 5,000 prototypes — before releasing his first vacuum cleaner in 1993. He initially licensed the designs to companies in the United States and Japan, but eventually decided to build the machines himself. “When we launched it, we were slightly terrified,” said Dyson, who had mortgaged his home and used his life savings to fund the project. “I’m not a businessman. I didn’t start a business, I started with an idea.” His professorial look, complete with cut-glass English accent, belies Dyson’s ruthlessness. When competitors like Hoover and Samsung copied his ideas after his vacuum cleaner hit the market, the entrepreneur fought, and won, costly patent lawsuits, and instilled an “us versus them” attitude that still permeates the company. At Dyson’s headquarters — chosen for its proximity to Dyson’s original workshop — employees remain tight-lipped, even among themselves, about their projects. During a tour of the company’s facilities, prototypes were covered in tarps while large areas of the open-plan offices were off limits. Photographs of engineers’ computer screens were prohibited, and machinery in some of the research labs was obscured with black trash bags. “It’s a little like a brainwashing atmosphere,” said Mario Cosci, an electronic engineer who joined Dyson six years ago. “When you work every day with people who are driven, you can’t swim against it.” Not everything Dyson has tried has turned to gold. In 2000, the company released a washing machine priced at $1,672, or double the cost of rival products. Despite positive reviews, Dyson pulled the plug five years later after failing to turn the machine into a profitable business. Now, the original washing machine prototype stands unloved in a corridor in one of Dyson’s research buildings. At many publicly listed companies, such a failure might have cost people their jobs. But at Dyson, where 14.5 per cent of annual revenue is earmarked for research and development, engineers took the mistake in stride and began diversifying into other products. For Steve Courtney, head of Dyson’s new products unit, that included moving into cordless vacuum cleaners in 2005, even though analysts said the machines would hurt sales of the company’s corded products. It also meant releasing bladeless fans four years later that borrowed heavily from Dyson’s vacuum technology — the product range was later extended to Internet-connected air purifiers. And when the company began selling $400 hair dryers last year, its mostly male engineering team not only learned to professionally blow-dry hair to understand how rival products worked, but also again copied the battery, motor and fan technology from Dyson’s existing products. “We may go through a lot of pain and it may take a lot of time, but then we can transfer what we develop into something completely new,” Courtney said. “We need big new areas, new markets.” Dyson’s ambitions have raised some eyebrows, particularly after it bought Sakti3, a Michigan startup specializing in solid state batteries, for $90 million in 2015. This technology could be more than three times as powerful — and significantly safer — than batteries used now in smartphones and electric cars. Dyson later claimed his company would invest more than $1 billion by 2020 to figure out how to mass-produce these solid-state batteries, although experts question whether Sakti3’s technology will ever go beyond the lab. “The community was surprised by the investment,” said Eric Wachsman, director of the Energy Research Center at the University of Maryland, who is developing a rival project. “No one knows if their technology will work or not.” Mark Taylor, Dyson’s research director, said the company was committed to making the battery technology work. None of this is stopping Dyson’s long-term planning. At the modernist campus of Imperial College London, Andrew Davison, a computer vision expert, has worked with Dyson on a $8-million research project aimed at helping robots better interact with the world around them. (Dyson separately sponsors a Design Engineering School at the British college.) Davison, an Imperial College professor, helped Dyson build the computer vision used in its robotic cleaner. His team is now combining that technology with machine learning and artificial intelligence so that one day, the company’s products may navigate the real world, just as its autonomous vacuum cleaner now scuttles around people’s houses. “We’re looking really far out,” Davison said. “Most of the work that we do is years away from being in an actual product.” Read more about: Apple Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 8°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs He was a vegan, I ordered chicken strips: Dating Diaries Can the daughter of a hunter and a non-meat-eating man make it work? News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
The Apple of home appliances | Bangkok Post: tech News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More TECHNOLOGY Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Technology Homepage World updates Local news Reviews Apps Mobile & tablets Computers Gadgets Buy & sell Tech > World Updates The Apple of home appliances Dyson was built on the re-engineering of vacuum cleaner, but it has come a long way since then, and its ambitions are far larger, writes Mark Scott of The New York Times 8 Apr 2017 at 11:40 5,531 viewed1 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: NEW YORK TIMES An employee cafeteria at Dyson Inc's headquarters in Malmesbury, England. (New York Times photos) - + When Michael Aldred joined the British home electronics maker Dyson Ltd two decades ago, he had a simple goal: to quickly build a robotic vacuum cleaner. But Aldred and his team kept running into roadblocks. Their first attempt, unveiled in 2001, was too clunky for James Dyson, the company's founder. The next prototype involved creating a computer vision system that would allow the machine to skirt independently around furniture; it took more than a decade to perfect. As smartphones became everyday tools, Dyson's robotics team again had to rethink the vacuum cleaner, adding internet connectivity so the machine could send notifications -- with a heat map of where it had cleaned -- to a mobile device. After a nearly 20-year odyssey, the robot cleaner, priced at an eye-watering $1,000, finally hit stores worldwide last year. "At times, I really asked myself what I had signed up for," Aldred said in an interview at Dyson's rural headquarters near the border with Wales. "But James Dyson always told us to focus on the product. Everything else would follow." Sir James Dyson, who founded the company in 1992, is worth about £5 billion, or $6.2 billion. Not many consumer electronics brands would spend almost two decades -- and tens of millions of dollars -- building a vacuum cleaner that retails for more than a midrange laptop. But combining an almost obsessive eye for design and engineering, the privately-held Dyson has cornered the non-glamorous market of high-end vacuum cleaners, lights and hair dryers -- and in the process bucked the technology truism that companies rarely make money in the difficult arena of hardware. Even as other hardware brands like Samsung, smartwatch maker Fitbit and camera designer GoPro have struggled with physical products because of low-priced copycats and thin profit margins, Dyson has shown an uncanny ability to mint money. Its latest robot cleaner, which is selling briskly, exemplifies that and puts Dyson in rarefied company alongside Apple as one of the few tech companies worldwide to consistently profit from consumer gadgets. "It is extremely difficult to make money if you're not in the premium segment of the market," said Tim Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies, a tech consulting firm. "That's what Apple and Dyson have done well -- being best in breed for technology and industrial design." A vacuum's pick-up performance is tested. Dyson said its pre-tax profit rose 41% last year to £631 million ($785 million), while revenue rose 45% to £2.5 billion, partly because of the weakened British pound. Dyson, 69, who founded the company in 1992, is worth about £5 billion. The company, with 8,500 employees split mostly between Britain and a factory in Malaysia, is growing rapidly in China, where the country's emerging middle class remains eager to spend on designer goods, including expensive vacuum cleaners. "Asia is a huge growth area for us," said Max Conze, Dyson's chief executive, who joined from Procter & Gamble in 2010. "Five years ago, 85% of what we sold was corded vacuum cleaners. Now, more than 80% comes from new products." Dyson is indeed moving beyond vacuum cleaners, hair dryers and air purifiers. A hair dryer with cutaways in the hair science research lab at Dyson headquarters. The company said it would spend more than $2 billion on battery technology, machine learning and other high-tech wizardry to create new products, many of which remain under wraps behind tight security at its headquarters. The developments may include an electric car. Dyson bought a US battery startup in 2015, secured a hefty British government grant last year to develop the vehicle concept and hired executives from Tesla Inc and Aston Martin. Dyson officials deny that they are making an electric car. "We're still heading into new areas where companies are well established," said Jake Dyson, 44, the founder's elder son, who rejoined the company in 2015 and is the most likely successor to his father. "We're not afraid to try and beat them." As with any company synonymous with James Dyson, it is often hard to separate Dyson the man from Dyson the brand. Tall, bookish and with a penchant for designer glasses, Dyson trained as an industrial engineer and dabbled in building things like boats and wheelbarrows before settling on vacuum cleaners by the late 1970s. Frustrated with how his machine worked, Dyson reused technology that mirrored how a cyclone forcefully sucked wind from its surroundings, eventually spending 15 years -- and building more than 5,000 prototypes -- before releasing his first vacuum cleaner in 1993. He initially licensed the designs to companies in the United States and Japan, but eventually decided to build the machines himself. "When we launched it, we were slightly terrified," said Dyson, who had mortgaged his home and used his life savings to fund the project. "I'm not a businessman. I didn't start a business, I started with an idea." His professorial look, complete with cut-glass English accent, belies Dyson's ruthlessness. When competitors like Hoover and Samsung copied his ideas after his vacuum cleaner hit the market, the entrepreneur fought, and won, costly patent lawsuits, and instilled an "us versus them" attitude that still permeates the company. At Dyson's headquarters -- chosen for its proximity to Dyson's original workshop -- employees remain tight-lipped, even among themselves, about their projects. During a tour of the company's facilities, prototypes were covered in tarps while large areas of the open-plan offices were off limits. Photographs of engineers' computer screens were prohibited, and machinery in some of the research labs was obscured with black trash bags. "It's a little like a brainwashing atmosphere," said Mario Cosci, an electronic engineer who joined Dyson six years ago. "When you work every day with people who are driven, you can't swim against it." Not everything Dyson has tried has turned to gold. A 3D printed vacuum prototype. In 2000, the company released a washing machine priced at £1,000, or double the cost of rival products. Despite positive reviews, Dyson pulled the plug five years later after failing to turn the machine into a profitable business. Now, the original washing machine prototype stands unloved in a corridor in one of Dyson's research buildings. At many publicly listed companies, such a failure might have cost people their jobs. But at Dyson, where 14.5% of annual revenue is earmarked for research and development, engineers took the mistake in stride and began diversifying into other products. For Steve Courtney, head of Dyson's new products unit, that included moving into cordless vacuum cleaners in 2005, even though analysts said the machines would hurt sales of the company's corded products. It also meant releasing bladeless fans four years later that borrowed heavily from Dyson's vacuum technology -- the product range was later extended to internet-connected air purifiers. And when the company began selling $400 hair dryers last year, its mostly male engineering team not only learned to professionally blow-dry hair to understand how rival products worked, but also again copied the battery, motor and fan technology from Dyson's existing products. "We may go through a lot of pain and it may take a lot of time, but then we can transfer what we develop into something completely new," Courtney said. "We need big new areas, new markets." Dyson's ambitions have raised some eyebrows, particularly after it bought Sakti3, a Michigan startup specialising in solid state batteries, for $90 million in 2015. This technology could be more than three times as powerful -- and significantly safer -- than batteries used now in smartphones and electric cars. Dyson later claimed his company would invest more than $1 billion by 2020 to figure out how to mass-produce these solid-state batteries, although experts question whether Sakti3's technology will ever go beyond the lab. "The community was surprised by the investment," said Eric Wachsman, director of the energy research center at the University of Maryland, who is developing a rival project. "No one knows if their technology will work or not." Mark Taylor, Dyson's research director, said the company was committed to making the battery technology work. None of this is stopping Dyson's long-term planning. At the modernist campus of Imperial College London, Andrew Davison, a computer vision expert, has worked with Dyson on a £5 million research project aimed at helping robots better interact with the world around them. (Dyson separately sponsors a Design Engineering School at the British college.) Inside the office of James Dyson at his privately-held company's headquarters. Davison, an Imperial College professor, helped Dyson build the computer vision used in its robotic cleaner. His team is now combining that technology with machine learning and artificial intelligence so that one day, the company's products may navigate the real world, just as its autonomous vacuum cleaner now scuttles around people's houses. "We're looking really far out," Davison said. "Most of the work that we do is years away from being in an actual product." RECOMMENDED STORIES In battle with Uber Eats, Deliveroo deploys field kitchens There's an app for that!? 'Deceptive' Apple sued for bricking Australian phones Warning of cyberthreat from personal devices Fitch foresees DTAC contract with TOT Facebook to use photo-matching to block repeat 'revenge porn' SAP upbeat on local cloud-based spending A busy week for Apple and me Beyond advertising Most Viewed 12,956 5G licence auction faces delay due ... 8,460 Daimler, parts firm Bosch team up ... 7,226 Fakes among the five stars 7,094 Warning of cyberthreat from ... 6,984 'Deceptive' Apple sued for bricking ... Recent TECH Articles Fakes among the five stars Depa hopes to build smart cities in EEC next year Electronic ID move seeks to cut red tape Get full Bangkok Post printed newspaper experience on your digital devices with Bangkok Post e-newspaper. Try it out, it's totally free for 7 days. Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 9 liked & 2 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 13:31 US Navy strike group 'to move toward Korean peninsula' 13:03 6 men linked to IS killed after failed ambush in Indonesia 11:48 LPG tank explodes in Roi Et, no casualties 10:35 Storms hit 13 provinces last week, one killed 09:51 Poll: Accidents major Songkran concern 09:00 Diver backs down on fish bomb claims 08:00 'The Face' hands transgenders a welcome chance 07:20 Ariya receives US golf writers' award at Augusta 1 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Home Home Bloomberg Technology Share on Facebook Share on Twitter These Hackathon Hustlers Make Their Living From Corporate Coding Contests Some coders go from one marathon hacking session to another, subsisting on prize money and schwag. Illustration: Brandon Celi by Lizette Chapman @lizette_chapman More stories by Lizette Chapman April 4, 2017, 6:00 AM EDT Peter Ma looked around his San Francisco condo and realized he’d won everything in it. His flat-screen TV, home theater system, 3D printers, phones, tablets, computers and furniture were either hackathon prizes or purchased with hackathon earnings. Stashed under his leather couch — which he’d bought with an Amazon gift card — was a thick stack of 2- and 3-foot-long cardboard checks commemorating his most cherished wins. “The only non-schwag I have are shoes,” he said. With his gray hoodie and close-cropped goatee, 33-year-old Ma looks like any of the thousands of computer programmers roaming the city, but he’s part of an elite corps. He and about a dozen friends travel the hackathon circuit. They build apps, connected devices and other products during all-night, fiercely competitive programming contests where sleep is scarce and caffeine is plentiful. The sessions are usually sponsored by corporations, and top prizes mean serious cash. (We explore hackathons for the younger set on this week’s Decrypted podcast; subscribe here on iTunes.) Some of the hackers have jobs. Some do contracting work. Some have corporate sponsors. Almost all of them are working on a pet startup idea. For Ma and a few others, hackathons are a job. Ma knows he would make more money if he had a more traditional career. He just doesn’t want one. “I have my time to myself and the freedom to work on whatever it is I want,” said Ma during a long lunch on a sunny Tuesday in March. Ma said he has considered offers from Google, Facebook and Uber over the years, but passed every time because he likes calling his own shots. Intel sponsors his work by sending him technology for company-related projects, and he also has an occasional gig consulting for large companies. He likes the setup because it allows him to travel and work on his own schedule. Brian Clark, 27, supported himself on hackathon earnings for more than two years. (He and Ma don’t know each other.) He’s working on his fourth startup idea now, and says he carves out time for competitions because they help him hone skills and earn money quickly. “I’d much rather earn that money in two days so I don’t have to take the programming job for two months,” Clark said. At one hackathon sponsored by Kmart and Sears, he built a mobile gifting app. None of his friends liked the idea, so he engineered it on his own and ended up winning $6,000 for fewer than four hours of work. Another time, when his bank account was down to zero and he was sleeping on a friend’s couch in Oakland, he entered a hackathon out of desperation. “It was win it or apply for a job,” said Clark. He and some friends spent a little more than a day building a tool enabling developers to troubleshoot mobile apps by tracking user behavior. “Out of 800 teams, I won first for $40,000.” Over the past three years, Ma has traveled to more than 100 hackathons, and his strategy is down to a science. He knows how to maximize his time and prizes. He enters competitions based on the quality of the sponsors (read: big money), the location (unless airfare is covered, he’s not inclined to leave the Bay Area) and which of his friends are planning to go. The cooler and newer the technology being promoted, the more interesting the hackathon is. Ma and Clark both look for events that will help them continue their education by practicing new skills. A few days before each hackathon, Ma checks that all his favorite programs and tools are up to date. Usually updates take 15 to 30 minutes, but sometimes there’s a glitch, a program fails and an update can take a couple of hours. The times he hasn’t done the prep work, like at a Smart Cities event at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, have created chaos during the hackathon. “We didn’t know we needed an update and all the sample code stopped working,” said Ma. The oversight cost his team several hours to correct. “You know how a soldier goes to battle with a sword? Our weapons are our laptops.” Ma brings his computer, his iPhone, two Androids, a microprocessor development board and sensors for temperature, humidity and touch. He doesn’t pack a toothbrush. “I bring the basics,” he said. Clark packs his favorite blue fleece blanket and small pillow into his backpack along with his laptop and charging cables. (He also doesn’t bring a toothbrush.) Once he knows who the sponsors are and what technology they’re promoting, he writes a pitch describing the project he aims to build incorporating that tech and uses it as a script when he presents his project. “We had three guys building a fart app and 90 percent of the customers are women” Hackathons can vary in length, focus, judging criteria and other factors, but they all follow a similar pattern. Hackers register online, usually in teams of three to five people. Corporations hold competitions in all kinds of places: Any large space with bathrooms, screaming fast Wi-Fi and lots of power outlets will do. After each team claims their work area and stashes their gear, they meet with corporate sponsors to evaluate the tech tools they might use to build projects and, of course, get T-shirts and other schwag. Hackathons usually have a specific technology like augmented reality or a theme like “connected homes.” Hackers know about those categories in advance, but teams aren’t allowed to begin working until the official start. Most events last between 24 and 48 hours. During that time hackers work as a team to create something new, interesting and functional. Organizers provide all the food and drink — a menu that often includes pizza, burritos, energy drinks, chips and chocolate — so hackers can eat while they work. Many don’t sleep. Others take short naps under tables while their teammates continue coding on their laptops a few feet away. Calculating the salary of a professional hackathoner is not straightforward. Winners can earn tens of thousands of dollars every month, but much of that may come in the form of gift cards, service credits and gadgets. And since winnings are divided among team members, individual hauls vary depending on the size of the team. If these coders were working at Google as entry-level software engineers, they could each make about $127,000 a year, according to employer review site Glassdoor. That jumps to north of $200,000 for more senior positions. Jay Zalowitz, who lives in San Francisco and is 28, said he used hackathon earnings to bootstrap his startup for several years. He pared back his weekend hacking — it usually takes a couple of days to recover from such a lengthy grind — when he got a full-time programming job. “Once you start making real money, the amount you win is actually pretty marginal,” he said. Corporations have embraced hackathons in recent years. There were more than 1,000 in 2016, according to Devpost, a developer site that maintains a running list. Companies such as Microsoft and Amazon sponsor hackathons because the competitions allow them to show off their newest gadgets, like virtual-reality headsets and voice-control APIs. The more sponsors can entice developers to build with their products, the faster those products take off. IBM holds hundreds of hackathons — online and in person — every year. Some are massive. To push Watson, its artificial intelligence platform, IBM is now running a true marathon event (with a more normal work schedule) of three years with a $5 million prize attached. “We use it as a vehicle to push new technologies,” said IBM Chief Developer Advocate Willie Tejada. “We know it feeds revenue somewhere down the line.” Devpost founder Brandon Kessler said he’s recently noticed the rise of nontech companies and live events — like Fashion Week in New York — seeking to infuse technology into their main business by hosting and sponsoring hackathons. “They are becoming more of a daily tool for innovation,” he said. In March, Procter & Gamble hosted a hackathon in Redwood City, California, to promote Febreze plug-in scent dispensers and be inspired by new ideas for future products. Organizers invited Xerox’s PARC, Nest, Google, Amazon Alexa, cloud platform startup Arrayent and other companies promoting connected homes to attend so they could showcase their own technologies enabling connected Febreze dispensers. In exchange for $10,000 and prizes — including a PARC internship — dozens of developer teams slept in shifts during the 48-hour event to build the best project. Ma and his team, which brought a methane sensor to the event, built a fart app. When the sensor detected high levels of methane, it signaled the Febreze plug-in to emit a puff of fragrance. They didn’t win. “The technical integrations didn’t matter. It was all about the idea,” said Ma. He wished he’d had a woman on the team. “We had three guys building a fart app and 90 percent of the customers are women.” Procter & Gamble was happy with the results: One winning project connected the scent dispenser via Wi-Fi to a smartphone so users could control scent along with temperature and mood lighting. “Hackathons allow us to have access to some of the sharpest minds,” said Procter & Gamble spokeswoman Lauren Thaman, who said the company has done a couple such events and intends to do more. “It’s a very creative, fast way to get answers from innovators and early adopters.” Corporate hackathons don’t always go according to plan, though. Salesforce.com blazed into the hackathon scene in 2013, offering a $1 million grand prize — an unprecedented amount that dazzled hackers, who registered in record numbers to compete. But when judges awarded the prize to a former Salesforce employee, who had written some code before the hackathon officially began, the backlash from developers was severe. Salesforce clarified the rules in 2014 and has since abandoned the splashy competition in favor of an online learning program for developers. Ma says along with Salesforce’s withdrawal he’s noticed some companies have begun to offer smaller prizes. Founders sometimes game competitions, too, using hackathons as a place to launch their mostly baked startup ideas and presenting polished projects that have been a steady focus for months rather than a basic prototype created in a flash of inspiration. These forces have changed the competitive dynamic and made it harder to earn a living as a professional hackathoner. Of course, some hackers also drop out after they get jobs, get married or their immune systems can no longer withstand the stress of poor diet and no sleep. Ma says he plans to continue for as long as he can. He likes the freedom to build whatever he feels like and help larger social issues. He and friends recently competed in Code for the Kingdom, sponsored by Christian churches — a hackathon focused on solving homelessness, hunger and other social problems. They won $1,000. “I can always get a corporate job,” he said, slicing into seared branzino. “I don’t need to. That’s the backup plan.”   Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
