Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stake Held by Stone Run Capital LLC McCormick & Company, Incorporated to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.47 (mkc.v) Companhia de Saneamento Basico Declares Dividend of $0.38 (SBS) Photo-Me International plc (PHTM) to Issue Dividend of GBX 3.09 on May 11th Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) Bond Prices Rise 2.1% Community Health Systems (CYH) Bond Prices Fall 0.8% Fmr LLC Has $20,006,000 Stake in Liberty Global plc – Class C (LILAK) Convergys Corp (CVG) Position Reduced by Fmr LLC Cray Inc. (CRAY) Position Increased by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Acquires 78,500 Shares of Life Storage Inc (LSI) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Shares Sold by Keybank National Association OH Altavista Wealth Management Inc. Acquires 1,040 Shares of Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Stake Lowered by Frontier Wealth Management LLC Federated Investors Inc. PA Has $117,000 Stake in Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Retail Opportunity Investments Corp (ROIC) Position Maintained by Federated Investors Inc. PA Federated Investors Inc. PA Sells 201 Shares of FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Corus Entertainment Inc. (CJR) Lowered by Analyst Engility Holdings, Inc. (EGL) Shares Bought by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Acquires 6,319 Shares of OneBeacon Insurance Group, Ltd. (OB) Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stake Held by Stone Run Capital LLC April 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Stone Run Capital LLC continued to hold its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 10,160 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Stone Run Capital LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $854,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Diversified Trust Co boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.5% in the third quarter. Diversified Trust Co now owns 20,866 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,873,000 after buying an additional 109 shares during the last quarter. Independent Franchise Partners LLP boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 1.9% in the third quarter. Independent Franchise Partners LLP now owns 4,277,830 shares of the company’s stock worth $383,935,000 after buying an additional 81,713 shares during the last quarter. Aviva PLC boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 3.7% in the fourth quarter. Aviva PLC now owns 1,968,906 shares of the company’s stock worth $165,782,000 after buying an additional 70,171 shares during the last quarter. Northwest Investment Counselors LLC boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.7% in the third quarter. Northwest Investment Counselors LLC now owns 26,536 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,382,000 after buying an additional 196 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Accident Compensation Corp boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 9.9% in the third quarter. Accident Compensation Corp now owns 51,186 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,594,000 after buying an additional 4,606 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 89.85 on Friday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 1-year low of $79.10 and a 1-year high of $92.00. The stock has a market capitalization of $229.70 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.46 and a beta of 0.64. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $90.64 and its 200 day moving average is $87.07. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The company earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.04 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/01/procter-gamble-co-pg-stake-held-by-stone-run-capital-llc.html. A number of equities analysts have recently weighed in on PG shares. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $101.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Stifel Nicolaus lowered shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $88.00 to $86.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Royal Bank of Canada set a $76.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 2nd. Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Vetr lowered shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $87.23 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $90.73. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $1,819,170.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at $3,291,645. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Mohamed Samir Abde Abdelfattah sold 1,876 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.25, for a total transaction of $171,185.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 30,952 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,824,370. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Wed, Mar 29 2017. 12 31 PM IST P&G moves Delhi HC in appeal against airing of ‘disparaging’ shampoo ads by HUL The brands in question are HUL’s Clinic Plus shampoo and P&G’s Head & Shoulders shampoo Subscribe to our newsletter. Priyanka Mittal Damages of over Rs 2 crore have been sought by P&G in its original suit against HUL for allegedly ‘tarnishing its goodwill and reputation’. Photo: Bloomberg New Delhi: Leading fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) company, Proctor & Gamble, on Wednesday moved the Delhi high court in appeal against an order dismissing its plea over alleged disparaging shampoo advertisements being aired by its competitor, Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL). The brands in question are HUL’s Clinic Plus shampoo and P&G’s Head & Shoulders shampoo. The matter was brought before a bench headed by Justice Pradeep Nandrajog who refused to pass any order and said that the matter would be taken up on a later date. On 17 February, Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw had dismissed three suits by the FMCG majors, HUL and P&G, who had approached the court seeking to stop the other from airing their shampoo advertisements, alleging that these advertisements are “hurting their reputation and goodwill”. The court had also refused to consider posting the matter for trial and held that the nature of the suits did not merit trial. Both the companies had filed suits against each other and claimed that the other’s ads were disparaging its brand. The matter did not end there as HUL took the shampoo advertisement battle ahead through a cross-suit against P&G. This was based on a total of seven advertisements being aired by P&G since April, which compare Clinic Plus’s shampoo sachet with Head & Shoulders and say that the latter was more effective on dandruff. Another cross-suit was subsequently filed by P&G. Damages of over Rs 2 crore have been sought by P&G in its original suit against HUL for allegedly ‘tarnishing its goodwill and reputation’. HUL stated in its suit that the company had a copyright over the Rs1 sachet of Clinic Plus shampoo. The comparison sought to be made was deemed to be one of “comparing apples with oranges”, HUL had submitted while arguing before the single judge. The petitioner added that it would encourage unfair competition because Clinic Plus is a non-anti dandruff shampoo and never claimed to remove dandruff, unlike Head & Shoulders, which has always pitched itself as an anti-dandruff specialist. The matter will be heard next on Friday. Priyanka Mittal Topics: HUL Clinic Plus shampoo P&G Head & Shoulders shampoo FMCG More From Livemint READ MORE Bob Dylan finally accepts Nobel prize in literature Jio’s new pricing will continue to bleed industry: COAI RBI policy in limelight for markets in truncated week First Published: Wed, Mar 29 2017. 11 25 AM IST Editor's Picks Unitech MD Sanjay Chandra, brother sent to police remand till 3 April BS-III vehicles nearly sold out, say dealers New ITR forms notified, details of cash deposits above Rs2 lakh, Aadhaar mandatory Latest News Bob Dylan finally accepts Nobel prize in literature Jio’s new pricing will continue to bleed industry: COAI RBI policy in limelight for markets in truncated week Lok Sabha bypolls: High stakes battle for PDP, NC, Congress in Kashmir Panama Papers boost tax battle, but no silver bullet Mint On Sunday Forget Matt Damon, The Great Wall is about China’s quest for global dominance The search for god through the eyes of a child How a famine happens: The tale of South Sudan The thin line between greatness and madness Letter from... Baselworld Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Companies » News Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care announces change in promoter holding Hero MotoCorp liquidates large BS III inventory Business Standard Gillette India announces change in promoter shareholding Capital Market  April 1, 2017 Last Updated at 10:31 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUqIuw ALSO READ Gillette India gains after strong Q1 earnings Gillette India standalone net profit rises 63.46% in the September 2016 quarter Gillette India appoints company secretary and compliance officer Gillette India Q3 net profit up 4.8% to Rs 54.75 cr Gillette India to hold board meeting With effect from 31 March 2017Gillette India announced that promoter shareholder of the Company, viz., Procter & Gamble India Holdings B.V., the Netherlands has merged with another promoter group company, Procter & Gamble Overseas India B.V., the Netherlands effective 31 March 2017. Consequent to abovementioned merger, shareholding of Procter & Gamble India Holdings B.V. in the Company (1,30,73,465 shares constituting 40.12% of shareholding) has been transferred to Procter & Gamble Overseas India B.V. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Gillette India | India | News-cm | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Gillette India announces change in promoter shareholding With effect from 31 March 2017 With effect from 31 March 2017Gillette India announced that promoter shareholder of the Company, viz., Procter & Gamble India Holdings B.V., the Netherlands has merged with another promoter group company, Procter & Gamble Overseas India B.V., the Netherlands effective 31 March 2017. Consequent to abovementioned merger, shareholding of Procter & Gamble India Holdings B.V. in the Company (1,30,73,465 shares constituting 40.12% of shareholding) has been transferred to Procter & Gamble Overseas India B.V. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Gillette India announces change in promoter shareholding With effect from 31 March 2017Gillette India announced that promoter shareholder of the Company, viz., Procter & Gamble India Holdings B.V., the Netherlands has merged with another promoter group company, Procter & Gamble Overseas India B.V., the Netherlands effective 31 March 2017. Consequent to abovementioned merger, shareholding of Procter & Gamble India Holdings B.V. in the Company (1,30,73,465 shares constituting 40.12% of shareholding) has been transferred to Procter & Gamble Overseas India B.V. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 27.5 C Lagos Sunday, April 2, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business Liser: CCA Will Help Trump  Re-shape Africa Agenda Liser: CCA Will Help Trump  Re-shape Africa Agenda April 2, 2017 0 362 Ms. Florie Liser Ms. Florie Liser resumed work in Washington DC. January 23 as the first female and third President/CEO of the Corporate Council on Africa (CCA). Liser had earlier shared her vision for Africa as the new pilot in the cockpit with members of the CCA in what she called a new conversation about how America does business with Africa. In this interview with Nduka Nwosu, the former US Trade Representative to 49 African countries restates her already stated convictions on why it is exciting and challenging to work in Africa, her lifelong interest Can we get to know you more as well as your job profile at the Office of USTR?  Absolutely. Good morning and thank you for the congratulations and for the opportunity to interview with THISDAY. For those who do not know me, my name is Florie Liser and I have spent the majority of my career working to grow and improve the US-Africa trade and investment relationship. I was unanimously appointed President and CEO of the Corporate Council on Africa, CCA, by our Board of Directors and I officially began my new role on January 23. CCA is the leading US business association focused solely on connecting business interests in Africa. I joined CCA from the Office of the US Trade Representative (USTR), where I served as the Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Africa since 2003. At USTR, I spearheaded trade and investment policy towards 49 sub-Saharan African nations and oversaw implementation of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA).  Before I became the Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Africa, I worked as the Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Industry, Market Access, and Telecommunications from 2000-2003; served as the Senior Trade Policy Advisor in the Office of International Transportation and Trade at the Department of Transportation from 1987-2000; worked as a Director in USTR’s Office of GATT (General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade) Affairs, and served as an Associate Fellow at the Overseas Development Council (ODC) from 1975-1980.   What is the significance of this appointment about this time especially in corporate America and the global stage where there is an on-going advocacy to see more women occupy vital positions such as the CCA portfolio provides?  I think we are living in an interesting time in history. There are important conversations taking place all over the world right now about globalisation and how we do business internationally. It is a period of change and a time of uncertainty as the new U.S. Administration begins to shape a range of policies that will, no doubt, impact the U.S.-Africa relationship broadly, and U.S.-Africa business engagement specifically. There is also a lot of change happening on the continent as well. There are new presidents in Ghana and the Gambia, and we’ll be watching elections in Kenya, Liberia, Rwanda, and Angola very closely.  There are many challenges and opportunities that U.S. policy should address because we cannot afford to ignore the second fastest growing market in the world. Now, more than ever, is the time for a call to action by the U.S. and African private sector to help shape the Trump Administration’s Africa agenda and policies. CCA, and I as its president, have a vital role to play.   It will be more appropriate to follow this up by asking what are the aims and objectives of the Corporate Council on Africa?  CCA hosted its Annual Membership Meeting earlier this month, and I told our members that my goal for the organization is for CCA to be the most valuable resource for companies and organisations doing business in Africa. It’s a simple, but ambitious goal I have set outfor me and my staff.   Coming from government where you were the US trade representative what synergy will the Council stand to benefit by way of your experience?  There is actually not too much work for me to do in terms of building synergies between CCA and U.S. government agencies. The organization already enjoyed very strong relationships with the U.S. government before I took office, and has a strong reputation for bipartisanship and working with whichever administration is in office. We have hosted former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama and have worked with U.S. agencies relevant to our member companies. I plan to continue this strong tradition and build upon CCA’s work to date.   Since you had earlier keyed in the issue of your vision, will you like to elaborate on this even if informally?  As I previously mentioned, I want this organization to be the most valuable resource for companies doing business in Africa. To accomplish this goal, I plan to focus on four key things at the moment: reorienting the organization to provide more services beyond our events; expanding our footprint on the continent and our reach outside the Washington, DC metro area; growing our membership; and maintaining our critical role as a convener of business stakeholders in Africa and in the United States. In my first 50 days in office, we launched a series of policy workshops called the U.S.-Africa Business Dialogue. These meetings will convene business leaders to make policy recommendations to the new administration for their specific sectors. I also just returned from my first trip to the continent as President and CEO of CCA, where I met with CCA members and other businesses in South Africa and Kenya.   When do you intend to visit Nigeria?  Don’t worry; I intend to visit Nigeria soon. Finally, we will be hosting our flagship conference, the 11th Biennial U.S.-Africa Business Summit on June 13-16, 2016 in Washington, DC. The summit will convene over 1,000 business and government leaders focused on doing business in Africa.   How many Nigerian businessmen and interests are active participants of the CCA?  We have 26 member companies in Nigeria – indigenous and multinationals including leading businesses like Dangote Group, Microsoft, Zenith Bank, ExxonMobil, Heirs Holdings, Procter and Gamble, Adepetun Caxton-Martins Agbor & Segun (ACAS-LAW), Caterpillar and Afro Tourism. About 15% of our member companies are African and it’s our fastest growing demographic within membership. Nigerian companies make up almost 50% of that number.  We are fortunate to have Mr. Aliko Dangote and Mr. Jim Ovia on our Board of Directors and we also have a satellite office in Abuja. Mr. Ekenem Isichei, our Director for West Africa, heads that office.   Can you espouse on your earlier statement that there are many challenges and opportunities that U.S. policy should address because we cannot afford to ignore the second fastest growing market in the world?  Certainly. When CCA was founded in 1993 with a few, passionate members, Africa was in fact largely ignored as a market and viable business opportunity for Americans. Today, Africa is undergoing the most rapid urbanization rate of any region – 1 billion people with 50% under the age of 20; and despite recent changes in the African market, spending by Africa’s consumers and businesses already totals $4 trillion. Africa is also more connected now than ever before as its internet usage has grown at a pace seven times faster than the global average. In addition to having 60% of the world’s uncultivated arable land, the McKinsey Global Institute (MGI) projects that Africa could double its manufacturing output and we have already begun seeing more value-added agricultural and non-oil products entering global markets, including the United States. What this means for U.S. and African business is that there are incredible opportunities for greater and more diversified trade and investment. We must also acknowledge though, that along with these great opportunities, there remain some troubling problems.  There are pockets of high unemployment and poverty, and it is still unnecessarily cumbersome to do business in many countries.   How does the CCA intend to help the Trump Administration in shaping its Africa agenda and policies?  To be frank, there have been a lot of think pieces and talking heads speculating on what the Trump Administration’s policies towards Africa will be, but there have been no official announcements yet. I think there is a link between the administration’s priorities in Africa (such as peace and security) and the continent’s economic development.  CCA is uniquely positioned to “connect the dots” between what is important to the new U.S. Administration and what’s important to U.S. and African businesses – including greater trade, investment, and job creation; and lead a dialogue on the U.S. stake in greater U.S.-Africa economic engagement.   Would you like to talk more on the U.S.-Africa Business Dialogue?  As I mentioned earlier, it will be an on-going series of policy workshops that will bring business leaders and stakeholders together to make recommendations for specific industries. Our first workshops focused on energy and power, agribusiness, technology and infrastructure. These recommendations will be shared with the Trump White House, as well as relevant U.S. government agencies working in those sectors and on those issues.   What is the CCA’s trade policy, and the expectations under your administration?  CCA does not develop trade policies for governments. We do, however, advocate for policies both in the U.S. and on the continent that facilitate U.S.-Africa trade and investment, many of which have an impact on our members’ business and investments. As a convener, we do leverage our connections with regional bodies and governments to ensure the private sector has a voice in policy discussions which are key to building enabling business environments.   How is the CCA helping African countries maximise their energy resources including the ability to supply regular electricity to every household and industry?  CCA primarily works for the private sector, but we recognize that the power deficit on the continent is one of the largest constraints to business. Power and electrification will require an incredible amount of investments over the next few years and I think it will be accomplished through innovative public-private partnerships. In fact, we will be discussing how these partnerships are put together at the CCA Africa Finance Forum on April 20, which is taking place on the sidelines of the World Bank Spring Meeting. CCA has a number of member companies, such as Symbion Power, that are active partners in Power Africa projects.  Power Africa, an initiative of the U.S. government, is bringing together technical and legal experts, the private sector, and governments from around the world to work in partnership to increase the production of electricity in Africa and the number of Africans with access to electricity. Beyond Power Africa, several CCA members are engaged in various power generation initiatives across the continent.   One of your key areas of emphasis is infrastructure development. Would you like once more to get into this conversation?  Similar to energy, infrastructure is also a massive constraint on business growth. In 2011, former President of AfDB announced that it would cost approximately US$90b every year for the next decade to address Africa’s infrastructure deficit. Our infrastructure program at CCA is one of our most active and our members are constantly involved in new deals and projects on the continent. In fact, CCA member, Acrow Bridge, won the U.S. ExIm Deal of the Year award last year for their project supplying bridges to Cameroon.   President Trump has said one of his major emphases would be security, fighting terrorism globally. How is the CCA leveraging into this to benefit members fighting one form of insurgency or the other in the continent?  As I stated, I think there is a link between the administration’s priorities in Africa and the continent’s economic development. A lot of insurgency, especially on the continent, can be linked to poverty and unemployment and the private sector remains the best driver of economic growth and development. Security is also a sector focus at CCA because it affects every facet of business. We are not only interested in supporting CCA member companies that provide security-related equipment, services and training,  we are also interested in how security affects business outcomes in other key sectors such as tourism and infrastructure.   How is the CCA working to increase and enhance the value of agricultural products coming from Nigeria and other African countries especially as primary export items?   Once again, it is important to note that CCA does not itself invest in agricultural production, but rather is working closely with member companies to support investments in African agriculture and agribusiness. CCA has a number of member companies in the agribusiness sector working to modernize African agriculture and boost the sector’s profile so governments recognize that agriculture is in fact, big business. Developing the agricultural value chain and processing and producing more than just raw materials would also enable Nigeria and other African nations to take advantage of duty free access to the U.S. market for those products under the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA).   Would you like to elaborate on your finance programme for African countries and how it has fared till date?  We do not have a finance program for African countries, like the World Bank or IMF; rather, we have a strong finance working group program comprised of CCA member company banks, private equity, investors and business leaders focused on issues relating to raising capital and facilitating business transactions in Africa. Previous articleAkinsanya: SMEs  Face Myriad Challenges Impeding their Growth Next articleDeveloping Skills with Technology Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business Analysts Hail IMF Assessment of Nigeria’s Economic Recovery Plan Business As New Owners Acquire Keystone Bank… Business The Journey towards Exchange Rate Convergence 987,748FansLike 733,882FollowersFollow Latest News PDP Caucus Accuses Tinubu, EFCC of Conspiracy to Destroy Senate April 2, 2017 Bamaiyi: How NADECO Leaders Betrayed Abiola April 2, 2017 Meningitis Death Toll Rises to 328  in 16 States, 90 LGAs April 2, 2017 NNPC Moves to Avert Petrol Tanker Drivers’ Strike April 2, 2017 To Sustain Liquidity, CBN Set for More Forex Injection into Market April 2, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Saturday 1st April 2017 April 2, 2017 0 Recent Comments Ade Whenu on PDP Caucus Accuses Tinubu, EFCC of Conspiracy to Destroy Senate gohen on Fiddling While Rome Burns Daniel Obior on Nigerians Decry Increase in DStv Subscription Fee umar ardo on Fresh Communal Clash in Osun Injures 10, Market Destroyed Alabi Adedoyin on PDP Caucus Accuses Tinubu, EFCC of Conspiracy to Destroy Senate MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 440 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST PDP Caucus Accuses Tinubu, EFCC of Conspiracy to Destroy Senate April 2, 2017 Bamaiyi: How NADECO Leaders Betrayed Abiola April 2, 2017 Meningitis Death Toll Rises to 328  in 16 States, 90 LGAs April 2, 2017 NNPC Moves to Avert Petrol Tanker Drivers’ Strike April 2, 2017 To Sustain Liquidity, CBN Set for More Forex Injection into Market April 2, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 440 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
blog news articles page Contact us Ut-thesiscls Ut-thesiscls news New product business plan pdf Business News, Personal Finance and Money News - ABC News Date: 2017-04-01 21:17 More videos «New product business plan pdf» Business Plan Pro — Business Plan Software to Write Sample Business Plans Sprint Business Success in business is always based on doing something you love and enjoy, which is fundamentally related to your natural strengths and unique personal potential, whatever that is. Business Plan Pro — Business Plan Software to Write These are the crucial things the business needs to do to deliver on its propositions and make the rest of the business work- for example, if selling through 8 rd parties is part of the model, then activity around channel management is probably pretty important. Sample Business Plans Cosmetology is as large an industry as the tobacco industry. Big businesses are recognizing the billions of dollars consumers spend each year in our industry and they are buying up the major manufacturers. Redken was bought by Cosimar, Matrix by Proctor and Gamble to use as two examples. Sprint Business Key resources are the strategic assets you need in place, and you need in place to a greater or more targeted degree than your competitors. The Business Model Canvas proposes that there are three core business types: product, scope, and infrastructure. These tend to have similar types of Key Resources. “All liquor store consumers will be served as if Bronson 8767 s were the last place a liquor store consumer will visit and no liquor store consumer will leave the premises feeling as if they have not been taken care of.” Start-ups are especially prone to tax surprises because the first set of tax bills can commonly be delayed, and if you fail to account properly for all taxes due then obviously you increase the chances of spending more than you should do, resulting in not having adequate funds to cover the payments when they are due. By moving into these expanded areas and geographic regions Bronson 8767 s ensures that it will be the liquor sales and supply center of choice for an even larger percentage of the local Lenexa population. By January 6998 an advisory board, including two highly qualified business and industry professionals, will assist our management team in making appropiate decisions and taking the most effective action however, they will not be responsible for management decisions. Understanding personality is also useful since personality-type greatly influences the way that a person approaches self-employment or running an enterprise, and what sort of service or business to offer. The Personality Styles page provides a lot of explanation about this. If your proposition(s) cannot be seen as leading to any of the above then customers will not be very interested in you. «New product business plan pdf» in pictures. More images «New product business plan pdf». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml | News
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 April 2017 by Military News Sustainable Brands Announces Full Conference Program for SB’17 Detroit Interface, KIND Healthy Snacks, Chobani, Google, IBM among companies confirmed to showcase how sustainability-led innovation can drive business success SAN FRANCISCO, Mar. 29 /CSRwire/ –  Sustainable Brands® recently announced full program details for SB’17 Detroit, running May 22-25 at the Cobo Center in downtown Detroit. The conference will convene more than 2,000 senior executives, top brand strategists and leading sustainability practitioners to discover how brands can position themselves for success against a backdrop of changing societal needs. SB’17 Detroit marks the launch of a global initiative to discover how redefined societal aspirations are transforming the way brands deliver value for their customers. Brand leaders, sustainability practitioners and design innovators will unite in Detroit for a collective conversation about how businesses can emerge as leaders in the 21st century economy. More than 300 influential leaders and cutting-edge practitioners of environmental and social innovation will host interactive discussions, breakout sessions, plenary presentations, deep-dive workshops and networking activities, including: Hamdi Ulukaya, CEO of Chobani, emphasizing how inclusion and a strong focus on employee wealth creation can drive business success. Sarah Chandler, Director of Operations and Environmental Initiatives at Apple, exposing the challenges of creating a closed loop supply chain and pulling the curtain on research and innovation facilitating a circular economy. Daniel Lubetzky, CEO of KIND Healthy Snacks, sharing how to lead with empathy and why it’s more important than ever to build bridges between people. Lorna Davis, Chief Manifesto Catalyst at Danone, Michael Arena, Chief Talent Officer at General Motors, and Kimberly Kleiman-Lee, Senior Executive Leadership Development at General Electric, revealing how to reinvent brands inside and out with compelling new visions. Neil Hawkins, Chief Sustainability Officer at The Dow Chemical Company, Pashon Murray, Co-Founder of Detroit Dirt, Hajj Flemmings, Founder of re:Brand Detroit, Tyson Gersh, Co-Founder and President of the Michigan Urban Farming Initiative (MUFI), and the Ford Motor Company sharing stories of transformative journeys in and around Detroit, America’s comeback city. David Levine, Co-Founder and CEO of the American Sustainable Business Council, Nelson Switzer, Chief Sustainability Officer at Nestlé Waters, Mindy Lubber, President of Ceres, Olivia Kalihi, Director of Yahoo for Good at Yahoo!, and Meghan French Dunbar, Co-Founder of Conscious Company Media debating the role of brands in inspiring and uniting consumers in the midst of social tension, political division and deregulation. Paul Norman, President, North America at Kellogg Company, Virginie Helias, Vice President of Global Sustainability at Procter & Gamble, and Nour Tayara, Assistant Vice President of Marketing at L’Oreal, unpacking new product innovation and marketing strategies aimed at changing consumer behavior toward more sustainable consumption norms. Dr. Victor Pineda, President & Founder of the Pineda Foundation / World Enabled discussing how brands can design for the true inclusion of all of humanity. Kristina Kloberdanz, the Corporate Responsibility Leader at IBM, demonstrating what Watson can do and how the world’s most popular supercomputer is enabling the Good Life. Charlene Wall-Warren, Director of Sustainability at BASF, showcasing a breakthrough value-to-society approach in a calculating a brand’s contribution to society along the entire value chain. “The emergence of today’s pressing social and environmental challenges is stirring global brand leaders to drive positive and real change – with business success,” states KoAnn Vikoren Skrzyniarz, Founder of Sustainable Brands. “We’re seeing courageous leaders and brilliant ideas coming from both the tried-and-true powerhouse brands of the 20th century as well as the disruptive innovators of the 21st century. Having our community convene in Detroit – the birthplace of American innovation and now re-invention – is providing the perfect backdrop for this year’s event.” In addition to conference programming, the Activation Hub at SB’17 Detroit will be fertile ground for collaboration with Innovation Labs focused around ‘Good Life Pavilions’. Each Innovation Lab will consist of a Subject Matter Expert, a Facilitator and several sponsors, exhibitors and attendees committed to sharing ideas around product/industry sectors. Several confirmed pavilions include: Good Mobility hosted by Ford Motor Company, Good Chemistry hosted by The Dow Chemical Company, Good Cities hosted by BASF, Good Packaging hosted by Amazon, Good Logistics hosted by UPS, and Good Homes hosted by Procter & Gamble.  Other Pavilions include Good Agricultural featuring Wrangler, Good Food featuring WhiteWave Foods and U.S. Farmers & Ranchers Alliance, Good Travel featuring United, and Good Materials featuring Vinyl Business & Sustainability Council among others. This global gathering of prominent business leaders is led by Lead Sponsors Ford Motor Company, The Dow Chemical Company, and BASF. Sustainable Brands Strategic Partner is the Retail Industry Leaders Association. Principal Sponsors include Nestlé and Citizen Group. Target, UPS, Amazon, and Procter & Gamble are Premier sponsors and Savers, Shaw Industries Group, Ltd., Braskem, General Motors, WhiteWave Foods, Vinyl Business & Sustainability Council, and United are Major Sponsors. Additional sponsors and partners include: CVS Health, BillerudKorsnäs, DuPont, NSF International, Forest Stewardship Council, Whirlpool, Cone Communications, South Pole Group, NatureBank, Harris Insights & Analytics, The Huffington Post, Innovation & Tech Today, Forum for the Future, among others. For further information on the conference program, a complete list of confirmed speakers and sponsors or available sponsorship opportunities, please visit the conference website at www.SB17Detroit.com. Registration is now open and global business leaders with innovative solutions are encouraged to participate. About Sustainable Brands Sustainable Brands® is the premier global community of brand innovators who are shaping the future of commerce worldwide. Since 2006, our mission has been to inspire, engage and equip today’s business and brand leaders to prosper for the near and long term by leading the way to a better future. Digitally published news articles and issues-focused conversation topics, internationally known conferences and regional events, a robust e-learning library and peer-to-peer membership groups all facilitate community learning and engagement throughout the year. Sustainable Brands is hosted by Sustainable Brands Worldwide, a division of Sustainable Life Media headquartered in San Francisco, CA. ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Avnet and Arizona State University to Host Inaugural ASU Innovation Open Next PostNext Plasticity Forums Return to the U.S. This Spring Search Recent Posts Statement by Federica Mogherini and Commissioner Christos Stylianides following the landslides in Colombia Thrilling NHRA Four-Wide Nationals Returns to zMax Dragway for One-of-a-Kind NHRA Mello Yello Grad Racing Series Event Google News – satPRnews 2017-04-02 00:43:52 Brazilian Dam Causes Too Much or Too Little Water in Amazon Villages Net Element Reports Full-Year 2016 Financial Results and Provides Business Update Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Antiseptics and Disinfectants Market 2017 New Investment Projects Review ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Market Research Report 2017 The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification. (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 01, 2017 ) This report studies Antiseptics and Disinfectants in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering 3M DuPont Ecolab Henkel P&G SC Johnson & Son Clorox ABC Compounding Kao BASF Metrex Reckitt Benckiser Group PAUL HARTMANN AG NOVUS ECO-TECHNOLOGY Bio-AntiBact Europe GmbH KILCO Unilever ZEP INC For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-antiseptics-and-disinfectants-market-research-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Antiseptics and Disinfectants in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast) , like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Disinfectants Antiseptics Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Antiseptics and Disinfectants in each application, can be divided into Hygiene Food and Feed Drinking Water Medical Device and Stuff Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001609422/sample Table of Content 1 Antiseptics and Disinfectants Market Overview 2 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Supply (Production) , Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Consumption by Regions (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Antiseptics and Disinfectants Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Antiseptics and Disinfectants Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Antiseptics and Disinfectants Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Antiseptics and Disinfectants Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Antiseptics and Disinfectants Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Antiseptics and Disinfectants Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Production, Revenue (Value) , Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 3M 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Antiseptics and Disinfectants Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 3M Antiseptics and Disinfectants Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 DuPont 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Antiseptics and Disinfectants Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 DuPont Antiseptics and Disinfectants Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Ecolab 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Antiseptics and Disinfectants Product Type, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Ecolab Antiseptics and Disinfectants Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Antiseptics and Disinfectants Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001609422/buy/2900. And get, Discount on report purchase at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001609422/discount. Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +91-20-67278686 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Sections News Black History Month Obituaries State Courts/Police Data Center Business Stocks Election Coughlin School Work: Wilkes-Barre Area projects Veterans Graduation Amazing Kids Sports Olympics Varsity Voice Varsity570 Gameface RailRiders Penguins College Triathlon Hooper Award Classic Wildlife Penn State National Sports Arts & Living Bazaars Community JumpStart! Calendar Games People Food and Drink Schools Hot Shot Couponing Festivals Blogs Penn State Blog RailRiders Varsity Voice Penguins Insider College Corner Take 2 Blog Editor's Note Photo Blog Wildlife Blog Facebook The Citizens' Voice CV Sports JumpStart! Pittston Progress NEPA Bazaars Submit Send in community announcements, new tips, weddings, engagements and anniversaries Opinion Editorials Letters Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Contact Presspass Become a carrier Trial Print Subscriptions Print Advertising Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace e-Edition Subscribe READ THE CITIZENS' VOICE Access the Citizens' Voice e-Edition on your computer or smart device in its original print format. Home delivery subscribers can read it free! Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Citizens' Voice on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at citizensvoice.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. News • Obituaries • Sports • Arts & Living • Opinion • Contact • e-Edition • Classifieds Kidney donation gives Father's Day a special meaning Got a news tip? We welcome readers’ input. Send your story ideas or news tips here. (read more) POLL Have you ever run in a half marathon? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Facebook Like us to get local news and more delivered to your news feed. (read more) Tweets by @CitizensVoice Most Read Recent Comments Teens credited for helping find missing ‘kids for cash’ judge Pipeline project seeks easements on holdouts Dallas teachers and thepublic deserve the truth Twitter tip leads to child porn charges against W-B man Shickshinny man killed in hit-and-run crash Obituaries Askew, Dorothy Ann Asklar, Frederick R. Curry, James P. Kelly Jr., Patrick Matrisciano, Mary Philomena Nasser, Laura Olmstead, Frances "Fran" Pisarewicz, Patricia Falchetti (Kraynak) Potorski, Joseph Francis Scouton, Jean Marie By Denise Allabaugh (staff writer) / Published: June 19, 2011 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Dr. Chintalapati Varma discusses the kidney transplant surgery he performed on Duryea resident Joseph Mies. From left, are Varma, Joseph Mies and Robert Mies. Warren Ruda / The Citizens' Voice Duryea resident Joseph Mies gave his father the ultimate gift: his kidney. As he celebrates Father's Day today at a cook-out at his home with his father Robert and family, Joseph Mies said he knows he already gave his father the greatest gift by donating his kidney during a transplant at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center in Plains Township. PLAINS TWP. - Duryea resident Joseph Mies gave his father the ultimate gift: his kidney. As he celebrates Father's Day today at a cook-out at his home with his father Robert and family, Joseph Mies said he knows he already gave his father the greatest gift, the gift of life, by offering his kidney in a transplant at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center in Plains Township in August last year. He said this Father's Day is extra special for him because his father is still here. "We had never been overt about expressing our love. We aren't like that, but this is a good way to say, 'I love you, Dad'," he said during an interview Friday in the transplant department in Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center with his father and mother, Angie. Robert Mies, 74, a Wright Township resident who worked at Procter and Gamble in Mehoopany for more than 30 years, suffered inflammation of his kidneys and began to develop problems five years ago. When his kidneys failed, he underwent dialysis treatment three times a week to replace his kidneys' functions. He said he had infections and other trouble from dialysis treatments, which remove waste products and excess fluids from the bloodstream. "Maybe dialysis is good for some people, but it was horrible for me," he said. "I guess other people can take it better. It was absolute misery for me." Robert Mies has two other children, Bob and Judy Sedlak, and nine grandchildren. When doctors suggested a kidney transplant as a treatment option, all his children and others were willing to give up a kidney for him but his son Joseph matched and his father was relieved his son fit the criteria. "He was willing. I couldn't ask anyone to do that," Mies said. Ten months after the kidney transplant, Mies said he's doing is great, but he continues to take several medications. "I take my puppy for walks and go fishing and I do all my own yard work," he said. Joseph Mies, 48, a married father of three who owns USA Sports in Scranton, a distributor of sports nutrition and health products, also is doing well. He said he wanted to donate his kidney after seeing that dialysis wasn't an option anymore for his father. "As bad as dialysis was, it really wasn't an option," he said. "We were praying about it and hoping that we were a match." The Mies family will join more than 900 other families on Friday at a picnic at Knoebels Grove Amusement Park hosted by Geisinger for transplant patients. Geisinger Medical Center in Danville has conducted 1,109 transplants since 1981, while Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center has performed 63 kidney transplants since 2006, said spokesman Matt Van Stone. Drs. Chintalapati Varma and Manish Gupta performed the Mies' kidney transplant procedure. Joseph Mies said he was thankful they were able to do this procedure close to home. "We just had to go right here," he said. "I was in one room and he was in another and they took my kidney and brought it over to him. We were thrilled with the care we got. Four days later, I was home. Six days later, I was feeling better. In two or three weeks, I was back to work. Two or three days after I got home, I felt good and my dad was good and it all worked out." Varma said family members are the preferred choice for transplant donors and transplants can be a better treatment option when kidneys fail than dialysis, he said. "There is a big advantage to having live donors," Varma said. "Nobody wants to be on dialysis. When you're on dialysis, you're getting needles stuck in you. You can get hypertension, feel nauseated and have cramps. When you have to sit there for hours, you're miserable. Now, he can lead a normal life." dallabaugh@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2115 We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 75 N. Washington St. Wilkes-Barre, PA 18701 (570) 821-2000 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Citizens' Voice PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND WILKES-BARRE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Sunday | April 02, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Apr 02, 10:49 am Maid screams for help as Kuwaiti employer films her fall Apr 02, 10:47 am Chicago police arrest 14-year-old in sex assault on Facebook Apr 02, 10:06 am U.S.-led fight against ISIS killed four civilians in February: Pentagon Apr 02, 09:43 am Irrespective of how one looks, everyone is beautiful: Rahim Pardesi Apr 02, 09:23 am Bomb wounds 16 near police training center in Egypt's Nile Delta Apr 02, 09:00 am ISIS second-in-command killed in airstrike: Iraqi intelligence Apr 02, 08:42 am Custodian of shrine 'confesses' to killing 20 disciples: DC Sargodha Apr 02, 08:17 am 18 injured in accidental blast at carnival in Paris   US-Pakistan Women’s Council mobilises female talent April 01, 2017 SHARE : SHAFQAT ALI Tweet Islamabad - US Ambassador to Pakistan David Hale Friday said that the US-Pakistan Women’s Council was a model of assistance that mobilised female talent. The US envoy met with over 60 Pakistani women entrepreneurs, corporate executives, and capacity-building organisations at the US embassy for a Supply Chain Diversity Expo hosted by the US Pakistan Women’s Council and Women’s Entrepreneurial Center of Resources, Education, Access, and Training for Economic Empowerment Pakistan known as WECREATE.  Ambassador Hale congratulated the entrepreneurs on starting businesses and urged them to continue to inspire others with their creativity and determination.  He also recognised WECREATE/Pakistan and USPWC Corporate Member Companies, including Proctor and Gamble, The Resource Group, Engro, PepsiCo, General Electric, Citibank and The Coca-Cola Company for providing women-owned businesses the opportunity to market their products and services to industry leaders. Ambassador Hale said the US-Pakistan Women’s Council builds international economic ties, and promotes economic growth and social stability, “all of which benefit both Pakistan and America.” Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo briefed the entrepreneurs on their procurement processes and offered to help interested female suppliers connect with relevant procurement teams in their companies.  During this session, Procter & Gamble’s Communication Manager, Claudia Manuel, said: “When Pakistani women succeed, we all win.” USPWC intends to facilitate continuing connections through its networking platform and working with TRG to host a second supply chain diversity event in Karachi later this year. Women entrepreneurs attending the event had received training at WECREATE/Pakistan, and the Lahore University of Management Sciences through the US Embassy-supported Pakistan Women Entrepreneur Program managed in partnership with American University.  Participants from the World Bank’s WomenX entrepreneurship training programme, conducted with the advisory firm Enclude at the Government College University, also took part in the event. The Expo is the second in a series of events planned under the USPWC supply chain diversity initiative, which aims to help women-owned businesses access sustainable markets by linking them with corporate procurement representatives.  The first of these events occurred in April 2016 at Packages Limited in Lahore.  This news was published in The Nation newspaper. Read complete newspaper of 01-Apr-2017 here. Tweet More by SHAFQAT ALI RELATED NEWS February 10, 2013 PPP mobilises district bodies for seats adjustment June 11, 2012 N mobilises hundreds against outages September 30, 2011 CM mobilises primary healthcare facilities April 11, 2010 Army mobilises 50,000 troops for biggest-ever war games MORE IN ISLAMABAD April 02, 2017 Govt urged to slash number of missed children April 02, 2017 Two suspects held in search operation April 02, 2017 Annual Lok Mela from April 7 April 02, 2017 RDA seals illegal construction of public school Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Did Jinnah and Nehru reject their sons-in-law for religious ... Pak-Afghan border closed again India 'jettisoning no-first-use of nukes against Pakistan' Trump storms out of executive order signing ceremony ATC issues non-bailable arrest warrants against Altaf ... Sindh govt seeks IG Allah Dino Khawaja's removal Fire eruption in Khushhal Khan Khattak Express injures one Pak-Afghan border closed again LATEST COMMENTS Eddied ISIS is on it's way out...this religious aberration led by al Bagdadi has killed thousands of Muslims through his self declared caliphate...he used the teachings of radical Islamic fanatics to recruit... Eddied Pakistan made a big mistake in 1974 by foolishly allowing a law to be made regarding specific religious beliefs...Until your leaders finally wake up to the disaster they have created for Ahmadies and ... Eddied the "warped sense of religion" written about in this editorial is the root cause of this terrorism...what is Pakistan doing to change these toxic beliefs promoted by some mullahs?...until something is... More On Page 13 ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Eddied ISIS is on it's way out...this religious aberration led by al Bagdadi has killed thousands of Muslims through his self declared caliphate...he used the teachings of radical Islamic fanatics to recruit... Eddied Pakistan made a big mistake in 1974 by foolishly allowing a law to be made regarding specific religious beliefs...Until your leaders finally wake up to the disaster they have created for Ahmadies and ... Eddied the "warped sense of religion" written about in this editorial is the root cause of this terrorism...what is Pakistan doing to change these toxic beliefs promoted by some mullahs?...until something is... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Skip to content Follow: Search for: Recent Posts Are Millenials More Passive Than Previous Generations? TSU Blood Drive Allows Students to Help Others Taking Pride in Our Faculty TSU Holds First Sadie Hawkins Dance Annual Women of Legend and Merit Awards Mar. 21 Categories Beauty Campus Life Crime Editorials Entertainment Features Health Homecoming Letters to the Editor Miscellaneous News Politics Recipes Sports Student Affairs Student Government Uncategorized Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 Latest Tweets Bad Authentication data. Please enter valid API Keys. News TSU Graduate Jackson is the New Mr. Clean by Shayla Simmons · March 2, 2017 By Raven Ashlee Mosely-Hall Staff Writer Mr. Clean has cleaned himself up and become a new man! TSU graduate Mike Jackson has replaced the iconic cartoon of the tall, handsome man dressed in all white with a single gold hoop earring, after 59 years. Procter & Gamble held a contest looking for the new Mr. Clean, and after hundreds of videos were submitted, they selected fellow TSU Tiger Mike Jackson. Mike graduated from TSU in 2003. While here he went to every home football game and while in high school in Atlanta, he played the sport himself. He majored in Marketing, and now he works in Sports Marketing. Jackson made his debut in a commercial during the Super Bowl. “I’m a big football fan so being at the Super Bowl is pretty incredible,” said Jackson, who spent the week on radio row in his Mr. Clean garb doing interviews for the product. “I was really excited when I heard that would be my first duty as Mr. Clean. I can’t wait to see what else they have in store for me the rest of the year.” Mr. Clean still has the slick bald head, gold earring and the tight white shirt we all know and love. But Mr. Jackson is different because he’s adding diversity to the brand, and quite frankly, can even help with the image of black men and how they are depicted. Mike is making us proud. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website University News: © 2017 The Meter
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Photo from 2006 in Cedar Rapids leads to worldwide recognition of new cloud Special Olympics Iowa hosts Spring Games in Cedar Rapids Alcohol ban still likely for Lake Macbride beach this summer Iowa State football building depth through spring scrimmages Katie Hallman starts as TCR’s new executive director, aims for sustained growth “Bobby! Bobby!”: Former fan favorite Bobby Goepfert returns to C.R. for HOF induction Korry Howell makes immediate impact for Kirkwood Iowa State football building depth through spring scrimmages Alcohol ban still likely for Lake Macbride beach this summer Left in ruins, A fascination with abandoned places turns into graphic memoir for UI grad Apple, Wal-Mart stick with climate promise Decisions come after Trump shaves U.S. policies Video Photo Bloomberg Emissions rise from the Dominion Resources Inc. Mount Storm Generating Station in Mount Storm, W. Va., in January. By Bloomberg News Apr 1, 2017 at 11:02 am | Print View Many of America’s biggest corporations including Apple and Wal-Mart Stores are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts his predecessor’s environmental policies. Companies say their pledges, coordinated by the Obama administration, reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come. “This work is embedded in our business,” Wal-Mart spokesman Kevin Gardner said in an email. It’s “good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win, too.” Wal-Mart was one of 81 companies that promised to reduce emissions in the run up to the 2015 Paris global climate negotiations. The company upped its targets last November, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025. Trump signed an order Tuesday that tells the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to reconsider former President Barack Obama’s climate rules, and rescinds a series of orders Obama issued to embed consideration of climate change in government actions from where to lease buildings to whether to allow oil pipelines to be built. “Most big companies in the U.S. recognize that climate change is real,” Geoffrey M. Heal, a professor at Columbia Business School, said in a telephone interview. “They need to move ahead on the climate change front no matter what Trump’s government does.” Business’s biggest lobbying force supports Trump on this issue. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce welcomed Trump’s order calling that shift “vital to stimulating economic growth.” The group argues that Obama’s regulations held back economic growth, preventing business owners from constructing needed pipelines, roads and other infrastructure. It also warned that the climate push would lead to a jump in energy prices. But many of the group’s members and other corporate titans supported Obama’s Clean Power Plan, or have set their own goals. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer maker, also announced Tuesday that it would get 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025. Nearly 90 companies have made similar pledges, according to the Sierra Club. “We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted,” General Electric’s CEO Jeffrey Immelt, wrote in an internal blog post shared by the company. “We hope that the United States continues to play a constructive role in furthering solutions to these challenges, and at GE, we will continue to lead with our technology and actions.” Mars, the maker of M&Ms, committed to eliminating its emissions entirely by 2040. Andy Pharoah, vice president of corporate affairs, said that Mars is “disappointed the administration has decided to roll back climate regulations.” Technology companies including Apple, Amazon.com, Alphabet Inc.’s Google and Microsoft also expressed their support for Obama’s policies. “We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth,” the companies said in a joint statement after Trump’s order was signed. Other companies, while stopping short of criticizing the Trump administration, said they would keep pursuing lower emissions in their own operations. Procter & Gamble, Nestle Inc., Ikea, Levi Strauss & Co. and Best Buy Co., which all signed the 2015 pledge organized by the Obama administration, said they still intended to honor their commitments. “We will continue to integrate sustainability into our business practices, operations, innovation, brand building and culture,” Damon Jones, a spokesman for Procter & Gamble said. Many energy businesses welcomed Trump’s rollback. The Independent Petroleum Association of America, which represents oil and natural gas producers, joined the Chamber of Commerce in praising his move. So did the National Federation of Independent Business, which challenged the Clean Power Plan in court. “People are going to freeze in the dark because of the destruction of the reliable electric power grid under Obama and the Democrats,” Robert Murray, the president and CEO of coal-mining company Murray Energy Corp. said in an interview. “Mr. Trump is doing the right things.” Some environmental groups cautioned that action from the private sector, wasn’t enough to make up for the pullback in federal policy. “Policy is going to be required to get us where we need to be,” said Karen Palmer, research director at Resources for the Future. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Colombia landslide kills 154 on city out ... Apple, Wal-Mart stick with climate promi ... China counters Trump trade threat with b ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 48° Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics 2017 Omaha election Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line FEI World Cup Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Dining reviews Food Prowl: Omaha's best Living The Better Half Momaha Good News Health & Fitness FEI World Cup Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Fitness Health and medicine Nutrition Sex & Relationships Real People, Real Inspiration Live Well Nebraska Magazine Consumer Calendar Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Omaha's Choice Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Search job listings Join our Team Inside Business Legal Notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 48° Overcast Omaha, NE (68102) Today Light rain early. Then remaining cloudy. High 59F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Cloudy skies early, followed by partial clearing. Low 43F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 2, 2017 @ 12:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Omaha's Choice Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Despite executive order from Trump, companies are standing by promises to curb their emissions “This work is embedded in our business. (It’s) good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win too.” Bloomberg News Apr 1, 2017 (…) Many of America’s biggest corporations, including Apple and Walmart Stores, are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts his predecessor’s environmental policies. Companies say their pledges, coordinated by the Obama administration, reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come. “This work is embedded in our business,” Walmart spokesman Kevin Gardner said in an email. It’s “good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win too.” Walmart was one of 81 companies that promised to reduce emissions in the run up to the 2015 Paris global climate negotiations. The company upped its targets last November, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025. Trump signed an order Tuesday that tells the Environmental Protection Agency to reconsider former President Barack Obama’s climate rules, and rescinds a series of orders Obama issued to embed consideration of climate change in government actions — from where to lease buildings to whether to allow oil pipelines to be built. “Most big companies in the U.S. recognize that climate change is real,” Geoffrey M. Heal, a professor at Columbia Business School, said in a telephone interview. “They need to move ahead on the climate change front no matter what Trump’s government does.” Business’ biggest lobbying force supports Trump on this issue. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce welcomed Trump’s order, calling that shift “vital to stimulating economic growth.” The group argues that Obama’s regulations held back economic growth, preventing business owners from constructing needed pipelines, roads and other infrastructure. It also warned that the climate push would lead to a jump in energy prices. But many of the group’s members and other corporate titans supported Obama’s Clean Power Plan, or have set their own goals. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer-maker, also announced Tuesday that it would get 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025. Nearly 90 companies have made similar pledges, according to the Sierra Club. “We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted,” General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt wrote in an internal blog post shared by the company. “We hope that the United States continues to play a constructive role in furthering solutions to these challenges, and at GE, we will continue to lead with our technology and actions.” Mars, the maker of M&M’s, committed to eliminating its emissions entirely by 2040. Andy Pharoah, vice president of corporate affairs, said that Mars is “disappointed the administration has decided to roll back climate regulations.” Technology companies including Apple, Amazon.com, Alphabet Inc.’s Google and Microsoft also expressed their support for Obama’s policies. “We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation and job growth,” the companies said in a joint statement after Trump’s order was signed. Other companies, while stopping short of criticizing the Trump administration, said they would keep pursuing lower emissions in their own operations. Procter & Gamble, Nestle Inc., Ikea, Levi Strauss & Co. and Best Buy Co., which all signed the 2015 pledge organized by the Obama administration, said they still intended to honor their commitments. “We will continue to integrate sustainability into our business practices, operations, innovation, brand building and culture,” said Damon Jones, a spokesman for Procter & Gamble. Many energy businesses welcomed Trump’s rollback. The Independent Petroleum Association of America, which represents oil and natural gas producers, joined the Chamber of Commerce in praising his move. So did the National Federation of Independent Business, which challenged the Clean Power Plan in court. “People are going to freeze in the dark because of the destruction of the reliable electric power grid under Obama and the Democrats,” Robert Murray, the president and CEO of coal-mining company Murray Energy Corp., said in an interview. “Mr. Trump is doing the right things.” Some environmental groups cautioned that action from the private sector wasn’t enough to make up for the pullback in federal policy. “Policy is going to be required to get us where we need to be,” said Karen Palmer, research director at Resources for the Future. Tags Donald Trump Economics Politics Policy Company Commerce Recommended for you Featured Businesses NP Dodge Real Estate | Council Bluffs | IA Council Bluffs, Iowa 1032 Woodbury Ave , Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-328-5008 Thompson Music 14220 Fort St, Ste 103, Omaha, NE 68164 402-289-9699 The Fountains Ballroom West 4714 N. 120th St, Omaha, NE 68164 402-496-3000 Blooms & Bouquets 1111 N 13th St #422, Omaha, NE 68102 402-730-2640 Currently Open Coziahr Heating and Air Conditioning 1409 3rd Ave, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 712-323-5782 Currently Open Advanced ChiroCare 7 N Sixth St, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-256-5440 In case you missed it Omaha City Council approves development package for 'visionary' $1.2 billion project near Boys Town North End Teleservices is Omaha Chamber’s Small Business of the Year Stage Stores, winner in Gordmans bankruptcy auction, will operate 50 locations and keep open Omaha distribution center Trump eases way for coal, but market leans away Former owner of Wohlner’s, Omaha's oldest grocery store, dies at 94 Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Shareholders’ yellow brick road leads to Berkyville and the Wizard of Omaha Thanks to Berkshire’s success, Warren Buffett is giving away a fortune that just keeps growing Replay: March 28 Warren Watch chat Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion ePaper Full site index Buy & sell Autos, Cars, New & Used Vehicles Classifieds Daily Deal Omaha FindIt Real Estate & Homes in Omaha Jobs Omaha, Employment Legal notices Weekly ads Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team Omaha.com, Omaha, Neb. ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
null
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion » Shop Talk Last Modified: Wed, Mar 29 2017. 11 36 AM IST Why less is more Given our stressful and busy urban lives, offering more options to consumers may just lead to confusion, making shopping an ordeal instead of a pleasure Subscribe to our newsletter. Sapna Agarwal Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint I am not a big fan of shopping at D-Mart. Don’t get me wrong—it’s not that I dislike it. I like to buy my fresh fruits and vegetables at the farmers’ market on Sunday at a park close to where I live in Juhu. They also sell staples, organic honey, preserves and cookies. I enjoy the interaction with the farmers, the experience and discovery. To me retail is not just about value for money, functionality and utility, it’s also about theatre, experience and discovery. Unlike me, millions of consumers in western India love shopping at D-Mart. The fact that the no-frills discount retail chain’s parent Avenue Supermarts Ltd listed on 21 March with a 115% premium to its sale price is testimony to that. To be sure, it’s not without reason that investors drove up the stock so steeply. The regional chain is India’s most profitable retailer. Over 90% of D-Mart’s customers are regular shoppers who buy from the retailer 2-3 times a month on average. This is despite having no loyalty programme. What seems to be working for D-Mart is offering limited merchandise at prices lower than its rivals. If Future Retail’s large format stores like Big Bazaar stock 30,0000-50,000 units on average, a D-Mart store stocks just 40-50% of that merchandise. Most of this seems to defy logic. After all, over the years, we have been getting used to increased choices. Today, there are around 141 models of passenger vehicles from 15 car manufacturers on Indian roads. This is without taking into consideration luxury car models such as BMW, Audi and Mercedes. In the early 1990s, there were just four passenger car manufacturers with about a dozen car models, which included Hindustan’s Ambassador and Contessa, Premier Padmini, Standard Herald and 2000, the Maruti 800, Omni and Gypsy, and a range of Mahindra utility vehicles. A search for soap on online retailer Amazon.com Inc.’s India website shows up 324,992 results whereas a search for shampoo produces 17,028 results. A huge change from 30-40 years ago when bath soaps were dominated by the red Lifebuoy, pink Lux, Liril and Cinthol soaps and hair wash options were largely Shikakai soap, Halo and Sunsilk shampoo. However, too much is not always a good thing. Especially given our stressful and busy urban lives, offering more options to consumers may just lead to confusion, making shopping an ordeal instead of a pleasure. Psychologists Sheena Iyengar and Mark Lepper said that consumers who are offered fewer choices are more likely to purchase, based on an experiment that they conducted with jam at an upscale food market in a landmark study in 2000. The psychologists put up a display of 24 varieties of gourmet jam on one table one evening and on another day, shoppers saw a similar table, except that only six varieties of the jam were on display. The large display attracted more interest than the small one. But when the time came to purchase, people who saw the large display were one-tenth as likely to buy as people who saw the small display. In his provocative book, The Paradox of Choice, Barry Schwartz warns that giving consumers more product choices actually lowers their purchase satisfaction. Schwartz reasons that having too many options makes us fear missing out, which causes anxiety, analysis paralysis and regret. Globally, some of the biggest success stories in food retailing in recent years are not that of US retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. or UK retailer Tesco Plc. They are of the international expansion of German no-frills retail chains Aldi and Lidl, founded in 1946 and 1973, respectively. Aldi and Lidl only offer between 2,000 and 3,000 lines. In comparison an average Walmart store has 100,000 products and an average retailer 45,000 items. It’s not only in retail. Look at some of the most successful brands—Tesla Inc., Apple Inc. and Google’s home page. What stands out is the simplicity of design, a clean interface, and no clutter. Among large retailers and manufacturers, the shift towards simplicity and offering less choice has already started happening. In 2015, Tesco announced cutting its range on its retail shelves by a third. Walmart reduced its average number of store displays by 15%. Even Procter and Gamble reduced its range of Head and Shoulders shampoos by nearly half—and ended up seeing a 10% bump in sales. Interestingly, for India, the journey from having no choices to having a plethora of choices, and now to preferring our choices curated for us has happened in a very short time frame of 25-26 years. It was only in 1991 that India opened its doors to multinationals and we saw our markets being flooded by foreign manufacturers like The Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo Inc. The lessons, though, are crystal clear. D-Mart, even though much smaller in size, on listing, had a market capitalization of Rs39,916.44 crore, more than the aggregate of all of its key listed national rivals including Future Retail Ltd, Shoppers Stop Ltd and Trent Ltd. Shop Talk will take a weekly look at consumer trends, behaviour and insights. Sapna Agarwal Topics: India retail sector retail chains D-Mart Big Bazaar More From Livemint READ MORE Bob Dylan finally accepts Nobel prize in literature Jio’s new pricing will continue to bleed industry: COAI RBI policy in limelight for markets in truncated week First Published: Wed, Mar 29 2017. 01 12 AM IST Editor's Picks Unitech MD Sanjay Chandra, brother sent to police remand till 3 April BS-III vehicles nearly sold out, say dealers New ITR forms notified, details of cash deposits above Rs2 lakh, Aadhaar mandatory Latest News Bob Dylan finally accepts Nobel prize in literature Jio’s new pricing will continue to bleed industry: COAI RBI policy in limelight for markets in truncated week Lok Sabha bypolls: High stakes battle for PDP, NC, Congress in Kashmir Panama Papers boost tax battle, but no silver bullet Mint On Sunday Forget Matt Damon, The Great Wall is about China’s quest for global dominance The search for god through the eyes of a child How a famine happens: The tale of South Sudan The thin line between greatness and madness Letter from... Baselworld Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
